世界新闻
World News
2023-06-04
 
English 
Zerrenki: Ukraine is ready for counterattack preparation 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-03T-10:57:00Z
Description: Ukrainian President Zelei said that he has been preparing for counterattacks. He also mentioned that Ukraine needs more Patriot missiles to resist the Russian air strikes. At the same time, there have been many air strikes in Russia, but Ukraine has denied it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['乌克兰', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '爱国者导弹', '反攻战', '泽连斯基', '无人机袭击', '自由俄罗斯', '俄罗斯志愿军团', '基辅']
Id: 65816464
Zelei Sky said that he has confidence in counterattack
(Voice of Germany Chinese) After more than 15 months of war, Ukrainian President Zeleziski said in an interview published by the Wall Street Journal on Saturday (June 3): Move a counterattack against the Russian army.
In an interview with Odesa, the city of Ukrainian port, "We firmly believe that we will succeed." He added: "I don't know how long it will take. To be honest, it can be done in various ways. But we are about to do so, and we are ready."
Need more Patriot missile system 
In the interview, Zerrenki mentioned Russia's air advantage in the front line, and called on Ukraine to urgently need more Patriot missile systems, in addition to allowing citizens to avoid air bombing, it can also protect frontline combat forces Essence He pointed out that the lack of prevention of Russian air power means "a large number of soldiers will die in a counterattack war."
Zeelianzki also told a reporter from the Wall Street Journal that Ukraine originally hoped to have more weapons provided by the West in the counterattack battle. Although Ukraine was ready to act as well, he said, "We want to have something, but we can't wait a few months."
Germany has delivered a Patriot system to Ukraine this year
Both parties strengthen deployment 
With the preparation of Ukraine this year, Moscow has also strengthened air strike deployment. According to the Kiev authorities, the Ukraine's defense system shot down multiple Russian drones and missiles over Friday (June 2) on Friday (June 2). The Ukrainian military said in a statement: "According to preliminary information, the air defense forces discovered and destroyed more than 30 various air targets over and surrounding airspaces."
Volodymrhavrylov, deputy minister of Ukraine, told Reuters on Saturday: "In addition to cruise missile attacks, Ukraine also faces repeated attacks on ballistic missiles in May, especially in cities including Capital Kiev. Center. "He added:" The main goal of their (Russia) is to prevent our counterattack and target the goal at the core institution of decision -making. "
He also emphasized that the modern air defense system provided by Western partners "has an efficiency of more than 90%" and mentioned "nothing can prevent our efforts, our wishes, and our confidence in winning this war." Harvrilov went to Singapore this week to participate in the Shangri -angri-La Dialogue.
On the other hand, Ukraine has also increased its crackdown on the Russian gunpowder and logistics routes in the past few weeks. According to Utong News Agency on Thursday, Tavria's troops destroyed the enemy's 4 ammunition libraries.
Moscow building, which was attacked by drones on May 30
Russian attacks frequently 
In addition, there have been more and more drone attacks in Russia recently. For example, Shebekino, a border city near Ukraine, has encountered an unprecedented strong shell this week. Local residents have to evacuate their homes. "Free Russia" and "Russian Volunteer Corps" from the Russian -pro -Ukraine militants subsequently claimed to have entered Shebiekino on Thursday and said "will be liberated throughout Russia."
And the Russian capital Moscow also encountered drone attacks earlier this week, and Russian President Putin accused "signs of clear signs of terrorist activities." However, the Ukrainian authorities denied that it was related to these attacks in Russia and only said that "very happy to see and predict the number of attacks will continue to increase."
Zelei: Ukraine is ready to join NATO 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/泽连斯基：乌克兰已做好反攻准备/a-65816464?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The only June 4th Memorial Hall in the world before the 34th anniversary of the Tiananmen incident opened in New York 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-03T-20:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-03T10:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New York, 3rd.) A before the 34th anniversary of the Tiananmen incident, the Chinese dissidents who participated in the 1989 protests of Tiananmen Square were unveiled in New York today to unveil the world's only June 4th Memorial Hall, which aims to commemorate the "democratic dream of the Chinese people". Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to the AFP, Wang Dan, the leader of the 1989 Democratic Games and the founder of the June 4th Memorial Hall of New York, said that the incident in 1989 had an impact on China and the entire world.
Wang Dan pointed out: "Today, when we start to realize the threat of Xi Jinping's regime to the composition of human civilization, we should remember 1989(event)Essence "
He also said: "We should commemorate those who sacrificed, remember the democratic dreams of the Chinese people at that time," "" Even in the United States, we can still feel the pressure and threats from the Chinese government. "
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230603-%E5%A4%A9%E5%AE%89%E9%97%A8%E4%BA%8B%E4%BB%B634%E5%91%A8%E5%B9%B4%E5%89%8D-%E5%85%A8%E7%90%83%E5%94%AF%E4%B8%80%E5%85%AD%E5%9B%9B%E7%BA%AA%E5%BF%B5%E9%A6%86%E5%9C%A8%E7%BA%BD%E7%BA%A6%E5%BC%80%E5%B9%95 
"Wu Tong Taiwan" polls, mosques forced demolition, NATO "Dongjin" and more important stories this week 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-03T02:49:03.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-03T02:49:03.000Z
Description: Just in the past week, news content below BBC has attracted the attention of readers. If you miss it, we will take you one by one.
Images: [" _129909169_52... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['伊斯兰教', '日本', '新冠病毒疫情', '中國', '人工智能', '台湾', '北大西洋公约组织', '军事', '宗教信仰']
Type: Article
"Wu Tong Taiwan" polls, mosques forced demolition, NATO "Dongjin" and more important stories this week 
June 3, 2023 Image source, getty images
In late May, the results of the relevant polls of more than 1,800 Chinese citizens against the "martial arts" Taiwan, in the case of intense situations on cross -strait and inconsistent relations between the United States and China, have attracted attention from all parties. 
On the other hand, on the past weekend, news was sent on the Internet. The Arab -style appearance of a mosque in Yunnan Province, China was forcibly dismantled by the authorities. During construction, local Muslims residents came to try to stop and conflicted with the police. A new round of incident under the policy of religious Chinese.
In May of this year, Japan officially confirmed that NATO will set up a liaison office in Tokyo in July. Although it is also clarified that Japan has no intention of applying for joining NATO, NATO's activities in Asia are getting high -profile, causing the attention of the Indo -Pacific region.
On May 28, China's first domestic large aircraft C919 successfully achieved its first commercial flights, flying from Shanghai to Beijing. This aircraft was manufactured by the state -owned COMAC (Comac), from 2007 to its first commercial sailing in 2023, which lasted for 15 years.
BBC sort out information, interviews experts, analyzes the unique advantages and disadvantages of China's large aircraft, and tries to answer a question -Can Chinese aircraft replicate the success of the high -speed rail?
After the emergency state of the new crown epidemic, a former Chinese government senior scientist accepted a BBC interview that it should not rule out the possibility of leaking the new coronary virus from the laboratory.
More and more leaders in the science and technology industry warn that artificial intelligence (AI) may lead to human extinction. How can this happen?
Just in the past week, news content below BBC has attracted the attention of readers. If you miss it, we will take you one by one.
1. Who supports "Wu Tong" Taiwan? What do you say about a poll for interviewees in mainland China? 
[China refers to the "one country, two systems" Taiwan plan.(https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-55675464)* China's "self -employed five" bloggers: "Patriotic" Internet celebrity under the rise of nationalism In May of this year, the well -known English journal "Journal of Contemporarychina" published a result of nearly 1,800 Chinese citizens' polls on "Wu Tong" Taiwan.
The research survey showed that the respondents expressed only 55%of the "Wu Tong" Taiwanese in Beijing, and 33%of the respondents did not agree to unify Taiwan by force. The results of polls caused public opinion discussion.
The Chinese people's views on cross -strait issues have always been rare because of the sensitivity of issues.
Liu Yao, one of the author, told BBC in Chinese, "The most important discovery is that the mainland people have a relatively large tolerance for solving the Taiwan problems, not as much as expected. In other words, the research results show that the research results show that the results show that the research results show that Wu Tong did not receive overwhelming support among the interviewees.
At the moment when cross -strait situations are tight and US -China relations, related investigations have attracted attention from all parties. The two authors also mentioned the results of the study at the end of the thesis or that the U.S. decision makers can realize that for most Chinese respondents, there is no clock that immediately send troops to martial arts. Essence
2. China Yunnan Mosque was suspected of being "strongly dismantled", police -civilian conflicts quoted "religious sinicization" doubts 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
There are many mosque in Yunnan Province (information picture)
Views: Mosque confrontation may angered the "model" Muslims * Truth Exploring the Truth of Xinjiang Uyghur Education Camp A few days ago, news was sent on the Internet that the Arab -style appearance of a mosque in Yunnan Province, China was forcibly demolished by the authorities. During construction, local Muslim residents came to try to stop and conflict with the police.
According to social media, dozens of people pushed the police officers with riot equipment and shields in the Najiaying Mosque outside Tonghai County, Yuxi City, Yunnan, tried to break through the police line. During this period, someone threw objects to the police.
China's official news seems to be confirmed that the incident occurred last Saturday (May 27). On May 28, the local police claimed that "a case that seriously obstructs the order of social management in Nagu Town, Tonghai County", and called on those involved in the case to "surrender" by June 6 to strive for "lenient treatment".
The conflict is accused of being related to the demolition of the mosque for the authorities. The local court made a judgment in 2020, saying that the reconstruction of the mosque was illegal and ordered the demolition.
Tonghai County Police said in a report on Sunday that the incident caused "bad social impact", which will severely crack down, and "encourage and protect" the public to actively report.
In recent years, China has stepped up its political controls on religious groups and individuals, and listed "in -depth promotion of Chinese religion Sinicization" as a clear requirement for united front work.
AFP quoted DavidStroup, an expert at the University of Manchester, the University of Manchester, in the United Kingdom, saying that although these practices have a small impact on the community outside Xinjiang, many mosques have been "forced to be converted." In line with the official definition of Sinicization.
3. 3 China -made large aircraft C919: Can you copy the success of the high -speed rail? 

Image adding text,
China C919.
On May 28, China's first domestic large aircraft C919 successfully achieved its first commercial flights, flying from Shanghai to Beijing. China hopes that this plane will break the monopoly between Boeing and Airbus, and will share a share in the trillion -level aviation market. Even the success of the Chinese high -speed railway -2004 high -speed railway items to 2018, 38,000 kilometers in 14 years, accounting for 70 % of the global high -speed rail mileage, and became the "business card" made by China's high -end manufacturing, and began to output.
However, the large aircraft is different from the high -speed rail. The latter through technical transfer, digestion, and upgrading through technical transfer, digestion and upgrading in just three or four years, key components such as large aircraft engines are still dependent on Europe and the United States. It is believed that under the increasingly tense geopolitical pattern, it is always in danger of technology "card neck" at any time.
So, where is the future of a large domestic aircraft? Can Chinese large aircraft replicate the success of the high -speed rail?
4 . New crown virus traceability: top Chinese scientists said that the laboratory should not be excluded 
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Blessing
貉 In the field of vision, do we find the "origin of animals" of the new crown virus? A former Chinese government senior scientist told the BBC that the possibility of leaking the new coronary virus from the laboratory should not be ruled out.
As the director of the China Disease Prevention and Control Center, Professor Gao Fu played an important role in the response and traceability of the epidemic.
The Chinese government denies any statement that this disease may originate from the Wuhan Lab, but Professor Gao did not make it straightforward. **
In an interview with the BBC Broadcast Four Podcast "Heat: Finding the Origin of the New Crown Virus", Professor Gao said: "You can always doubt anything. This is science. Don't rule out any possibility."
Professor Gao is a world -class virusist and immunologist. After retiring from the China Disease Prevention and Control Center last year, he is currently the deputy director of the National Natural Science Foundation of China.
Professor Gao also told the BBC that the Chinese government conducted some formal investigation on the Wuhan Virus Research Institute, which may show that the Chinese government's attention to the theory of laboratory leakage theory is higher than its official statement.
5 . Artificial Intelligence Three Phase: Why do scientists jointly regulate AI technology that can lead to human extinction 
Image source, getty images
ChatGPT industry: Will China surpass the United States on an artificial intelligence track Look from the new rules of the China Internet Information Office to see the new track of the generation of AI BBC Reporter Dialogue AI Chat Robot Experts, including OpenAI and the heads of Google DeepMind, warned that artificial intelligence could lead to human extinction, but how can machines replace humans?
Since its launch in November 2022, ChatGPT, a chatbot that uses artificial intelligence to answer questions or generate text or even code according to the needs of users, has become the fastest -growing Internet application in history.
In just two months, its active users have reached 100 million. According to the technology monitoring company Sensor Town, Instagram spent two and a half years to reach this milestone.
Dozens of experts support a statement published on the PentaFETy webpage of the Artificial Intelligence Safety, saying that "reducing the risk of extinction caused by artificial intelligence should become the world with the risks of other society such as epidemic and nuclear war, which should be the world to become global Priority. "
But some people said that this concern was exaggerated.
6 . NATO "Dongjin" set up the Tokyo contact office Ukraine war to give birth to the "Little NATO" in Asia? 
Image source, Takashi Aoyama / Pool / Anadolu Agency Via Getty
Image adding text,
Kishida Wenxiong has been considered as a firm gentle school within the Liberal Democratic Party, but this year, three documents have been introduced to show that Japan will break through many post -war taboos, including further expanding weapons exports.
The first island chain: Bynden re -connected the breakout of Asian allies and China * Japan once represents the future, but it is trapped in the past As the world's largest multinational military alliance, NATO (NATO) has become more high -profile in Asia since Moscow's invasion of Ukraine last year, causing the attention of the Indo -Pacific regional state. In May of this year, Japan officially confirmed that NATO will set up a liaison office in Tokyo in July, but at the same time clarify that Japan has no intention of applying to join NATO.
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs immediately criticized NATO's move to destroy the stability of the area. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning responded to the news at the news meeting, "Asia -Pacific does not welcome camps to confront and does not welcome military groups." She emphasized that since NATO claims to be a regional alliance, it should not seek geographical breakthroughs.
However, NATO set the first formal contact place in India, only symbolic significance or had substantial strategic functions?
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/press-review-65786824 
US think tank: China has no large -scale expansion of trade with Russia 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-03T07:16:00Z
Description: A study by the Atlantic Council of the American Think Tank showed that since Russia has fully invaded Ukraine, some countries such as China have strengthened trade with Russia, but they are far less than India, Turkey, Greece and other countries. In addition, there are signs that China has maintained a certain restraint in economic exchanges with Russia.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '汉诺威工业博览会', '专题报道：习近平访美', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴']
Keywords: ['美国智库', '大西洋理事会', '俄罗斯', '贸易', '中国', '土耳其', '印度', '习近平']
Id: 65796772
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited Moscow on March 20, 2023 and talks with Putin
(Voice of Germany Chinese) According to a research report from the Atlantic Council of the American Think Tank, since the beginning of 2022, some countries have added trade with Russia, including non -allied countries and even some EU member states. The report believes that the surge in trade with Russia is not necessarily the indicator of the war that supports Putin, but it is more likely to be the result of cheaper export goods in the company and the country to fill the new gap in the Russian market.
The report wrote that countries that have increased sharply with Russia include Turkish NATO, Turkey, Greek, EU member states, and India in the United States. In 2022, India's trade with Russia increased by nearly 250%year -on -year, Greece's trade with Russia increased by 100%year -on -year, and Turkey's trade with Russia increased by 93%year -on -year. India and Turkey provide an important lifeline for the key areas of the Russian economy. India has surpassed the European Union, becoming the second largest oil export destination in Russia after China Essence Turkey is now an important supplier of Russia's electronic machinery and components, including integrated circuits and semiconductors. Turkey also exports a large number of chemicals, plastics, rubber products and vehicles to Russia. Under the pressure of the Seventh Kingdom Group, Turkey has agreed to stop transshipment to Russia to be sanctioned.
Sino -Russian trade increased by 27% last year 
The report pointed out that although China is Russia's largest trading partner and China -Russia trade reached a record 188 billion US dollars last year, its growth rate was only 27%year -on -year. "Considering that China's economic scale is more than 20 times that of Russia's second largest trading partner Turkey, China -Russia trade is not so prominent, and it is lower than many American allies and partners and Russia's trade."
The report believes that the increase in Sino -Russian trade is related to the strategy of "looking east" by Russia from 2013. In addition, the depreciation of the RMB against the US dollar and rubles in 2022 also increased China's competitiveness to Russia's exports. From the perspective of China, the trade amount of China and Russia is equivalent to China and Malaysia's trade, far lower than that of China and Vietnam. The size of these two economies is only one -fifth of Russia.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
The initial ally 
On the second day of the establishment of the People's Republic of China on October 1, 1949, the Soviet Union became the first country to establish diplomatic relations with China. At the end of the year, Mao Zedong went to Moscow to visit and stayed in the Soviet Union for more than two months to participate in the 70 -year -old Japanese celebration life movement (picture). After the incident, Mao Zedong complained that he was not well made by Stalin and the progress of the signing talks was not smooth. On February 14, 1950, Mao Zedong signed the "Sino -Soviet Friendship Alliance Mutual Aid Treaty" in Moscow, and the two countries and the Soviet Union were ally.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
"Big Brother" in the Soviet Union 
From the 1950s to the early 1960s, it was regarded by the outside world as the "honeymoon period" of Sino -Soviet relations. The two parties signed a series of agreements. The Soviet Union provided China, materials and personnel from trade, higher education, nuclear technology, and industry aspects. Aid to help China build a complete industrial system. The first "five -year plan" formulated by the Chinese government in 1953 was introduced by the help and planning of the Soviet Union. Mao Zedong emphasized that he would learn from the Soviet Union in all aspects, "the Soviet Communist Party is our best gentleman." The picture shows a report from the 6th anniversary of the Sino -Soviet Friendship Treaty in 1956.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
Korean War 
The outbreak of the Korean War in June 1950, China sent troops to participate in the war in October (the picture shows the volunteer army crossing the frozen Yalu River), and directly confronts the United Nations troops dominated by the United States. China calls it "anti -US aid North Korea." The Soviet Union did not directly participate in the war, but provided a large number of weapons and equipment and funding assistance. In June 1953, the two souths of the North and South signed the Banmen Store Agreement: It stipulates that the North Korea and South Korea use the 38 -degree line north of North Korea as a boundary ceasefire, which solidifies the split pattern of the Korean Peninsula.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
From reverse to break to break 
In September 1959, the Soviet leader Khrushchev visited China (pictured) to participate in the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. At that time, the contradictions of the differences between the Chinese and Soviet leaders in the political concept and the strategic interests had emerged. In 1960, Moscow recovered all the Soviet experts that recovered China to abolish various agreements for economic and technological cooperation between the two countries. Beijing has carried out long -term sharp criticism of the Soviet Union's "revisionism" and the foreign policy of the CPSU.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
Border conflict 
China and the Soviet Union are the two neighbors in the world with the longest land border. In 1964, the first round of border negotiations in China and the Soviet Union failed. On June 3, 1969, the Chinese and Soviet troops broke out in the Treasure Island of the Uranus River in the Jiehe River (the picture shows the Chinese defense of the Treasure Island), and both sides have casualties. In the same year, the two countries conflict again on Basai Island, Heilongjiang and Tielekti, Xinjiang. In September, the Chairman of the Soviet Minister's Meeting, Koshin, took the road to Beijing and met with Chinese Prime Minister Zhou Enlai for 3 hours at the airport to achieve a consensus to maintain the status quo and avoid armed conflicts.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 


After Brezhnev served as the leader of the CPSU, Sino -Soviet relations were still in a confrontation. After the Chinese Cultural Revolution began in 1966, almost all exchanges between the two countries. In 1967, the Red Guards hit the Soviet Embassy in Beijing. The picture shows the demonstration of the Baotou Iron and Steel Factory in 1969 after the Sino -Soviet border conflict.
*
Resisting the Moscow Olympics 
After entering the 1970s, China began to improve relations with Western countries led by the United States. In 1972, Nixon's visit to China opened the door to China's opening to the international community. In the 1980s, the Soviet Union was severely sanctions and confrontation due to invasion of Afghanistan. In 1980, Moscow held the Olympic Games, and China joined the resistance camp of Western countries led by the United States.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
Relationship Normally 
At the end of the Soviet Union, Sino -Soviet relations eased. From October 1982 to June 1988, the special envoys of the China and the Soviet Union conducted 12 rounds of consultation on the normalization of the relationship between the two countries. In May 1989, Gorbachev, general secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, visited China to meet with Deng Xiaoping. The two sides published the Joint Bulletin in Beijing, marking the normalization of the relationship between the two countries.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
From good neighbor to strategic partner 
After the disintegration of the Soviet Union in 1991, China announced that Russia was the heirs of the Soviet Union. The highest levels of the two countries began to recover. In 1999, the "List of Two Sections on the East and West of the Sino -Russian Boundary Line" was signed. After Pujing came to power in 2001, Russia signed the "Treaty of China -Russia and Russia's Neighbors and Friendship Cooperation" to determine the strategic collaboration partnership of equal trust. In 2010, the two countries confirmed the "comprehensive strategic collaboration partnership". The picture shows Putin, Bush, and Jiang Zemin at the Shanghai Asia -Pacific Economic Organization Summit in 2001.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
to the international stage 
After entering the new thousand years, with the increase in economic strength, Beijing and Moscow intend to play a more active role on the international stage. The multilateral platforms such as the BRICS Summit and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (established in 2002) provided opportunities for this. The picture shows the BRICS summit held in India in October 2016.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
Friendship of Political Strong Man 
Xi Jinping and Putin, the two authoritative authoritarian leaders, have similar political beliefs of a large country. While firmly consolidating its own power, they also hope to break the existing international order led by the United States. During the visit to Beijing in February 2022 and attending the Winter Olympics, China emphasized that China and Russia were "unlimited friendship and endless cooperation." The picture shows Xi Jinping in 2018 at the Russian Far East Port, the Vladivostok and Putin tasting caviar pancakes.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
is not an ally, it looks like an ally 
Since the outbreak of the Ukrainian war in February 2022, Russia has been sanctioned and isolated internationally. However, China has always refused to condemn Russia's aggression, and accusing the United States and NATO in charge of conflict, opposing sanctions, and calling on the "security concerns" of Russia. At the same time, China has greatly expanded imports from Russia, especially energy imports. In March 2023, Xi Jinping visited Moscow and became the first head of head of the Ukrainian war since the outbreak of the Ukrainian war.

China has maintained restraint in economic exchanges with Russia 
The report of the Atlantic Council believes that "in fact, there are signs that China has maintained a certain restraint in the economic exchanges with Russia, and only when there is an overwhelming interests in Beijing." After Russia invaded Ukraine in February of the year, Bank of China stopped financing to purchase Russian goods. In the entire 2022, China avoided providing funds for any major new investment in Russia. Sinopec and other state -owned enterprises stopped their previous investment plans. Xi Jinping 2023 2023 2023 When visiting Russia in March of the year, he did not immediately reach an agreement on the "Siberian Power 2" as Putin's willingness to reach an agreement.
The report said that although there are China and other foreign companies avoid the sanctions and export controls of the Seventh Kingdoms Group Examples, but "Generally speaking, China seems to abide by Western sanctions and export control because they are worried that they will be subject to US sanctions or second -level sanctions." On the other hand, China continues to extend from the United Nations and the Group of 20 Diplomacy was released, and in 2022, it sold millions of dollars of drones and drone parts worth millions of dollars.
(Atlantic Council, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美国智库：中国没有大规模扩大与俄罗斯的贸易/a-65796772?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Shangri -La Dialogue 2023: China -US Defense Director shakes hands but has no "substantial communication". The United States calls Beijing to participate in the dialogue 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-03T08:22:47.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-03T08:22:47.000Z
Description: The US Minister of Defense Austin said in Singapore's attendance of the Shangri -La Asian Summit that he was "profoundly concerned" about China's unwillingness to participate in military crisis management. Australian Prime Minister Albanis called on the United States and China to strengthen exchanges and build a "guardrail".
Images: [" _129975555_au... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['新加坡', '中美关系', '澳大利亚', '中國', '美国', '亚洲', '军事']
Type: Article
Shangri -La Dialogue 2023: China -US Defense Minister shakes hands but has no "substantial communication". The United States calls Beijing to participate in the dialogue 
June 3, 2023 Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
US Secretary of Defense Austin said, "The more we talk about, the more you can avoid misunderstanding and misjudgment that may cause crisis or conflict."
US Defense Minister Lloyd Austin said on June 3 when attending the Shangri -La Asian Security Summit in Singapore that he was "deep concern" about China's unwillingness to participate in military crisis management. 
He said at the summit entitled "The leadership of the United States in the Indo -Pacific region", "For responsible national defense leaders, it is a good time for conversation." The more you can avoid misunderstanding and misjudgment that may cause crisis or conflict. "
Austin emphasized that the Taiwan Strait War will be devastating and will "affect the global economy in a way we can't imagine." He pointed out that the United States is firmly committed to maintaining the status quo of Taiwan.
He criticized that China "alarmed the number of dangerous interceptions on the United States and allies aircraft in the international airspace, and reiterated that the United States would support allies and partners to fight against" coercion and bullying. "
Shangri -La dialogue between China and the United States and the US defense is difficult to meet and there are other issues to be solved Bayeng government out of the "oolong", the US -China relations "recover" and then the shadow The first island chain: Bynden re -connected the breakout of Asian allies and China 
Hand hands and greetings 
Image source, How Hwee Young/EPA-EFE/Rex/Shutterstock
Image adding text,
Li Shangfu, the Chinese Defense Director, who was sanctioned by the United States in 2018, rejected the invitation to meet with the US Defense Minister Austin. Li Shangfu will publish a speech entitled "China's New Security Initiative" at the summit on June 4.
At the opening dinner of the summit the night before, Austin and Chinese State Councilor and Minister of Defense Li Shangfu were arranged to eat at the same table, but they were separated by several seats. A video took Austin to take the initiative to reach Li Shangfu's seat, and shook hands with a smile and a brief conversation.
Austin later said that "shaking hands at a dinner can not replace substantial communication."
The Pentagon issued a statement that the two did not conduct substantial exchanges. The Ministry of Defense believed that maintaining smooth communication channels will continue to seek meaningful military discussions at multiple levels and manage this relationship responsible.
The former Indonesian Ambassador to China, Yi Molong, told the Chinese official media "Global Times" that the Chinese and American defense ministers realized shaking hands on the dining table to attribute to China's long history and culture. " In contrast, China's culture is rich enough to accept anyone's greetings. "
Earlier, Li Shangfu, who was sanctioned by the United States in 2018, rejected his invitation to meet with Austin. He was scheduled to publish a speech entitled "China's New Security Initiative" at the summit on June 4.
Australian Prime Minister urges the United States and China to build a "guardrail" 
Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
Australian Prime Minister Albanis supports US President Biden "re -try" to open communication channels with China.
The relationship between the United States and China has fallen to the lowest point in the past decades due to problems such as balloon incidents and Taiwan and South China.
Australian Prime Minister Anthonyalbanese said at the opening ceremony of the Security Summit that the United States should strengthen communication and construction of "guardrails". He supported US President Biden to "re -try" and open communication channels with China.
He said: "If the decision -making layer cannot answer the call and clarify some things, there will always be greater risks overflowing to irreparable actions and reactions."
"No matter the conflict between the Taiwan Strait or other places, it is not just a place where a large country or a conflict is affected, but it will cause damage to the world."
Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
Chinese State Councilor and Minister of Defense Li Shangfu (second from left) held talks with Huang Yonghong, the Minister of Defense, Singapore on Thursday.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65796804 
The US Secretary of Defense in batches Beijing to refuse to talk to China: Responsibility in the United States 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-03T09:32:00Z
Description: US Defense Secretary Austin emphasized in Shangri -La dialogue on Saturday that the Taiwan Strait conflict will cause devastating consequences. He also said that the US -China dialogue is "essential" for avoiding errors that may cause conflicts. Earlier, the Beijing side rejected his official meeting with the Minister of Defense.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '台湾', '南希·佩洛西']
Keywords: ['香格里拉对话', '中美关系', '台海危机', '台海冲突', '台湾']
Id: 65815175
(Voice of German in Chinese) US Secretary of Defense Austin Criticizing China on Saturday (June 3) criticized China for unwillingness to participate in military crisis management. Previously, Beijing rejected his formal invitation to meet with the Chinese National Defense Minister.
Austin's "Shangri -La Dialogue" held in Singapore's Asian Defense Summit said: "I feel deeply concerned that China is unwilling to participate more seriously to explore a better crisis management mechanism between the two countries."
Austin and the Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu shake hands for the first time at the opening dinner of Shangri -La and talked briefly, but this interaction did not reach the Pentagon's expectations of "substantial communication". Singapore's "Lianhe Zaobao" reported that although the two were arranged at the same table, they sat in their seats after shaking hands. At the same table, Singapore Acting Prime Minister Huang Xuncai, Indonesian Defense Chief Plabovo, Australian Prime Minister Albanis, etc.
Since the beginning of this year, the tension between Washington and Beijing is due to Taiwan and China Spy Balloon Incident Continuously upgraded.
The US Defense Secretary is currently undergoing a trip to Asia. Previously, he visited Japan and would visit India later. Senior U.S. officials want to fight against Beijing by strengthening the alliance and partnership in the region.
Austin dialogue in Shangri-La on Saturday with the title of "A Shared Vision for the Indo-Pacific", saying that the United States will not tolerate the "coercion and bullying" of its allies and partners, and at the same time It is guaranteed to Beijing that the United States will be committed to maintaining the status quo of Taiwan and preferring dialogue rather than conflict. It will continue to "resolutely oppose any party to make unilateral changes to the status quo."
He warned that "the Taiwan Strait conflict will be devastating" and will affect the global economy in a "way we can't imagine". "Conflict is neither immortal nor inevitable."
He emphasized that the United States does not seek conflict or confrontation, "but in the face of bullying or coercion, we will not shrink back."
Austin also talked about the lack of communication with China in his speech. He said: "The United States believes that maintaining communication channels with China is very important, especially between our defense and military leaders." "The more we communicate, the more you can avoid misunderstandings and errors that may cause crisis or conflict. judge."
"Friendly handshake at the dinner cannot replace substantial interaction."
Shangri -La dialogue welcome dinner, VIP table, US Defense Minister Austin (right) is sitting next to Singapore Deputy Prime Minister Huang Xuncai (second from right).
China: The relationship between the two armed forces is facing difficulties in the United States 
The United States invited Li Shangfu to hold a meeting of the two countries during the summit, but being rejected by Beijing Essence Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said in response to the relevant issues at a regular press conference on May 30: "The reason why the conversation between the two Sino -US armed forces is facing difficulties in the United States is clear."
The Chinese delegation who attended the Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore also immediately refuted Austin's remarks on Saturday. Jing Jianfeng, the deputy chief of staff of the Joint Staff of the Central Military Commission of the Communist Party of China, said that the current relationship between the Sino -US armed forces is facing difficulties and is responsible for the United States.
Jing Jianfeng also said that the United States blurred and emptied a Chinese principle, strengthened official exchanges with Taiwan, indulged Taiwan's independence split activities, enhanced the number and performance of selling weapons to Taiwan, frequently passed away from the Taiwan Strait, showed off force, attracted other countries to intervene in Taiwan. question. He also reiterated that the issue of Taiwan is related to the core interests of China, and he cannot tolerate any compromise.
Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu will speak at the meeting on Sunday. In 2018, he was sanctioned by the US government for purchasing Russian weapons, but the Pentagon stated that this did not prevent Austin from meeting with Lee Shangfu. Members of the Chinese delegation said that the cancellation of sanctions is one of the prerequisites for a substantial dialogue with Austin.
Mega warships cross the Taiwan Strait 
On the same day on the conversation of Shangri -La, the US and Canadian warships crossed the Taiwan Strait. The Seventh Fleet of the United States announced on Saturday that its destroyer USS Chung-Hoon and the Royal Canadian Navy's Montreal (HMCSMontreal) is "in accordance with international law, and the Taiwan Strait, which is also available in the Taiwan Strait, has a routine navigation. Time is June 3rd local time. The U.S. Navy said: "The Zhongyun and Montreal both traveled through the Taiwan Strait that the United States and their allies and partners committed to a free and open Indo -Pacific region."
Agence France -Presse pointed out that U.S. naval ships often cross the Taiwan Strait, but rarely perform such operations with ships in other countries at the same time. The last time the United States and Canada jointly traveled through the Taiwan Strait in September 2022.
The Canadian military confirmed the sailing on Twitter on Saturday and said that the United States and Canada were "partners who act on peace and security in the region."
(Associated Press, AFP)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美国防长批北京拒绝对话-中国：责任在美方/a-65815175?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Democratic God of Democratic Statue in Washington held the June 4th Candlelight Mourning Event 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T09:44:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T00:22:18-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The place of the commemorative ceremony is located in front of a small square in front of the Democratic Goddess of Democratic Goddess, just a few neighborhoods from Washington. Reporter Wang Yun shoot
On the eve of the 34th anniversary of the June Fourth Massacre of 1989, the Washington Human Rights Organization "Communist Lisestyle Foundation" held the 10th Six Fourth Candlelight Mourning Campaign in Washington on June 2. The personal calendar of the Tiananmen Democratic Movement and the representatives of the Uyghur, Tibetan and Hong Kong people spoke at the event.
September 34th Anniversary Special Report: Young women who took the microphone on the square * The June 4th Leaders of the June 4th Memorial Hall of New York reiterated to the pursuit of freedom China determination Special Report on the 34th Anniversary of June 4th: Pick up the torch and move forward! 
The place of the commemorative ceremony is located in front of a small square in front of the Democratic Goddess of Democratic Goddess, just a few neighborhoods from Washington.
 
Small squares are sandwiched between three roads, just a narrow triangle small square, but during the ceremony, there are still about 50 people here. There are both Chinese faces and American people.
Former US Congress, Frankwolf, said at the ceremony, "We all remember the scene of the Democratic demonstration of Tiananmen Democratic demonstrations on TV that year. Those who crush the vehicle and leave the bleeding bodies on the ground. "
Former US Congress, Frankwolf, spoke at the ceremony.(Reporter Wang Yun shoot) Wolf reviewed in 1991 that he and another Congress member Chrissmith went to Beijing to ask the participants of the 89th Democratic Games who were still being held. He emphasized that so many years have passed, and the Chinese government has persecuted different ethnic groups without differences, including Christians, Tibetan Buddhists, Uyghur Muslims, and members of Falun Gong. When he mentioned the persecuted Muslims in Xinjiang, he raised his voice and repeated the word "race extinction" three times.
The founder of the Washington Human Rights Organization "Citizen Power" Yang Jianli spoke at the event as the Tiananmen Democratic Games Ceremony in 1989. He borrowed the old Chinese words, "the white -haired man sent a black -haired man" to show the mourning of the young people who were killed in the June 4th massacre of the year. He lamented that sadness could not be added, and sadness never stopped.
However, Yang Jianli also relieved that the white paper movement that happened last year echoed the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen that year, just as young people in Tiananmen Square more than 30 years ago, this generation of young people also required a transparent and responsible government, and the government. Political freedom.
Elfidar Iltebir, President of the American Uyghur Association Elfidar Iltebir(ICT)Organization Research Director Bu Qiongji Ren(Bhuchung K.)The ethnic groups speak their own ethnic groups in the event.Hong Kong democratic activity Shao Lan reviewed the process of gradually understanding the essence of the Chinese government in the process of growing up at the ceremony. She regretted saying that after the delivery of the Central Movement in 2019, the traditional rule of law and democracy inherent in Hong Kong was deprived by the Chinese government. She emphasized that Hong Kong people are still insisting on struggle, but she asked, but she asked to see what the international community did to help Hong Kong people?
At the end of the ceremony, the candles ignited by everyone were silent for half a minute. But after the ceremony, people still gathered in front of the statue of democratic gods and did not want to leave for a long time. Several young Hong Kong people who came to participate in the ceremony sang "Wish to Return to Hong Kong" before the idol.
At the end of the ceremony, the candles ignited by everyone were silent for half a minute.(Reporter Wang Yun shoot) Reporter: Editor Wang Yun: Shen Ye.com Editor: Jessi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/wy-06032023092053.html 
Japanese heavy rain disaster 1 death 3 lost 35 injuries 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-03T11:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-03T10:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 3rd) The Japanese authorities said today that some areas are affected by Typhoon Mawa and Mei Yufeng, which has caused fierce rainfall. At present, it is known that 1 dead and 35 people are seriously injured.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to Agence France -Presse, Fengqiao City, Aichi Prefecture, Japan was the highest level of evacuation alert yesterday. A municipal government official said that the local search and rescue team "found a man about 60 years old in the drowned car, but later confirmed that he was confirmed. already dead".
In Kawama Prefecture, Japan, officials told AFP that they had begun to search for a man and a woman who disappeared locally.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230603-%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%AC%E5%A4%A7%E9%9B%A8%E9%85%BF%E7%81%BE-1%E6%AD%BB3%E5%A4%B1%E8%81%9435%E4%BC%A4 
Not being blocked by thunderstorms to block the younger generation of participating in the June 4th Parade of New York 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T12:01:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T00:25:08-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 New York June Fourth Parade supporters are not blocked by the wind and rain to block the shouting slogan Reporter Tang Yuanyuan Photo
On Friday, the city of Manhattan, New York held a parade to commemorate the Tiananmen incident in 1989. Among the parade, there were some young Chinese people who had not experienced the June 4th incident. How did they know the June 4th Movement? What kind of story do they carry on the streets of New York?
The June 4th Leaders of the June 4th Memorial Hall of New York reiterated to the pursuit of freedom China determination * June 4th Memorial Hall held a press conference Wang Dan: Reserve power for the future Column | Weekend Tea House: What does the June 4th Memorial Museum of June 4th New York show? * "June 4th" 34th Anniversary Memorial Hall condenses the spirit of the two generations of people's owners 
"Express the Communist Party!Express the fascist!Don't forget the June 4th!Blood debt and blood!" In the rain, the people who were looking forward to the democratization of China shouted firmly in the center of Manhattan, New York.
On the eve of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, the Democratic Party organized a parade in New York to commemorate the democratic movement in 1989. The parade departed from the New York June 4th Memorial Hall and went through the lively city of New York to the Chinese Consulate General in New York. There were many young supporters in this parade.
 
"Today, more than 30 years later, we come here to commemorate. We will never forget the June 4th. We feel that the future will still change. We have great hope and want China to become better and better." Participate in this parade Blue is a 23 -year -old Chinese student studying in the United States. He told the reporter that before the Communist Party fell down, he did not intend to return to China. Based on security issues, Bruce was unwilling to disclose his real name.
Buru said that when he applied for a passport when the new crown epidemic broke out, he quickly flew away from China: "I often watch YouTube programs and turn over Twitter. It's not easy to come out again, so I was more nervous at that time, and I was about to come out. "
Buru said that he knew about the June 4th incident because of the use of wall turning tools. Otherwise, the young people around him did not know the June 4th incident: "Many people in China do not know that there are so many Chinese government for so many people. On the one who knows, many people don't know the real history. Like 1964, I asked them when I was in college. They didn't know these things at all. Many people did not know the slaughter of Xinjiang. "
On the evening of June 2nd, the Democratic Party of China launched the June Fourth Parade in the urban area of Manhattan, New York (Photo by reporter Tang Yuanyuan) Chinese students: The white paper movement encourages me to stand up bravely 
Another Chinese student Xiaohua, another Chinese student who participated in the parade, is 24 years old. She told this reporter that she read an English paper in high school and learned that the Democracy Movement in 1989: "I actually had always been very good before the white paper movement. Pay attention to some social movements, and after the white paper movement (let me) feel safer and less lonely, you can come to participate in these public mourning activities. "Also based on security reasons, Xiaohua is unwilling to disclose the real name.
Xiaohua said that she was worried that participating in related activities would affect her family in China, but she still wanted to make a meager force for Chinese democracy: "You should not do things because you should not be afraid, and this is not considered doing things. I just come to participate in the event. This is the least. "
American citizens participated in the June 4th parade: I love Chinese culture but China needs to change 
At the same time, American citizen Ali (Ali) and his family also joined the parade halfway. Ali said that his girlfriend was Chinese, so he also wanted to make a force for China's democratization process: "The United States is not a perfectness The country, but China is inhuman. I love China and Chinese culture, but we need great changes. ... I saw this parade on the road and asked the participants what this parade was related. After listening to it After that, I decided to join. "In response to the joint participation of young people, Wang Juntao, the sponsor of the June 4th parade and co -chairman of the National Committee of the China Democratic Party, said that the issues that have paid attention to different generations may be different, and the historical burdens that have been carried out are different. Supporters, but the younger generation is also fighting for freedom China in its own way.
Wang Juntao said: "If you see young people here, you should not (feel) strange, because our common ideals and common goals will be oppressed by an autocratic tyranny. However, if you (here) There are few young people you see, and you should not (feel) strange, they are actually using their way. "
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Responsible: 梒 梒 网 Editor: Jesse
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/tj-06032023115304.html 
"May 35": Can Hong Kong's "June 4th Memory" transplant Taiwan? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-03T13:55:00Z
Description: The Hong Kong June 4th Memorial Drama "May 35th" cannot be performed in Hong Kong. What does this year's first move to Taiwan -what is the meaning of Hong Kong people and Taiwanese? Can Hong Kong gradually "clean" in June 4th, can it be transplanted and landed in Taiwan? DW interviewed teams and scholars understand their answers.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['德中关系', '谷歌', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '香港', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '中国', '雨伞革命', '香港政改']
Id: 65816201
The one -handed "May 35th" Lieminghui came to Taiwan to support stage dramas. She said that for her, June Fourth "is not just a wound of history, but the wound that I live and bleed now."
(Voice of Germany) "I want to go to the square, yes, you are most afraid of what I do. I want to go to the square, go to the place where Zhezhe is killed, and cry." Hong Kong's stage play "May 35" performed in Taiwan for the first time. The repertoire kicked off in the pain of Xiaolin's long -standing bereavement to A Tai.
The protagonist Xiaolin and A Da of "May 35" are family members of the dead people of the Tiananmen incident. In order to pay for the end of the cancer, the wife Xiaolin's wish, her husband A Da is determined not to avoid talking about June 4th. June 4th suppressing the dead son Zhezhe mourn.
This stage drama was born in Hong Kong. It was written by the well -known screenwriter Zhuang Meiyan and produced by the art drama troupe "June 4th stage". When the 30th anniversary of 2019 was premiered in Hong Kong, the anti -repair campaign broke out. That year was the last performance in Hong Kong in "May 35".
In 2021, the "June 4th stage" announced its own dissolution, and former chairman Liehui Hui moved to Britain with copyright. This year, the International Amnesty Organization Taiwan Branch was authorized to cooperate with the Taiwan Theater Troupe "Xiao Theater" to move the "May 35th" to the Taiwan stage for the first time, performing 6 consecutive games in Taipei, including a Cantonese reading drama. It is estimated that there are more than 1200 more than 1200 Famous audience.
On the stage, "May 35th" tells the process of the family members of the victims never talked about June 4th to the forward square; in reality, the drama itself has witnessed the huge changes in Hong Kong that can no longer openly mourn.
The International Terminal Taiwan Branch stated that this is the first time that it commemorates June 4th in Taiwan in Taiwan.
"Cleaning" 
"In the past, there were no sensitive words in Hong Kong. It was said that" May 35 "was a bit ridiculous that the mainland could not say June 4th, and I never thought that the transformation was so fast." Lie Zhihui, invited to Taiwan to watch the performance, sighed in an interview with DW. "In the past so many years in Hong Kong, we have freedom, and now there is no freedom to mourn."
Hong Kong used to be the largest cities in the world in the world. The Candlelight Gate of Victoria has a history of more than 30 years, attracting tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of people each year. This year, the candlelight will be the last 4 consecutive year, and it will be renamed the hometown market to celebrate the "26th Anniversary of the Motherland" by the group group.
When the Hong Kong Security Director Deng Bingqiang talked about June 4th, he only referred to the "special day"; when the chief executive Li Jiachao responded to whether the citizens could mourn their own mourning, the police believed that the offenders would decisively law enforcement. A large number of books are removed from the museum, and the June 4th book is almost clear](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/公共圖書館撤書挨批-特首借書須符香港利益/a-65633101); The "Pillar of Guo Yan", which is stored in the University of Hong Kong, was also used by the Hong Kong Police Inspection as an investigation Essence
List of Hui Hui described that the Communist Party of China is trying to "clean" the memories of June 4th in Hong Kong, but Overseas Hong Kong people will continue to mourn in their own way "Even if it is very small, it is likely to buy a book, maybe wearing a dress, and maybe a candle."
Hong Kong used to be the largest cities in the world in the world. The Candlelight Gate of Victoria has a history of more than 30 years, attracting tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of people each year.
"Hong Kong and Taiwan on May 35" meaning 
In 2020, the Gengzi version of "May 35" was not performed by the "Hong Kong National Security Law" and the new crown epidemic. The version of that year was specially adapted to add the picture of the streets of Hong Kong.
Lie Zhihui told DW that after the anti -repair campaign, it commemorated the new significance in the hearts of many Hong Kong people. For her, June Fourth "is not just a wound of historical, but my living and bleeding wound now."
"In the past June 4th, the first thing I thought of was the students who died that year. I would think of Tiananmen's mother and the mainland rights protection. But every few years to June 4th, I would like to think of friends in Hong Kong. Because some of them are still prison, they are still waiting for trials, and they have been detained for more than 2 years under the case of unruly. The crime of regime, facing 10 years or even life imprisonment. "
She said that she hoped to pass the alarm number to Taiwanese audiences with "May 35": "The CCP's authoritarian regime will actually affect Taiwan ... I hope it can connect everyone and let us maintain a universal value, not simply surrounding June 4th, not simply surrounding June 4th, not, not simply surrounding the June 4th, not to surround the June 4th. (But) How can we connect, fight for democracy and oppose autocratic regimes. "
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Democratic Goddess 
Under Tiananmen Morning Daxi, the protesters used plastic foam and gypsum to set up a democratic goddess about 10 meters high on the metal bracket. The goddess location is facing the statue of Mao Zedong on the building of Tiananmen City. In the early morning of June 4, soldiers used tanks and armed vehicles to push the statue.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Singing female police officer 
Before the Chinese government suppressed, the situation was tense, but citizens often sent things to soldiers and police. Sometimes, the entry into the city will sing patriotic songs with the demonstrators. The policewoman in the picture was singing on Tiananmen Square, and a few days later, the army entered, and the democratic movement was suppressed by force.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
struggle 
On June 3, 1989, a day before the June 4th suppression, a woman was sandwiched among the democratic demonstrators and the army near the Great Hall of the People. In the midnight of the day, the 38th Army fired to the non -incompetent people, and finally seized Tiananmen Square, which was occupied by the demonstrators for weeks.#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
The weapon seized 
One day before the suppression, thousands of demonstrators were around a bus, and a weapon seized on the top of the car. After the government announced martial law, the soldiers and demonstrations had a subtle relationship. The demonstrators sometimes send gifts to the soldiers to condolences, and the troops have temporarily retired.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Fight for democracy 
In the middle of the night on June 3, a armored carrier car just broke through the roadblocks built by the demonstrator and were surrounded by the demonstrators in front of the party's party. At the same time, martial arts soldiers not far away are preparing to fire the demonstrators.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Burning soldiers 
On the evening of June 3, the demonstrators ignited a armored carrier on the Chang'an Street in Tiananmen. This is the last photo taken by photographer Jeffwidner that night. Soon after that, he was accidentally hit by a brick thrown by the demonstrator. Although suffering strenuous brain shocks, because the camera in the hand offset most of the impact, Wednel escaped the robbery and was not in danger of life.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
suppression 
On June 4, the first day after the democratic movement led by the student was bloody, a truck loaded with a soldier patrolled on the Changan Street in front of the Beijing Hotel. On the same day, a soldier similar to a truck fired at the tourists standing in the lobby of the Beijing Hotel.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
"Tank Man" 
On June 4, a lonely man holding a shopping bag stood in the middle of Changan Street, trying to block the way of tank formation. Twenty -five years later, this person's final fate is still unknown. This scene has become one of the most symbolic images of the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
dead hero 
On June 5th, a group of people showed a picture of a local native place on Chang'an Street. The deceased on the screen was allegedly a demonstrator who shot shot in the process of seizing Tiananmen Square. The huge wound on the deceased showed that soldiers used Dam. Amnesty International Organization believes that at least 300 civilians were killed.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Clean 
After the army suppressed the democratic movement, two women were cleaning the square, and behind them were a bicycle that had been burned. In the protest movement, several cars and military vehicles were burned, and some soldiers died or injured.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Defense Mao Zedong 
A few days after the suppression, soldiers and tanks were always guarded in front of Tiananmen Tower.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
brother side by side 
In late May 1989, the Associated Press Photography reporter Weiderne (left) and Chinese photographer Liu Xiangcheng took a picture in front of the Forbidden City. At that time, they may not expect that a few days later, the Chinese government used force to suppress the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
Author: jeff widner/Shi Tao
For "May 35" to move Taiwan, DW recently contacted the original book Zhuang Meiyan to inquire about his views. She said she was busy with the creation of new script and had no time to be interviewed for the time being. However, when asked if she could presented a presence in Taiwan, she replied that the social movements that occurred in Hong Kong after 2019 and everything that happened later made her understand the importance of citizens' quality, media, education, and record history.
Zhuang Meiyan said that she hopes to pass to the audience: "As a Hong Konger, I deeply feel that I have lived in a social happiness with information opening and freedom of speech. But the most important thing is to take care, look at beautiful things, and look at justice. "
Zhong Boyuan, director of the Taiwan version of "May 35", told DW that how to present "Taiwan epitome" is the primary thinking when adaptation. He said that although the stage play tells the story of the June 4th story in China, when the actor speaks Taiwanese Mandarin or Aboriginal tone and Taiwanese comes out from time to time, the audience is likely to be illusory, "this is really telling a Taiwan story."
In addition, the Taiwanese version used 3 banned songs and Sunflower Xueyun songs "The Island Tiantu" during the martial arts period of Taiwan. It is transitional justice, and there is still a long way to go. "
Zhong Boyuan said that Taiwan now naturally enjoys democracy and diversification or freedom, but sometimes it may be forgotten, "How to make everyone know that it is not easy, or in a free situation, how to avoid the next time when they are oppressed. Only to do something. In fact, I think it is the greatest significance reflected in this work. "
Qiu Yizheng, president of the International Territory Organization, said that he hopes to use stage dramas to make Taiwanese audiences better understand June 4th and pay attention to the current situation of human rights in China and Hong Kong.
Director Zhong Boyuan (first from left) said how to present "Taiwan epitome" is the primary thinking when adaptation.
Scholars: Memory erase is not easyLin Zonghong, a researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Technology and Director of the Contemporary China Research Center of Tsinghua University in Taiwan, told DW that the June 4th incident itself was "the struggle between memory and forgetfulness." When the June 4th memory of Hong Kong was suppressed, overseas Hong Kong people were continuing this common memory in various ways in Taiwan and transformed into a symbol against Beijing's totalitarian. 
Wu Ruiren, an associate researcher at the Taiwan Central Research Institute who studies nationalism, also believes that although the public memory of June 4 in Hong Kong is disappearing, "this disappearance does not mean that memory is really erased because memory is a delicate thing."
For example, "Hong Kong is now very similar to Taiwan in the 228 era, and has experienced a very serious, whether it is physical physical or mental slaughter." The 228 incident was strictly prohibited from talking in the martial arts era of Taiwan, but it was passed down by folk mouth, not only did not disappear, but more ingrained; Hong Kong people were highly global ethnic groups. Taiwan is better. "It is not so easy to erase and identify the memory."
Wu Ruiren believes that the people of overseas Hong Kong people commemorate the June 4th is a practice of preserving the traditional memory and identity of the Hong Kong nation. "This is a long struggle that has just begun."
No comments No Comments Enter Taipei to commemorate the 33rd anniversary of the 64th anniversary 
Hong Kong "June 4 Memory" transplant Taiwan? 
But compared with Hong Kong, Taiwan is generally colder for June 4th. Can the June 4th memory of Hong Kong transplant Taiwan? Wu Ruiren believes that it is not easy objectively. He explained that this was because the significance of June 4 in Hong Kong and Taiwan was completely different.
Wu Ruiren pointed out that in the hearts of the Hong Kong democratic school that claimed to return to democracy in June 4th, it inspired a stronger sense of responsibility for Chinese democracy. It was not until the umbrella movement and anti -repair campaign, and the young local generation re -defined the meaning of June 4th. However, the process of democratization in Taiwan has always been rooted in the local area. The local factions have regarded June 4 as "other countries' affairs". Taiwanese who commemorate June 4th also start from the position of Chinese nationalism. Universal human rights value.
In addition, Wu Ruiren continued to point out that Taiwan was very good Hong Kong a few years ago, but after the outbreak of the Ukrainian war, because it was worried that similar conflicts might happen to Taiwan, and isolationism became more obvious. Cooling "," This is why I don't think Taiwan can take it to take over or transplant. "
However, Wu Ruiren emphasized that Taiwan has its own history and memory. The current geopolitical crisis will also give June 4th to commemorate the new meaning, such as democratic output or co -resistance. He believes that the so -called transplantation "the growing things must be different, including what has been in Hong Kong in the past, but it also includes things in our Taiwan ... Finally, a new thing that is combined together."
Taiwan scholar Lin Zonghong also pointed out that although Taiwan has no way to fully carry the collective memory of Hong Kong people, it may not be as lively as the June 4th Memorial event in Hong Kong in the past, but it provides at least one commemorative occasion.
"Some people holding different historical memories can start a dialogue here, and then re -create a new, more diverse common memory ... it must not be a simple transplant, or put the past ones The drama will repeat it again -every time the play is restarted, it will become a new life. "
In this regard, Lieminghui believes that Hong Kong and Taiwan experience different experiences and can understand the different reactions of the two places to the June 4th. However, she pointed out that art and drama are a good breakthrough form, which can have a deeper connection with the locals. "May 35" is welcomed in Taiwan this time, not necessarily because the audience is interested in June 4th, but this is also a deeply infectious family story. She said that she will continue to do "May 35" in the future, hoping to connect more people around the world.
"I don’t return to Hong Kong, because this is a high risk that I do now, and I think this is a price. If you choose to return to Hong Kong, you may have the opportunity to be arrested and detained .. So I decided to decide If you don't return to Hong Kong, I will continue to do "May 35", "she said.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
One anniversary commemorative 
On June 4, 1990, the people of Hong Kong took the streets for the first time to commemorate the first anniversary of the Tiananmen Massacre. From this year, the Hong Kong Federation will organize large -scale mourning activities each year. As the democratic movement in 1989 was a taboo topic in mainland China, Hong Kong gradually became the center of various types of memories related to June 4th.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 

Since 1990, on the evening of June 4, the Victoria Park in Hong Kong has held a candlelight party to mourn the June 4th death and express freedom of democracy. The number of participants is tens of thousands, as many as 100,000 people (according to the number of the organization's branch association, generally higher than the public announced the number), it is the world's largest June 4th commemorative event. (2015 information picture)
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
The old man of Tiananmen 
In 2013, the Taipei people held a candlelight party to commemorate June 4th and support the Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo in the prison. Liu Xiaobo is one of the representatives of the 89 Democratic movement, and together with Zhou Ru, Gao Xin, and Hou Dejian, he became "the four gentlemen of Tiananmen".
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Taipei 
On the 30th anniversary of June 4th, Taipei held a special commemorative event. Earlier, the inflatable "tank man" art device was built by Taiwanese artist Shake in front of the Taipei Zhongzheng Memorial Hall. Democrats such as Wang Dan and Zhou Fengsuo who experienced June 4th attended the present.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Three places on both sides of the strait 
Taiwan's June 4th commemorative activities are far less than Hong Kong in scale and history, but in recent years, they have received more attention. In 2020, despite the impact of the epidemic, more than 3,000 people still participated in the candlelight mourning party in Taipei. As Hong Kong and Macau banned the June 4 rally on the grounds of prevention of epidemic prevention this year, Taiwan became the only place for three places on both sides of the strait to commemorate June 4th.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
June 4th Memorial Hall 
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
殇 殇 
On the 30th anniversary of the June 4th of 2019, the work of Hong Kong college students cleaning Danish artist JensgalSchiøt "Pillar of Guo Yan". It has been exhibited at various universities in Hong Kong and is now standing on the Huangke Running platform of the University of Hong Kong. Traditionally, the branch association sends people to wash the sculpture on the eve of June 4th every year.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Rebellion under the epidemic 
In 2020 under the new crown epidemic, the authorities have not approved the June 4th rally for the first time in 31 years due to epidemic prevention and restrictions. However, tens of thousands of Hong Kong people still came to Victoria Park to burn the candle.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
again banned again 
In 2021, the Hong Kong authorities banned the June 4th Memorial Party again. After the Hong Kong National Security Law came into effect a year ago, the space and free space for Hong Kong society were further squeezed. At the same time, Macau's folk June 4th commemorative activities have been banned for the second consecutive year.

News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/《5月35日》：香港「六四記憶」能移植台灣嗎？/a-65816201?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The young people of the "June 4th Massacre 34th Anniversary" before the Chinese Embassy of China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T19:34:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T00:20:39-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Reporter Wang Yun shoot
The "34th Anniversary Meeting of the June Fourth Massacre" hosted by the Chinese Student and Scholars' Autonomous Federation of the United States, held at the square in front of the Chinese Embassy in the United States at 2 pm on June 3. Many student leaders of the Tiananmen Democratic Movement and more than a hundred democrats from all walks of life went to the scene to participate in the rally, especially young people.
Not being blocked by thunderstorms to block young generations participating in the June Fourth Parade of New York * Democratic Goddess Statue before Washington held a six -fourth candlelight mourning event The June 4th Leaders of the June 4th Memorial Hall of New York reiterated to the pursuit of freedom China determination * Special Report on the 34th Anniversary of June 4th: Young women who take the microphone on the square 
This is a rally that has persisted for thirty -four years. The organizers are still the United States.
 
Due to the white paper movement that swept many cities across the country at the end of last year, this year's June 4th Massacre Memorial Society especially emphasized the role of young people in the democratic movement.
More than a hundred student leaders of the Tiananmen Democratic Movement and democrats from all walks of life went to the scene to participate in the rally on the spot(Reporter Wang Yun shoot) Guo Yan, a member of the United Aesthetics, and the doctoral student of Georgia University, quoted the verses from Columbia University in the United States in the opening speech. , We are free under the iron chain, "" We used to stand in front of the tank, we also stood on the Sitong Bridge, we are still standing here today, we will stand in front of you tomorrow. "
Wei Jingsheng, chairman of the Chinese Democratic Movement Overseas Joint Conference, was also relieved in his speech for the rise of the new generation of democracy. There are interesting. "This sentence attracted warm applause from everyone.
Wei Jingsheng (Middle), chairman of the China Democratic Movement Overseas Joint Conference, spoke on -site (Reporter Wang Yun) Many of the Chinese people who came from New York and other parts of the United States this time. According to Wang Juntao, chairman of the National Committee of the Democratic Party of China, this time from New York, 17 cars came from New York, with a total of 98 people. The reporter saw at the scene that most of them were the faces of young people.
Zhu Xinhai, who is only 18 years old, comes from the south of Houston in the south. He spoke at the meeting, "I believe that young people in China after thirty -four years later, they are still there, and I believe they are still a group of hopeful people." He said that from the university campus last year In the hands of white paper, he saw hope, all of which express the rebellious spirit of young people in China.
Chinese student Zhu Xinhai(Reporter Wang Yun shoot) 
Attorney Chen Chuangchuang, the CEO of the All Democratic Party Committee of the China Democratic Party, said in the award to Ruan Xiaohuan, who is still in prison to this day, saying, "Through this anonymous expression, anonymous identity, Ruan Xiaohuan can think independently and is not affected by external interference and pressure. This behavior of being courageous to express and adhere to his personal point of view reflects his respect and pursuit of freedom of thinking and speech. When privacy and Internet freedom have become a very important issue at the moment, Ruan Xiaohuan can be said to be a finger -bright lamp. ","
After the commemorative ceremony was over, more than 20 people participating in the rally completely trapped the huge posters of the "Pillar of Guo Yan" printed with the June 4th victims and walked slowly from the road in front of the Chinese Embassy. For a while, the top of the "Pillar of Guo Yue" on the paintings was facing the Chinese flag fluttered on the top of the Chinese Embassy.

Activity scene photo(Reporter Wang Yun shoot) Reporter: Editor Wang Yun: 网 王 网 Editor: Jessi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/wy2-06032023190759.html 
Russia said that the border was fired again by cross -border attacks 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-03T22:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-03T22:20:05+00:00
Description: (Moscow, Moscow, 3rd) Russian local officials said that the Ukrainian cross -border shelling operation has killed two people at Belgorod (Belgorod) at the border near the Ukraine. The region has been attacked many times this week.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that recently, Belgore's border village has been attacked before. After the latest incident, the total number of deaths has reached 7 this week.
The state governor Vyacheslav Gladkov said, "From this morning, the Shebekino area has been shot by the Ukrainian armed forces."
He said that a "elderly woman" was killed, and another woman died of injuries.
In addition, two people were injured in the shells.
The shelling area was most affected by the shelling area, and local residents poured into the refuge of the capital Bergot.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230603-%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E7%A7%B0%E8%BE%B9%E5%A2%83%E5%86%8D%E9%81%AD%E8%B7%A8%E5%A2%83%E6%94%BB%E5%87%BB-%E9%85%BF2%E4%BA%BA%E4%B8%A7%E7%94%9F 
On the eve of the 64th anniversary, 4 people were arrested by the Hong Kong police for inciting and disrupting order 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-03T23:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-03T22:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 3rd) On the eve of the 34th anniversary of the Annmen incident in June 4th, the Hong Kong police arrested 4 people on the streets of Hong Kong's dull districts on the grounds of "inciting behavior" and "disturbing order".
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that in China, the bloody suppression operation in Beijing in 1989 has always been a highly sensitive topic. For decades, Hong Kong has been the only city in China to hold a large -scale Tiananmen incident commemorative event. However, with the implementation of the Hong Kong National Security Law in 2020, the annual night -length activities have been banned.
Near the busy Causeway Bay Business District today, Agence France -Presse reporters witnessed the police who didn't seem to do anything special at all -push on the police car.
In the evening, the police announced that they had arrested 4 people and were charged with "destroying order in public places" and "behavior with incitement".
Police said on the official Facebook page that four other people were suspected of "destroying peace" and were detained to "assist in investigation." The police did not disclose the identity of the detention.
Earlier, Hong Kong artist Sanmu (Chen Shisen) repeatedly shouted on the streets of Causeway Bay, "Don't forget the June 4th!", "Hong Kong people, I'm shocked (don't be afraid)." The police pushed him to the police car, a police officer, a police officer He shouted to him: "Stop making incitement."
According to reports, Chen Meitong, a well -known behavior artist, was also taken away by the police. Agence France -Presse reporters witnessed that before the police stopped the search by the police, Chen Meitong wandered in a bustling district.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230603-%E5%85%AD%E5%9B%9B34%E5%91%A8%E5%B9%B4%E5%89%8D%E5%A4%95-4%E4%BA%BA%E5%9B%A0%E7%85%BD%E5%8A%A8-%E6%89%B0%E4%B9%B1%E7%A7%A9%E5%BA%8F%E9%81%AD%E6%B8%AF%E8%AD%A6%E9%80%AE%E6%8D%95 
"Maintaining historical memory is the resistance to totalitarianism" The 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of the 64th anniversary was launched in Washington, New York 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T23:24:08+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 11:08:59Z
Description: On June 2nd, on the occasion of the 34th anniversary of the suppression of the June 4th day, the long -established June 4th Memorial Hall opened in Manhattan, New York. In the evening, the demonstrators who protested the June 4th slaughter of the Communist Party of China and marched to the Chinese Consulate General in New York. Not only did they have student leaders who were wanted by the Communist Party of China that year, but also many of the "post -90s" who grew up under the monitoring of the Chinese Communist Party under the monitoring of the CCP.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['纪念六四', '美国', '人权', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/june4th-commemorative-events-in-ny-dc-20230603/7121614.html 
Biden officially signed the debt limit bill to escape the crisis of disaster breach of contract 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-03T23:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-03T23:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Washington, 3rd) The White House announced that President Biden has officially signed a bill to increase debt limit. After several weeks of fierce disputes, the bill was approved by Congress, which also avoided catastrophic breach of contract.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to Agence France -Presse, after Biden signed the "Fiscal Responsibility Act OF2023" today, the bill officially became a law. The bill can extend government borrowing rights to 2024, while reducing federal expenses.
Biden also gave a speech to the American people from an oval office earlier. He mentioned that after several weeks of debate, Congress finally passed the debt -limited bill, saving the country from "economic collapse."
Beiden was sitting behind the historic "ResoluTedESK" and told the people through the golden period of time that the deadlock between the Democratic Party and the Republican Party was a kind of compromise that "no one was completely satisfied". Essence
He emphasized: "We avoid the economic crisis and economic collapse ... There is no higher risk than this."
The U.S. Treasury has previously warned that if the debt limit problem has not been resolved on the 5th of this month, the US $ 31 trillion debt in the United States may breach contract. The US debt default may cause market panic, a large number of unemployment and economic recession, affecting the world.
However, although the bill passed in time, the reputation of the US economy was still hit. The International Credit Institution "FITCH" said today that although the United States has passed the debt limit bill, it still leaves the US AAA credit evaluation on negative observation lists temporarily.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230603-%E6%8B%9C%E7%99%BB%E6%AD%A3%E5%BC%8F%E7%AD%BE%E7%BD%B2%E5%80%BA%E5%8A%A1%E4%B8%8A%E9%99%90%E6%B3%95%E6%A1%88-%E8%BA%B2%E8%BF%87%E7%81%BE%E9%9A%BE%E6%80%A7%E8%BF%9D%E7%BA%A6%E5%8D%B1%E6%9C%BA 
Argentine female colleagues harassing male colleagues harassed and killed the feminist group parade demonstration 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T-10:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T06:35:01+00:00
Description: (France -France -France -France -France -France, Buenos Aires, 3rd) Argentina's female colleague reported harassment and was killed by the man for 7 shots. Local feminist groups were urged to take action during the 8th anti -sex violence parade today, and they also called on all walks of life to see more victims.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The feminist group held the first "Ni Unamenos" demonstration in 2015. To this day, this representative slogan also evokes people's concerns about the economic inequality suffered by women. Many people believe that the inequality of the economy limits the ability of women to break away from danger, and thus see it as a form of violence.
Before the demonstration of this year, Rocio Gonzalez, a 25 -year -old woman named, was just killed by male colleagues.
Gong Sarez reported that he was harassed by the colleague 2 during his lifetime. The last time was that last month, the judge issued a protection order, and the man ordered the man not to approach the victim within 200 meters. In response to this rule, the two men's tables are also mobilized to ensure that they will not be encountered at work.
The violence of women is still a major issue in Argentina. According to data from the Supreme Court of Argentina, there are as many as 250 criminal victims who killed women (Femicides) last year, of which 88%of the victims met the attacker and 59%of the attackers in the case. It is a victim's partner or a former partner.
One of the non -governmental organizations and demonstrations, one of the "La Casa Delencuentro (temporary translations) warning:" This number has not declined. " Victims such as Gong Sarez.
In the statement, the House of Judie said: "The measures taken so far are still insufficient, although we have seen changes ... (but) to overthrow the social and cultural change in the patriarchal system. Murdered by the reason. "
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E9%98%BF%E6%A0%B9%E5%BB%B7%E5%A5%B3%E4%B8%BE%E6%8A%A5%E7%94%B7%E5%90%8C%E4%BA%8B%E9%AA%9A%E6%89%B0%E7%AB%9F%E9%81%AD%E6%9E%AA%E6%9D%80-%E5%A5%B3%E6%9D%83%E5%9B%A2%E4%BD%93%E6%B8%B8%E8%A1%8C%E7%A4%BA%E5%A8%81 
The UN special envoy calls on the Myanmar election to start a political dialogue before the election 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T-12:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T06:50:02+00:00
Description: (France -France -France -France, Geneva, 3rd) The UN special envoy said today that if Myanmar held a general election without a "inclusive political dialogue", the local violence would deteriorate.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On June 12th, Noeleen Heyzer, a special envoy of the United Nations (UN), said that she met with an exile national unity government foreign minister Zin Mar Aung.
In a statement, the United Nations pointed out that in yesterday's talks, Haize "warned the Myanmar military to try not to attempt to destroy the democratic system and process, such as dissolving the opposition party."
Haize warned: "In the absence of inclusive political dialogue and not allowing citizens to exercise their rights freely, the election proposed by the military may worsen the violence."
Haize said that any dialogue should focus on people who are affected by conflicts, including women and youths.
In February 2021, the Myanmar military was unprecedentedly pointed out in the 2020 election fraud to overthrow the election government led by the democratic leader Aung San Suu Kyi. Since then, Myanmar has been turbulent.
The Myanmar Military Government announced the third time in February this year that it will extend the state's emergency situation for another 6 months. The election in August will be delayed until February next year.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E8%81%94%E5%90%88%E5%9B%BD%E7%89%B9%E4%BD%BF%E5%91%BC%E5%90%81-%E7%BC%85%E7%94%B8%E5%A4%A7%E9%80%89%E5%89%8D%E5%BA%94%E5%B1%95%E5%BC%80%E6%94%BF%E6%B2%BB%E5%AF%B9%E8%AF%9D 
The number of landslides of the stock market decreases 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T-4:29:00Z
Description: Last year, the global downturn stock market also greatly shrunk the wealth of many rich people. The number of millionaire clubs is significantly lower than in previous years.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '通货膨胀', '德国', '股市', '留学德国', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选']
Keywords: ['股市', '货币政策', '通货膨胀', '全球财富报告', '美国', '德国', '房地产']
Id: 65803536
(Voice of Germany) The global stock market's landslide last year also made many rich people's money bags a lot. According to data released by the consulting company Capgemini, the number of people with at least one million US dollars of investment assets was reduced by 3.3%to 21.7 million globally. %, Fell to $ 83 trillion. Kaijie said that this is the year when the total assets and total number of total assets and total have fallen in the past ten years. "The unstable factors of geopolitical and market environment have caused this result."
In Germany, the number of "Millionaire Clubs" in 2022 decreased by 20,900 compared with 2021, a decrease of 1.61 million. The total assets of these rich people fell by 2.2%to $ 6.1 trillion. In 2021, the total assets of the rich man also increased by 7.4%to $ 63 trillion. Throughout Europe, the number of rich men in 2022 decreased by 3.2%compared to the previous year, and total assets fell to 182 trillion. The total wealth of the rich man in North America decreased by 7.4%to 256 trillion.
third 
According to Kajie's evaluation, although wealth has shrunk, but in the ranking of the number of million rich people around the world, Germany still ranks third in Germany Essence The first ranking is still the United States, the number of million rich people is 6.9 million (7.46 million in 2021), Japan ranks second, and the number of millionaires is 3.55 million (3.65 million in 2021), while China ranks fourth. The number of net assets (HNWI) is 1.5 million (1.54 million in 2021). In the global wealth report released by Kaijie in 1997, the assets that take care of them include stocks, fixed income securities, private equity and other alternative investment, cash and non -self -use real estate. Collection and consumer goods are not calculated.
In 2022, the German stock index fell more than 12%.
Other analysts also agree with the trends depicted by the Kajie report: As early as October last year, Allianz Insurance Company issued a global financial asset report every year It has been said that after the growth period of more than 10%for three consecutive years, in 2022, due to the influence of the Russian -Ukraine war, currency tightening policy, and inflation, global wealth is expected to decrease by 2%. This will also be after the 2008 financial crisis. The maximum wealth shrinks.
Federal Bank of Germany also said that due to the landslide of stock markets in 2022, German shareholders have suffered heavy losses. As of the end of 2022, German private families including cash, stocks, deposits, and insurance returns, which were 7254 billion euros, were significantly lower than the 7624 billion wealth levels recorded at the end of 2021. The German Dax stock index fell 12.3%last year, and MDAX, which reflects the situation of the small and medium -sized enterprise stock market, declined by 28.5%.
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/股市滑坡-百万富翁人数减少/a-65803536?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Messi will leave Paris Saint Jehmann to switch to Saudi Arabia to play football 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T-4:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T07:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France-Presse, Paris 3rd) Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) Paris will play the team's last game this season today. The team announced in the community media that Messi (lionel ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Saint Jendan, who has won many times in Ligue 1, said in a general expected announcement in the outside world: "After two seasons in Paris, Messi's adventure in Paris Saint Jendan will end in the 2022-23 season. Later, let's say. "
The team said that at the PSG home "Parc Des Princess" at home, the 35 -year -old Messi will play a key role.
After Messi from Argentina, after leaving the Spanish Class A Football League (La Liga) two years ago, FC Barcelona was signed by the French Class A Football League (LIGUE1) Paris St. Jendan. It is a pity that the UEFA Champions League (UEFA Champions Cup) is unfortunately violated.
Last season, St. Jendan, Paris, lost to Realmadrid in the Champions League Cup 16. Two weeks ago, he defeated the top 16 of the Champions League to the German Football League (Bundesliga) Bayern Munich (FC Bayern) Munich).
Messi, who has won the Ballon D'O or the highest honor of the football at 7 degrees, is estimated to be 30 million euros (about NT $ 1 billion) in the annual salary of Saint Jendan in Paris.
In December last year, Messi led Argentina to defeat France in the Cada World Cup.
Messi has played 74 games for Paris Saint Jendan so far and scored 32 goals, but he will still be booed by some fans at home.
Messi had previously missed the drill and went to Saudi Arabia to fulfill his obligation to perform as a tourist ambassador, which further worsened his relationship with Saint Jendan in Paris.
He was then forbidden for one week by St. Jendan, Paris, and since then he was hopeless to sign the New Testament with St. Jendan, Paris.
Barcelona, who played most of Messi's career, hopes that he can "return to the nest", but this possibility has continued to decrease in recent weeks.
On the contrary, Saudi Arabia may be his next place.
According to reports, Inter Miami CF also wants to bring Messi to Major League Soccer (MLS).
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230604-%E6%A2%85%E8%A5%BF%E5%B0%86%E7%A6%BB%E5%BC%80%E5%B7%B4%E9%BB%8E%E5%9C%A3%E6%9D%B0%E6%9B%BC-%E4%BC%A0%E8%BD%AC%E5%BE%80%E6%B2%99%E4%B9%8C%E5%9C%B0%E9%98%BF%E6%8B%89%E4%BC%AF%E8%B8%A2%E7%90%83 
Japan introduces a new policy: investing 3.5 trillion yen per year "give birth" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T-7:28:00Z
Description: The Japanese government announced that it would invest about 3.5 trillion yen a year. The decline in birth rate has seriously affected the society in many aspects of society.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '日本']
Keywords: ['日本', '催生', '出生率', '人口老龄化', '劳动力短缺']
Id: 65807886
(Voice of Germany) The Japanese government announced specific measures on Thursday (June 2) to suppress the decline in birth rate by increasing financial support for children's families.
The Japanese government said it will reverse this trend of about 3.5 trillion yen (about $ 25 billion or 23.5 billion euros) per year. Although the decline in birth rate has affected many developed countries, it is particularly serious in Japan.
From birth to two years old, parents will have the right to obtain allowances of about 15,000 yen (about $ 107) per month. Children over 3 years old will get 10,000 yen, and the age coverage will be expanded to high school.
According to the draft policy, the state will no longer use household income as the standard for issuing parenting allowances. The government also plans to open a childcare or day care center for children, even if their parents do not work.
Starting from fiscal 2025, the Japanese government will also increase childcare fake benefits. Even if both parents are reconciled, the disposable income of the family will remain unchanged for up to four weeks.
These measures also include increasing paid parenting leave and subsidies for fertility treatment.
Why do you want to introduce this "birth" policy? 
Data show that in Japan with a population of 125 million, the number of births of the year last year was less than 800,000. It has reached a new decline in eight years earlier than expected.
Japanese Prime Minister Kishita Kishita proposed the plan in March, at the time he stated that he was proposing "the policy of declining birth rates in unprecedented scale" And seeking income of childcare.
He said to a group of ministers, experts and business leaders: "We will continue to take these measures to cope with the problem of decline in birth rate without asking the public to bear more burdens."
Japan is the second largest aging country in the world after Monaco, and its relatively strict immigration policy means that it is facing the problem of labor shortage.
A public opinion survey from Reuters shows that more than nine -tenth Japanese companies have a sense of crisis on accelerated fertility rates.
At the same time, the cost of taking care of the elderly is also soaring. The Kishida government was criticized for failing to rely on the sources of funds that reducing expenses and eager to improve the economy.
Japanese women have something to say 
(Agence France -Presse, Reuters, Kyodo Society)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/日本出台新政策：每年投入3-5万亿日元-催生/a-65807886?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Ambassador of Lebanon in France was controlled by sexual assault 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T-7:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T07:20:04+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Berut, 3rd) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Lebanon said today that after reporting that Berut's ambassador to France, Rami Adwan, after being charged with sexual assault and deliberate violence, the Lebanon Foreign Ministry will send an investigation team to Paris.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Sources familiar with the investigation told AFP that after two former embassies employees filed a complaint, France launched an investigation into Edwang and confirmed earlier media reports.
The French government urged Lebanon authorities to cancel Edwang's diplomatic exemption and let him accept trials.
The Lebanon Foreign Ministry said in a statement that it has decided that "the investigation committee led by the Secretary -General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ... Go to the Paris Embassy to ask the ambassador and listen to the statement of the ambassador."
The statement added that the investigation committee will meet with the French authorities to "clarify the content of the media report and the content that has not been conveyed to Lebanon Foreign Ministry through diplomatic channels."
Sources close to the investigation confirmed that the French news survey media MediaPart said that a 31 -year -old former employee appealed in June 2022, saying that she was sexually assaulted in the private apartment of the ambassador in May 2020.
According to the complaint, she has something to do with the ambassador, and the ambassador to her physical and mental violence and humiliation every day.
Another complaint was a 28 -year -old woman who complained in February last year that she was attacked by her body after refusing to sex.
The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs told AFP last night: "Given the seriousness of the above facts, we believe that the Lebanon authorities need to cancel the exemption of the Lebanon Ambassador to Paris to facilitate the work of the French judicial authorities."
Edwang appointed a lawyer that his parties had objections to all forms of aggression allegations, including verbal, moral and sexual allegations.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E9%BB%8E%E5%B7%B4%E5%AB%A9%E9%A9%BB%E6%B3%95%E5%A4%A7%E4%BD%BF%E9%81%AD%E6%8E%A7%E6%80%A7%E4%BE%B5 
Genetic technology -The long -lasting development of grain production 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T-9:28:00Z
Description: Around genetic food, there are various uneasy rumors. But in fact, with the continuous improvement of genetically modified technology, more and more experts believe that persistent food production has gained important and safe methods.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 科技环境
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['转基因食品', '杂交', '水稻', '全球人口', '饥饿', '粮食生产 健康 质量 消费 温饱 成本 营养 饥饿']
Id: 65808887
(Voice of Germany) For environmental protection, food production is simply a disaster. According to the "World Database" of the Internet magazine, agricultural production should not only be responsible for the quarter of the carbon dioxide emissions of the atmosphere, but also the most important persecution of biodiversity.
While the environment is destroyed, the global population is also growing. The United Nations predicts that in 2057, the global population will reach 10 billion. So the question is, how can we increase the grain output by 50%? Can you reduce the serious consequences of losing the diversity of biological diversity as much as possible? Is genetic technology the key to solving this problem?
Matinqaim, the director of the Food Economic Expert and Director of the Development Research Center of Bonn University, said: "We have now realized that expanding the area of grain planting is the culprit that causes climate change and harmful biodiversity. That is to say, in order to protect the environment, We must plant grain planting as much as possible. "
How can I feed 10 billion people? 
Kaim said that in general, if you want to increase the output of food under the premise of protecting the environment, we must pay attention to two points: "One is that we must change the diet and pay attention to the durability of food consumption. Create less garbage and eat less meat. The second is that we need better technology to launch more favorable environmental protection agricultural production methods. "
On the one hand, we must change the way to produce food. For example, reduce consumption from the protein and nutrition of animals. But this is not enough to solve the problem. Kaim and other experts believe that genetically modified technology will become an important foundation for continuous food production.
"Everyone hopes to get the highest output on the smallest area, and it cannot use pesticides and pesticides too much. Is it a good thing? "
What is genetically modified food? 
After the biological genes are changed, their characteristics will also change. Through the transformation of crop genes, not only will the yield increase, but also the resistance to pests and pests will also be improved. It can also tolerate drought and frost, and may also allow crops to provide more nutritional components.
In addition, crops can be optimized to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, thereby improving the sustainability of agricultural production. Although the popularity of genetically modified technology is getting higher and higher, the planting area of genetically modified food only accounts for 10 % of the total area of arable land.
Replanet is a non -governmental organization alliance dedicated to stop climate change and protect biological diversity with scientific means. The spokesman of the alliance DavidSpencer said to Germany: "GMI is actually a common technology in the process of plant culture. The hybridization technology used for thousands of years has been very similar. In fact, its technical means have become more exquisite, so that we can change plants faster and more accurately. "
Flood disasters are one of the natural enemies of rice planting.
GM technology was first used in agricultural production in the United States in 1994. After modification of tomato genes, its maturity period became slow, and the storage period was extended. Since then, genetically modified technology has also been allowed to be put in soybean, barley and rice planting. At the same time, genetically modified bacteria also appeared, which can produce more protein.
Indian scientists have developed SUB1 -resistant rice, which greatly improves the ability of this rice to fight flood disasters. Flood disasters are the main problems of rice planting areas in northern India and Bangladesh, and with the changes in climate, flood disasters have become more serious and frequent. At present, 6 million farmers in the region are planting SUB1 to flooded rice.
The so -called golden rice is to improve the vitamin A content in rice through genetically modified technology to cope with the shortage of vitamin A in the Asian -African region.
Discussion caused by genetic technology 
There are still many people who have doubts about genetically modified technology. A poll in 2020 shows that half of the respondents from more than 20 countries skeptical of the safety of genetically modified food.
Thirty years ago, when genetic technology had just appeared, even in the academic circle, some people doubted the safety of genetically modified foods Essence But this situation has changed today.
Rhodes made analysts of South African Biological Safety Organizations in in -depth research on the safety of genetically modified foods. He said: "We already have thirty years of experience and data. These data tell us that in terms of consumption, genetically modified foods are very safe and have no harm to the environment."
Roders believes that now in any country, the use of genetically modified technology needs to obtain government approval. "After being approved by planting and commercial operations, it also needs a long stage of research and development and experimental stage."
Mengshan has broken the reputation of genetically modified food 
Kaim said that in discussions involving genetically modified technology, people often mix genetically modified technology with corporate industrialized planting. The bad effects caused by Mengshan are still shrouded in the entire industry. "Some people are worried that companies such as Mengshan will continue to promote a large amount of vicious agricultural production models that use pesticides and a single planting, and buy seeds to farmers at high prices." Kaim said that the above issues are more manifested in related technologies. Supervision, not genetically modified technology itself.
Due to the serious use of pesticides, Mengshan made the entire industrial crop planting industry ashamed.
"Kaim said:" A small number of enterprises dominated industrialized agricultural production, this model itself is a mistake. But this has nothing to do with the genetically modified technology itself. Forbidden genetically modified organisms are like drug smuggling and pornography, so it is forbidden to prohibit The Internet is the same. "
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/基因技术-粮食生产的持久发展之路/a-65808887?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Russian air strike in Ukrainian urban residential area 2 -year -old child was killed and 22 people were injured 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T0:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T07:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Kiev, 4th) Ukrainian officials said today that the enemy's air strikes in a residential area in central Ukraine City last night, a two -year -old girl who was killed and 22 were injured.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Ukraine President Volodymyrzlenskyy blamed the air strike on Russia, and also said that there are still people trapped in rubble piles. Local officials said the air strike destroyed several houses, merchants and a natural gas pipeline.
Agence France -Presse reported that Diebero Governor Serhiy Lysak wrote on Telegram that after an air strike, a girl's body was found in the wall of the broken Yuan, "she was just 2 years old."
He also said, "In addition, 22 people were injured, 5 of them were children."
Raysak said earlier that three boys were treated in the hospital, and their situation was critical and died. (Translator: Ji Jinling)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E4%BF%84%E7%A9%BA%E8%A2%AD%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E5%9F%8E%E5%B8%82%E4%BD%8F%E5%AE%85%E5%8C%BA-2%E5%B2%81%E7%AB%A5%E4%B8%A7%E5%91%BD-22%E4%BA%BA%E5%8F%97%E4%BC%A4 
Mother Tiananmen: "Never forget that dark night" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T04:15:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T16:03:47-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Members of the "Tiananmen Mother" group, who sacrificed the victims of the June Fourth Fourth Fourth Fourth Fourth 4th in the Beijing Wanan Cemetery, could not be a speech. Wan'an Cemetery Sixth Fourth Difficulty is provided
On the day of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th "June 4th", several members of the family members of the family members of the June 4th April "Mother of Tiananmen" went to the Beijing Wan'an Cemetery to commemorate the deceased of the Beijing Wan'an Cemetery under the monitoring of the public security. Tiananmen's mother group said that as the relatives of the deceased, they would never forget that dark night. On this day, some netizens launched a one -day hunger strike for June 4th Simpling Festival. On Saturday night, social accounts such as WeChat and QQ in China were banned from changing avatars.
4 people arrested 4 people on the eve of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th * Human Rights Organization of the 34th Anniversary of the June 4th Incident urged the Chinese government to recognize the responsibility of slaughtering the city "June 4th" is difficult to adhere to the commemoration of the members of the Hong Kong Federation of the Hong Kong Branch Federation, the "June 4th" * How did the Chinese Communist Party make 1. Shifu -four people suffer from "June Fourth Amnesia"? 
On June 4th, Tiananmen Square and surrounding were tightly alert. Police also checked passers -by's ID card. In the morning, Mr. Li, a foreign province of Tiananmen Square, told this station: "I am in Beijing, and there are face recognition cameras around Tiananmen. You pass by, and the police are shouting. , Register, there are many plainclothes. As long as you commit a little, you will be criminally detained. "
Under the high alert of Beijing Police, six June 4th Difficulties were wearing black clothes to commemorate their relatives who were killed during the June 4th period. (Provide by Wan'an Cemetery 64th Difficulties) [On WeChat, QQ and other chat tools, no one commemorates the white chrysanthemums and candles of the June 4th anniversary on the 6th anniversary of this year. In this regard, Mr. Li said: "In previous years, there were all the commemorative days. This year, the suppression is particularly ruthless. Now you have arrested you." The June 4th incident has passed 34 years, but it is still the most controversial and sensitivity in Chinese history. One of the events.
 
Mr. Tian, Hunan Internet, told this station that on Saturday night, the WeChat and QQ of domestic netizens were banned from changing their avatars. On the day, there were still one day on the "June 4th Silent Simpling Festival": "Maybe there is no previous commemorative popularity, but there are still. Today is (human rights lawyer) Tang Jingling advocated the quiet thinking festival. People in our group have a hunger strike for one day to protest. Most people will remember this day. Tencent QQ and WeChat have not let you modify your avatars from last night. "
On the morning of the same day, Yu Weijie, a spokesman for the "Tiananmen Mother" group in Beijing, member Jinping, Yuan Blade, Hao Jian, Duan Changqi, etc., under the "escort" of the Beijing Police, went to the Wan'an Cemetery to commemorate them in the June 4th incident. A loved ones. Zhang Xianling, 86, has not been present because of physical discomfort.
In the early morning of June 4, netizens in China cannot replace WeChat and QQ chat tools. (Provide by Wan'an Cemetery 64th Difficulties) [ June 4th difficulty: never forget that dark night 
In the live video, the six difficulties were wearing black clothes and bowed to the deceased. Jin Ping, the wife of Yang Yansheng, a victim of June 4th, said in his speech: "The 34th anniversary of June 4th passed. On this unforgettable day, we all gathered in the Wan'an Cemetery in the western suburbs to memorize us on June 4, 1989. A relative ... ".....In the spring of 1989, large -scale protests occurred in Tiananmen Square, Beijing, and tens of thousands of students and citizens gathered on the square to demand political reform and oppose corruption. However, under the suppression of the authorities, this movement ended with a tragic ending.
On the 34th anniversary of June 4th, many Chinese netizens launched the June 4th Silent Festival activities for one day. (Provide by Wan'an Cemetery 64th Difficulties) [ The telephone communication of the mother group of Tiananmen Mother group was blocked 
On the same day, this station called Tiananmen's mother, You Weijie, Zhang Xianling and others, but it was unable to connect. The reporter called Zhang Xianling's landline many times, but the reporter could hear the other party speak, and the other party could not hear the reporter's voice. Zhang Xianling's family said on the phone: "Hey ..., don't call overseas calls. Now it's monitoring. Your overseas phone is cut off and you can't hear your voice."
The event attracted the attention of media and public at home and abroad. Many people believe that the strength and courage of "Tiananmen Mother" are moving, and they call on the Chinese government to face up to history, pursue the truth, and explain to those innocent dead.
On June 4th, at all parts of the world to commemorate this important moment. In the United States, Taiwan, and Hong Kong, there are private organizations rally or individuals' sD activities to express their nostalgia for those who have lost their lives or arrested in prison, and and also Call on the Chinese government to re -examine the matter.
Reporter: Editor -in -chief: Chen Meihua Xu Shu Ting Shenyi.com editor: Jesse
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt-06042023041129.html 
Serbia's capital demonstration expands the performance of comprehensive anti -government activities 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T04:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T04:05:01+00:00
Description: (French Xinhe Belgeler 3rd) After two shootings in Serbia killed 18 people, tens of thousands of people on the streets of Belgrade were furious on the streets of the capital today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A total of 1 month ago, the first campus attack case in Serbia had the history of the country. Nine of the 13 -year -old suspects were primary school children. The next day, another 21 -year -old man shot and attacked in the suburbs of Belgra, causing 8 people to be killed.
Today's rally is the fifth protest of the past month.
Agence France -Presse reported that the "Serbia Anti -Violence" protest was the largest demonstration of demonstrations in more than 20 years, and the large -scale protests of the year eventually led to the steps of strong man Slobodan Milosevic.
The anger of the demonstration of the demonstration of the ruling party broke out, stating that the government and its control of the media incite the culture of violence.
Bojana Popovic told AFP during the rally, "I protested here for all of us, especially for my children."
This week's protests were planned by a number of pro -European opposition parties. The original schedule was held yesterday. However, after the extremely right -wing group announced that they would also attend the event, the event was prolonged to the appearance of today.
For some TV channels that publicize violent content, demonstrators demanded that the government has revoked its broadcast license; and some of the pro -government newspapers who provoked nervous government for disagreement, demonstrators also demanded ban. In addition, they also demanded that the Minister of the Interior and the Commissioner of the Intelligence Department resigned.
At first, the demonstration rally was calm, but after the president and his allies strongly refuted demonstration demands, and laughed at the rally, abused people who went to the streets, the peaceful rally evolved into a comprehensive anti -government protest.
Critics have been accusing the Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic for many years, relying on autocracy, making oppositions chaotic, and letting the media and national institutions in his control.
Wugic scolded the protest as a "political" gimmick. He also spread the conspiracy theory, pointing directly at the planning of foreign forces to intervene in related assemblies.
The opposition has made some requirements, hoping to set up a transitional government before the new election; 53 -year -old Wutcic has rejected the request and said that "as long as I am still alive," this will not happen. (Translator: Ji Jinling)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E5%A1%9E%E5%B0%94%E7%BB%B4%E4%BA%9A%E9%A6%96%E9%83%BD%E7%A4%BA%E5%A8%81%E6%89%A9%E5%A4%A7-%E6%BC%94%E6%88%90%E5%85%A8%E9%9D%A2%E5%8F%8D%E6%94%BF%E5%BA%9C%E6%B4%BB%E5%8A%A8 
Taiwan has set off #Metoo boom Wang Dan and blue -green politicians are all controlled by sexual harassment 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T05:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T16:16:32-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The netizen of Li surnamed publicly showed that Wang Dan had sexually harassing him 9 years ago, and asked to apologize otherwise. A reporter Li Zonghan.
On the day of June 4th, a netizen named Li came forward to accuse Wang Dan's sexual harassment in Taipei, and asked Wang Dan to apologize before midnight on the 6th of Taipei. Wang Dan responded again. Taiwan recently set off "#Metoo"(Mi Rabbit) The upsurge of sports, blue and green are named politicians.
* Wang Dan's seizure of sexual harassment "Li Yuanjun" was interviewed for the first time 
The netizen Li surnamed Li two days ago, he posted a post on his personal Facebook. He was invited to the United States at the invitation of Wang Dan 9 years ago and was sexually harassed by Wang Dan. On the morning of the 4th, he was accompanied by Taipei City Councilor Lin Liangjun and rewritten his face -to -face way.
Netizen Li said that on the evening of June 6, 2014, at a restaurant in New York, Wang Danqiang was kissed and "attempted rape." He said that in the next few days, Wang Dan harassed his words from time to time, intentionally or unintentionally implying that trying to occur. He said that because he had no relatives in the United States and his language was not unreasonable. For more than a week, he was worried about being afraid, and finally returned to Taiwan in advance.
A netizen with the surname of Li takes the screenshot of the dialogue as a testimony 
Some netizens questioned his allegations, and netizens named Li took out a screenshot of his conversation with Wang Dan and pointed out that Wang Dan passed the message at 447 pm on May 30, 2014, "Wait for you in New York", Called this is a clear invitation. He also announced a few photos of Wang Dan's private residences, comparing live with Wang Dan, and the positions such as hanging paintings and table lamps are completely coincided, proving that he has indeed been there.
Because Wang Dan responded to the relevant allegations with "no sexual harassment" and "memory gap", the netizen of Li surnamed Wang Dan told Wang Dan that he had relevant evidence such as recording in his hand, asking Wang Dan to apologize or not. "If before June 6, when the community did not apologize to the bullied or harassed, or even infringement, I would bring evidence to the prosecutor."
"Welcome to the statement to support the truth of the matter in a legal way." Wang Dan made the above response when he accepted the testimony of this station.
The netizen of Li showed a screenshot of the dialogue with Wang Dan, proved to be invited by Wang Dan to the United States.(Reporter Li Zonghan Photo) Why did the engine from revealing the engine before June 4th? 
Netizens named Li revealed the so -called sexual harassment inside story. The June 4th Memorial Museum, which happened to be involved in Wang Dan, was unveiled on the same day in New York. Netizens named Li actively explained that June 4th is a very important day for democracy in the world, but it is also a stain. He said that Wang Dan stood in front of the tank at that time to suppress human rights to fight the power of the Communist Party of China. But now he is facing Wang Dan, "like the person standing in front of the tank car."
"I'm scared. I think if I am not careful, I may be killed by your tank. You have too much power than me. You have too much halo, and your hand can even reach politics or The academic circle. "Li surnamed Li said.
The netizen of Li surnamed Li once complained to the two former Taipei City councilors. However, he said that he was unstable in physical and mental condition nine years ago, and he was worried that he would be discredited into "Chinese assaults", so he stopped. Now that several recent political workers have revealed sexual harassment and inappropriate treatment in the workplace, they have given him the courage to stand up.
 
In addition to the netizen surnamed Li, a text worker also posted that during the past study at Tsinghua University in Taiwan, he was also sexually harassed by Wang Dan. Wang Dan responded on the 3rd, "Why did so many allegations suddenly emerged in just a few days, I have no intention of speculating. I believe everyone has their own judgment."
He said that he would not respond one by one, and it would take a lot of energy and time. He gave judgment to netizens. He respects whether he believes or not believes. He also thanked his friends who believe in him. Wang Dan emphasized that it will not stop being promoted because of these ups and downs, including the June 4th Memorial Hall and Think Tank "Dialogue China". Objury people publish works. "Not only will not stop, but also work harder."
Taiwan politics set off #Metoo trend She quoted a well-known line of the recent political rammed drama "Candidate-Creator". Drop, you will die. "
In addition to Xu Jiatian, this post was in the Taiwan politics frying pot. At that time, Lin Feifan, deputy secretary -general of the DPP, also apologized for "ignoring the reason behind the parties not to take the appeal channel". Immediately after another female party worker was accused of being sexually harassed by his classmates, he reported to the then director of the youth department that he also forced her to apologize on the grounds of influencing the atmosphere of the department.
Regarding the sexuality of the party in the party, Lai Qingde, the current chairman of the Democratic Progressive Party, has repeatedly apologized to the victims and Taiwanese society. "Personal safety and rights are the most important.
Former Democratic Progressive Party and Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen also posted on Facebook that in the past two days, the victims were revealed one after another. Essence "As a former party chairman, he is blame. To express his deepest apology to the victim's friends and the public."
Coincidentally, the Blue Camp also had politicians that were named and involved in the sexual show. Dong Chengyu, general manager of Mirror Literature, revealed on Facebook that a political figure who was the county chief and now the legislators. Grab her hand, and even suddenly stood up and "hug her head -in -law." According to its description, it is speculated that the Kuomintang legislator Fu Kunzheng, Fu Kunyi also issued a statement saying, "If there is any sexual harassment, please tell me!" Hou Youyi, a presidential candidate called by the Kuomintang, issued a statement calling on the Party Central Committee to "never ignore this."
The #METOO movement of Taiwan's political scene has been spreading more than ten in less than a week, and there are still how many unsteady bombs have been not exploded.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Chen Meihua Xu Shushen Shenyi.com Editor: Jessi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/hcm1-06042023114630.html 
Guest comments: Why do Taiwanese know June 4th? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T05:19:00Z
Description: June 4, 2023 was the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th Incident". The Chinese Democratic Games that took place in 1989 finally ended with bloody suppression. This once resonated with freedom and democracy in Taiwan, but many years have passed, the CCP's centralized rule has become more stable, and Taiwan has continued to deepen democracy and move towards different roads. Even so, Zeng Zhihao, a Hong Kong media who lived in Taiwan, screamed that Taiwanese could not pay attention to June 4th.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['谷歌', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '香港', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '台湾', '六四事件']
Id: 65818108
On the day of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th, Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen Facebook wrote: "We look forward to it, one day, young friends in China can sing freely. When creating expressions, there is only enthusiasm and worry."
(Voice of Germany Chinese) June 4, 1989 How long has it been? I do n’t have a good mathematics. I may have to use a computer for a few years? Perhaps this, 89 June 4 has gone to a year, that is, Hong Kong has no years in June 4th.
Hong Kong Victoria Garden is not without June 4 rally Hong Kong citizens also did not have the freedom of chartering at the theater that night, and the Hong Kong Theater has no room for the purpose of the June 4th drama. By the way, the Democratic Statue has long been thrown like Hong Kong's "democracy". In June 4th in 1989, it was such a long time that he was still commemorating June 4th yesterday. Today, he also became the object of commemorative.
In the era of Great Immigration, Chinese people with June 4th Memory And Hong Kong people are scattered, some candlelights also spread all over the world , But in the face of the biggest challenge, I do n’t know how to discuss June 4th.
The Taiwanese have their own suffering 228 disaster. They do not agree with the Taiwanese in China. They cannot participate in the June 4th rally with "mourning dead compatriots". Ukraine issues that are occurring are not possible to occupy the layout of Taiwanese every day, let alone the history of 1989?
So why, do Taiwanese pay attention to a tragedy in Beijing that happened many years ago?
The answer is simple: because the regime that created this slaughter tragedy still exists, and it is quite close to Taiwan. Many Taiwanese do not know this history, or they do not pay enough attention to this past. This is lively, we are from evil.
Under the force of the Communist Party of China, the Taiwanese have a strange thought: Don't stimulate the CCP, communicate frankly, in exchange for prosperity and peace.
And the specific "don't stimulate the CCP", including not to go too close to the United States, do not have too many military purchase, do not increase service periods. It seems that as long as these "non -exciting" actions are done, the CCP can get along well with Taiwan, and even some people even have someone. There may be fantasy: "It's good to be unified like this."
I will ask them to take a look at the history of June 4th. At that time, the students in Tiananmen did not go too close to the United States, did not buy military, and did not receive military training, but in the end they still got "force suppression."
Therefore, Taiwanese people must understand that the so -called "don't stimulate the Communist Party of China" is actually equivalent to not stimulating a person who is a G point. You can't do it.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
One anniversary commemorative 
On June 4, 1990, the people of Hong Kong took the streets for the first time to commemorate the first anniversary of the Tiananmen Massacre. From this year, the Hong Kong Federation will organize large -scale mourning activities each year. As the democratic movement in 1989 was a taboo topic in mainland China, Hong Kong gradually became the center of various types of memories related to June 4th.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 

Since 1990, on the evening of June 4, the Victoria Park in Hong Kong has held a candlelight party to mourn the June 4th death and express freedom of democracy. The number of participants is tens of thousands, as many as 100,000 people (according to the number of the organization's branch association, generally higher than the public announced the number), it is the world's largest June 4th commemorative event. (2015 information picture)
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
The old man of Tiananmen 
In 2013, the Taipei people held a candlelight party to commemorate June 4th and support the Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo in the prison. Liu Xiaobo is one of the representatives of the 89 Democratic movement, and together with Zhou Ru, Gao Xin, and Hou Dejian, he became "the four gentlemen of Tiananmen".
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Taipei 
On the 30th anniversary of June 4th, Taipei held a special commemorative event. Earlier, the inflatable "tank man" art device was built by Taiwanese artist Shake in front of the Taipei Zhongzheng Memorial Hall. Democrats such as Wang Dan and Zhou Fengsuo who experienced June 4th attended the present.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Three places on both sides of the strait 
Taiwan's June 4th commemorative activities are far less than Hong Kong in scale and history, but in recent years, they have received more attention. In 2020, despite the impact of the epidemic, more than 3,000 people still participated in the candlelight mourning party in Taipei. As Hong Kong and Macau banned the June 4 rally on the grounds of prevention of epidemic prevention this year, Taiwan became the only place for three places on both sides of the strait to commemorate June 4th.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
June 4th Memorial Hall 
The June Fourth Memorial Hall of Hong Kong has been temporarily located in Jiulong since 2012, and has moved to urban universities and Tsim Sha Tsui. It has been repeatedly settled during the new hall site and was forced to close it many times. In 2018, the Branch Federation will purchase real estate in Mong Kok as the new site, and re -opened the museum in April 2019. After the renovation of the rest of the museum in April 2021, it was reopened at the end of May, but after a few days, it was closed again by the authorities on the grounds of "incomplete licenses".
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
殇 殇 
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Rebellion under the epidemic 
In 2020 under the new crown epidemic, the authorities have not approved the June 4th rally for the first time in 31 years due to epidemic prevention and restrictions. However, tens of thousands of Hong Kong people still came to Victoria Park to burn the candle.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
again banned again 
In 2021, the Hong Kong authorities banned the June 4th Memorial Party again. After the Hong Kong National Security Law came into effect a year ago, the space and free space for Hong Kong society were further squeezed. At the same time, Macau's folk June 4th commemorative activities have been banned for the second consecutive year.
The June 4th students demanded that the "anti -officials, anti -corruption, anti -corruption" of the specific practice, did not shout the slogan of "down" and "step down" to the leaders; "Li Peng stepped down" was in May. On the 20th, the State Council issued a "martial law order" that the student movement was "severe turmoil" before the slogan of the students shouted.
In other words, student rally can already stimulate the CCP's use of force. It can be seen that the CCP has such a DNA that solves the problem by force.
The Taiwanese face this kind of Hulk (Hulk) who is angry at any time. If you still think that the initiative is in his own hands, as long as he obediently obedient, he can enjoy peace. It is too naive. It is provocative with the United States, and it is also provocative to put forward reform requirements to the regime. Today, Taiwanese people can do any citizen's actions that can do on Kaigaland Avenue, provoking Beijing. Therefore, the history of June 4th clearly informed that the Communist Party's force would not be able to use military aircraft missiles, or it was a tank machine gun. The nature is consistent.
Taiwanese can ask Jiang Wanan to apologize repeatedly for the 228 incident, but Tiananmen's mother, not to mention that Xi Jinping apologized, but hoped that the family members of Tiananmen to tell their sorrows and suffering freely, and it was not allowed.
The biggest revelation of June 4th is to show the officials of the officials.
Zhao Ziyang sympathized with the students and was placed under house arrest; Li Peng was tough and martial arts, and was called "comrades" by the party after his death. In the past, the martial law of students in Beijing also moved to the low -end population of Beijing today, and this kind of cool officials were in charge afterwards. It can be seen that different forms of June Fourth, under the governance of the Communist Party of China, are still staged, and officials also understand that only if it is tough for the people can they pass the political barrier; then, there is really no reason for Taiwanese people to feel that they can become the exception of the "people". Essence
In June 4th this year, a candle was on the land in Taiwan, because there was one less place where the candle was ordered; under the candlelight, you would see more clearly, who is a friend and who is a threat.
Peng Zhihao is a Hong Kong media. He used to work in Radio Hong Kong and served as the host of the current affairs sarcastic show "Headline News". He currently lives in Taiwan. _ _ 吧 _
_ The Voice of Germany is committed to providing you with objective neutral news reports and showing a variety of angles of comments and analysis. Comment and analysis in the article only represent the author or expert's personal position. _ _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/客座評論：台灣人為甚麼要知道六四？/a-65818108?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
On the 64th anniversary, Wang Dan was trapped in sexual show storm 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T05:58:00Z
Description: Wang Dan, the leader of the June 4th Academic Games, was charged with sexual harassment by a Taiwanese man, including strong kiss and attempted rape. The accused held a press conference on the 34th anniversary of the June 4th, asking an apology, otherwise the announcement was required. Subsequently, Wang Dan responded: Welcome to the statement to support the truth of finding things in a legal way.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '中国', '台湾', '六四事件', '中共十九大', '专题报道：六四30周年']
Keywords: ['王丹', '性骚扰', '#MeToo', '台湾', '中国', '六四']
Id: 65818250
Wang Dan denied sexual harassment three times and stated that he would continue to work hard to commemorate the relevant work (data photos) in June 4th.
(Voice of Germany in Chinese) On the eve of the 34th anniversary of June 4th, Wang Dan, a leader of the June 4th National Student Games and a well -known democratic movement, was accused of a Taiwanese man and sexually harassed him in the United States 9 years ago. The accused person held a press conference on Sunday (June 4) to explain that the incident had passed that year, and proposed the relevant evidence that Wang Dan got along in the United States that year.
"Why can you speak for the person who stood in front of the tank car in front of the tank car, and continued to bring such a halo, and stepped on the souls of those who once sacrificed under the rape of the CCP. Standing here? Can you see it? When they reach their human rights, you can pay attention to their human rights and pursue these democracy and freedom, but I face you now, face Wang Dan, I am like the person who stands in front of the tank car. "Facebook turns the name Li Li On the day of the 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of the reinforcements, a press conference was held.
Li's reinforcements continued: "I'm scared, because I think if I am not careful, I may be killed by your tank. You have too much power than me. You have too much halo. Your Hands can even extend to politics or academic circles to suppress me, but I can only tell me that I am not afraid. "
The man named Li (middle) held a press conference on the 4th to accuse him of being sexually harassed by Wang Dan 9 years ago.
Li Dungeon was a political worker in Taiwan and was the assistant to the party member of Taipei City, Lin Liangjun. Accompanied by Lin Liangjun and the lawyer, he held a press conference in the Taipei City Council. In addition to stating the experience of the year, he also presented a screenshot of the conversation with Wang Dan's Facebook that year, as well as a photo of his residence in Wang Dan.
Li Duori pointed out that after being sexually harassed by Wang Dan, he was afraid of being in the United States and Wang Dan. Before Wang Dan ended on June 6, Taiwan time, he apologized to him publicly, otherwise he would formally report it.
On the same day, Wang Dan responded to Facebook: "Welcome to the statement to support the truth of finding things in a legal way."

On the 2nd, Li's reinforcements publicly accused Wang Dan publicly. On the evening of June 6, 2014, at a restaurant in the Flushing area in New York, Wang Dan "strong kiss" and "attempted rape" at the age of 20.
He wrote on Facebook that he had just begun to participate in the social movement that year. A party met with the assistant of Wang Dan and his Xie surname. "Wang Dan", a character who once appeared in my historical textbooks, and his experience of being singled in the past, made me very longing for him, just like seeing a celebrity. "Later, Wang Dan invited him to go together to go to work together Beauty "see the world."
In the restaurant room in Flushing, New York, when Wang Dan was alone, he hugged him from behind the window and kissed him. "For a while, I hadn't responded yet, and Wang Dan pushed me to the bed, continued to kiss, and tried to unlock my clothes. I was scared at the time that I didn't know how to react. Push away. "Li Aid wrote.
Li Duori pointed out that he immediately said that he had just started the anal tube in the United States and had not recovered yet. Please ask him not to do so. "Although Wang Dan really took off, but in the next week, I continued to face his words of words, sexual harassment jokes, and continued to suggest me, I hope I would sleep with him." After reacting to the assistant to Xie Xie, I only reacted to the assistant of Xie. Get "the teacher is joking, don't take it seriously, he is just playing" and other responses, and has not been assisted.
Li Aid said that after 9 years of tolerance, "Every time when Wang Dan, a June 4th, will be spoken, I feel very disgusting and uneasy. I am afraid of this person, I am afraid of hearing his voice, I am afraid of seeing him. Look. "
The accused showed a screenshot of the dialogue with Wang Dan on the 4th, saying that Wang Dan issued a clear invitation to him to the United States; he also showed the photos that were said at Wang Dan's residence and compared with other public photos.
Wang Dan: There is no existence of sexual show 
After Li's reinforcements accused, Wang Dan, who is currently in New York, posted a 3 -point response on Facebook on the 3rd. He wrote: "First, what the author said does not exist at all. Second, the above has been clearly explained. I still have a lot of things to be busy and I will not respond. Third , My political activities will not be affected, and continue to advance. Today, the "June 4th Memorial Hall" officially opened, please pay more attention. Thank you. "
Wang Dan also pointed out: "The author himself said that he specifically chose the time point of" June 4th ", and he particularly emphasized how the political circles are about how to me. This expression has actually explained the problem."
Wang Dan responded that he was questioned by public opinion that he failed to respond positively. He sent an article later on the same day, "I was surprised to find that many netizens still thought that I did not respond positively." He said, "The other party's allegations, my cognition and my cognition and my cognition and my cognition and my cognition and my cognition There is a huge gap in memory. In addition, there are many students who have interacted with me, and some may have not contacted for a long time. It is really difficult for me to respond further about their unilateral text description. "
In response to Wang Danying, he publicly disclosed the matter at the June 4th time. Do n’t have intention, Li ’s reinforcements responded to the media on the 4th that he did not dare to see Wang Dan's information at all in the past 9 years, and even did not know that Wang Dan on June 2nd day I will participate in [the opening of the June 4th Memorial Hall] in New York(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/六四紀念館紐約開幕-特設香港民運展區/a-65811714)"The time for posting is a coincidence." I decided to speak up because of the recent appearance of many political workers in Taiwan society who came forward to accuse the sexual harassment incident and was encouraged.
Taiwan "#Metoo" storm 
Taiwan has recently revealed that there are many sexual harassment allegations. First, the Democratic Progressive Party of the ruling party broke out of four internal sexual harassment cases, which caused widespread discussion on local public opinion. In response, Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen publicly stated through Facebook on the 2nd, "As a former chairman of the party, I blame. I want to express the deepest apology to the victim's friends and the public."
In addition, the Chinese exile writer Beiling, who lived in Taiwan, was also accused of being sexually harassed by Jian Liying, a well -known writer in Taiwan and one of the Taiwanese dramas "candidates". Touch male sex organs, rubbing across the pants, etc.
In an interview with the Taiwan Central News Agency, Beiling said that he was accused of "this is completely a fabrication", saying that the other party "put what happened to others, or nothing happened to me." Keep your reputation right. "
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/六四週年之際-王丹陷性騷風暴/a-65818250?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The surgery is smooth but at least 5 months will be reimbursed by Nadal this season 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T06:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T05:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Madrid, 3rd) Nadal received a minimally invasive surgery of hip mirrors for hip injuries. His spokesman said today that the Spanish tennis star is very "good", but it will be recuperated for at least 5 months. Therefore, I am afraid this season is reimbursement.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Rafael Nadal has won 22 Grand Slam championships. He celebrates his 37th birthday today. In theory, he can return to the Davis Cupfinals in November.
However, Nadal may be absent from all the remaining events this season and wait for the return in 2024. He once said that 2024 will be the last year of his career.
The spokesman said during the operation of Nadal in Barcelona, Spain, "The operation is very successful. Generally speaking, the recovery period is about 5 months."
Nadal said last month that his hip injury did not improve as he wished, so he could not play for a longer time.
Nadal has won 14 championships at the French Tennis Open, which is the first time he has missed the French Open since 2004.
Next month, he will also be absent from the Winbaton Tennis Championship twice.
Nadal defeated the US player Mackenzie McDonald in the second round of the Australian Tennis Open in January. He was out of the case and suffered from his hip injury. He once hoped that he could recover within 6 weeks.
At the same time, Nadal's old opponent Novakdjokovic has the opportunity to win the third championship in his career. The men's player.
Jokovic was promoted to the French Open yesterday. This is the achievement of his achievements for 14 consecutive years. Tomorrow will compete with the top 8 tickets with the world -ranked Peruvian Pablo Varillas.
Angel Ruiz-Cotorro, a surgeon who performed a knife for Nadal, said "the chance of success is high."
As for how long it takes for Nadal to recover, Royce Conto, who serves as a medical consultant of the Spanish Tennis Association, told reporters at the French Open competition that any "hasty" move should be avoided.
He said: "We set the time limit for ourselves (5 months), because for athletes, setting a goal can stimulate his fighting spirit and help him recover his health."
"It is difficult to say if he can play in a state of 100%5 months later. He may need to rest for another month to recover."
He also acknowledged that Nadal was "not very happy" for the recent post -delay.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230604-%E6%89%8B%E6%9C%AF%E9%A1%BA%E5%88%A9%E4%BD%86%E8%87%B3%E5%B0%91%E5%BE%97%E4%BC%915%E4%B8%AA%E6%9C%88-%E7%BA%B3%E8%BE%BE%E5%B0%94%E6%9C%AC%E5%AD%A3%E6%81%90%E5%B0%86%E6%8A%A5%E9%94%80 
Biden signed a suspension of debt upper limit bill 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T06:46
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T08:23
Description: U.S. President Biden has signed a suspension of the US Federal debt limit bill to avoid the US government's catastrophic debt defaults. Reuters reported that Bayeng signed a bill in the White House on Saturday (June 3) to suspend the debt limit of US $ 31.4 trillion (about $ 42.4 trillion) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '债务违约', '拜登', '麦卡锡']
U.S. President Biden has signed a suspension of the US Federal Debt Limitation Act to avoid the catastrophic of the US government debt defaults Essence
Reuters reported that Bayeng signed a bill in the White House on Saturday (June 3) to suspend the debt limit of US $ 3.1.4 trillion (approximately $ 42.4 trillion) to January 1, 2025, while limiting 2024 and 2025 Budget expenditure.
Biden issued a post on the same day to announce the signing of the bill, and pointed out in the article that the bill made the US government avoid the first debt defaults in history, and also reduced government deficit, ensuring social security, medical insurance and medical subsidies, and and medical subsidies. Perform the obligations of veterans.
In the declaration of the Biden's signing of the bill, the White House thanked the House of Representatives, including the Speaker of the House of Representatives McCarthy, Republican leader Jeffris, McConnell and Democratic Party leader Schummer's cooperation.
On Thursday (1st), the Senate passed the suspension of the debt limit bill with a voting result of 63 votes in favor and 36 votes opposed to draw a period of desire negotiation for several weeks. The bill was subsequently signed by Biden.
Bayeng pointed out on Friday (2nd) that this is the major victory of the US economy and the American people.
The upper limit of debt is the highest amount of debt settled by the US Congress for the performer of payment obligations that has arisen. The suspension of the debt limit bill is the 103rd adjustment of the debt limit for the US Congress since the end of World War II.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401008 
From Berlin to Paris, June 4th mourn: The 64th anniversary event in many places in Europe 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (赵楠旭)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T06:58:48+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 11:10:15Z
Description: On the eve of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, mourning activities, including Berlin, Germany, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and Paris, France. On the first June 4th anniversary after the "White Paper Movement", some young people after the 90s joined the protests.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['纪念六四', '欧洲', '人权', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/from-berlin-to-paris-june-4th-memorial-events-20230603/7121857.html 
St. Jendan, Paris, announced that Messi left the team 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T07:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T06:50:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France-Presse, Paris, 3rd) Paris Saint-Geermain (PSG), which has won many times in Ligue 1, announced on social media that after the team's last game today, Messi, Messi, (Lionel ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In the announcement of Paris Saint Jendan's general expected announcement: "After two seasons in Paris, Messi's adventure in Saint Jendan in Paris will be prescribed after the 2022-23 season."
The team said that at the PSG home "Parc Des Princess" at home, the 35 -year -old Messi will play a key role.
After Messi from Argentina, after leaving the Spanish Class A Football League (La Liga) two years ago, FC Barcelona was signed by the French Class A Football League (LIGUE1) Paris St. Jendan. It is a pity that the UEFA Champions League (UEFA Champions Cup) is unfortunately violated.
Last season, St. Jendan, Paris, lost to Realmadrid in the Champions League Cup 16. Two weeks ago, he defeated the top 16 of the Champions League to the German Football League (Bundesliga) Bayern Munich (FC Bayern) Munich).
Messi, who has won the Ballon D'O or the highest honor of the football at 7 degrees, is estimated to be 30 million euros (about NT $ 1 billion) in the annual salary of Saint Jendan in Paris.
In December last year, Messi led Argentina to defeat France in the Cada World Cup.
Messi has played 74 games for Paris Saint Jendan so far and scored 32 goals, but he will still be booed by some fans at home.
Messi had previously missed the drill and went to Saudi Arabia to fulfill his obligation to perform as a tourist ambassador, which further worsened his relationship with Saint Jendan in Paris.
He was then forbidden for one week by St. Jendan, Paris, and since then he was hopeless to sign the New Testament with St. Jendan, Paris.
Barcelona, who played most of Messi's career, hopes that he can "return to the nest", but this possibility has continued to decrease in recent weeks.
On the contrary, Saudi Arabia may be his next place.
According to reports, Inter Miami CF also wants to bring Messi to Major League Soccer (MLS).
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230604-%E5%B7%B4%E9%BB%8E%E5%9C%A3%E6%9D%B0%E6%9B%BC%E5%AE%A3%E5%B8%83%E6%A2%85%E8%A5%BF%E7%A6%BB%E9%98%9F 
Representative of the United States to the DPRK: It will resolutely respond to the Korean nuclear attack 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T07:28
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T07:28
Description: 美国国务院对朝政策特别代表金成说，让朝鲜认清必将为加剧局势紧张的行为付出代价这一现实至关重要。美方将以压倒性的优势迅速、坚决应对朝鲜对韩国发起的任何一次核攻击。韩联社报道，金成星期...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['朝鲜半岛', '美国', '韩国', '朝鲜', '核武器', '弹道导弹']
The U.S. State Department said that the policy of special policies in the North Korea said that letting North Korea aware of the reality of reality will be expensive to exacerbate the tension of the situation. The United States will resolutely respond to any nuclear attacks in South Korea with an overwhelming advantage.
Yonhap News Agency reported that in a written interview on Saturday (June 3), Jincheng pointed out that the North Korean side characterized some military activities such as bomb -to -bombs as "testing for the use of tactical nuclear weapons", and the words and threats used by the statement were extremely not extremely not very unhappy. Responsible. It can be seen that the current situation is very grim.
Kim Cheng said that the United States will continue to communicate closely with allies and partners such as South Korea and Japan on contact with the DPRK, curbing the provocation of the DPRK, and coordinating the international community to deal with the issues of the international community to deal with issues such as North Korea's violations of the United Nations Security Council.
He also pointed out that in the face of the dangerous remarks of illegally enhanced nuclear guidance and exacerbating the situation, the relevant parties need to be cautious to take measures to strengthen the deterrence. measure. The realization of the Korean Peninsula's nuclear is the common goal of South Korea and the United States. The United States will continue to dispatch strategic bombers, dual capability fighters, related nuclear weapons, and nuclear combat power that can effectively curb nuclear conflicts in regional nuclear conflicts.
Talking about the UN Security Council's failure to take measures to deal with North Korean provocations due to the opposition of China and Russia, Kim Sung said that North Korea has indeed increased the launch of ballistic missiles without unity in the United Nations Security Council, which is regrettable. He called on China to urge North Korea to avoid further provocation, return to the dialogue track, and play a positive and constructive role.
As for restarting the issue of non -nuclearization with North Korea, Kim Cheng pointed out that in the face of unprecedented situations and intensity of North Korean ballistic missile launch, we still try diplomatic solutions. We have passed this information to North Korea through a variety of forms such as third -party, direct, verbal, and written, including the specific plan for humanitarian cooperation and crown disease. But North Korea has not responded to this day, nor does it show interest in restarting negotiations.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401009 
What happened behind the drone attacking Russia? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T07:28:00Z
Description: Russia has a new situation in the Ukrainian war: more often military attacks appear in Russian territory. What is going on behind this and how does the West react?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['莫斯科', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Id: 65803958
There is a drone attack in Moscow, and Ukraine is not responsible for it
(Voice of Germany) This is a spiral. As in the past few days, from Wednesday to Thursday night, Russia once again conducted a large -scale air strike on Kiev, and this time used missiles. It was reported that two women and a child died. The Belgrod region adjacent to Ukraine and Ukraine has reported the news that it was attacked again by firepower. It may be the "Russian Volunteer Legion" attack, which launched a operation from the Ukrainian territory. In addition, a Russian media said that a drone was shot down in the Camaraga region. The day before, a drone attack on Moscow and the surroundings became headlines around the world. Such drone attacks have appeared for nearly a year. The first is to target military and energy infrastructure, and the goal is not limited to the Ukraine region of Russia, including Crimea, but also includes Russia. One of the earliest attacks was a refinery in the Rostov area in June 2022. It is rare to attack in Russia. In December, the strategic Engels Air Force Base was attacked twice.
On May 3rd, the Kremlin said that he was attacked by the drone
Behind the drone attack on Moscow 
Ukraine usually shows that it is not responsible for these attacks. At the same time, Russia launched an attack on Ukraine throughout the territory, which frequently launched attacks such as various weapons such as missiles and missiles. From the perspective of losses and casualties, the two could not be compared. However, in the past month, drone attacks that are not close to the border areas have increased. This is how the same thing?
Experts have different opinions. Gerhard Mangott, an expert in Russia in Austria, believes that Moscow's air strikes, the fire attacks in the Russian border area, and the "guerrillas" moved there -s he said the "Russian Liberty Legion" and " The Russian Volunteer Russian Volunteer Corps "guerrillas" are said to be a Russian citizen-there is a connection between the three.
Russian border area has been attacked in Ukraine and said it has nothing to do with this 
Psychological tactics 
Manste said to Germany: "Obviously, Wufang hopes to bring the fear of war to Russia. I want people there to feel that the country cannot protect them, whether in the border area or in Moscow." He It is believed that this is the illusion that the Kremlin is trying to create in Russia's society without war and everything.
Gustav Gressel, a military expert at the Berlin think tank European Foreign Relations Committee
Gustavgressel, a military expert at the European Foreign Relations Committee of the Berlin think tank, believes that it must distinguish the situation of drone attacks and Belgrod. He told Germany that the drone attack of Moscow was a psychological war in the war. Grace believes that the attacks in Belgrod and the border areas are related to the counterattack of Ukraine. He believes that Kiev wants to force Russia to strengthen troops in border areas, and for this reason, a part of the force must be removed from Ukraine. As for whether this will increase the advantages of Ukraine's counterattack, it will be clearer after a few weeks.
'S reaction to drone attack Moscow 
The West responded cautiously to the new situation. On Wednesday, a German government spokesman said to Germany that international law allowed Ukraine to attack the Russian territory for self -defense, but he also added that Berlin opposed the use of weapons provided by Germany to Kiev for such operations. Ukraine's most important weapon provides a similar response to the United States. White House spokesman John Kirby said that he did not use American weapons during the attack on Moscow. He also emphasized that the United States does not support attacks on Russia.
Russia: Ukraine tries to assassinate Putin with drones 
F16 is only used for deterrence? 
Kiev hopes to obtain more weapons from the West, but some analysts believe that this is mainly a deterrent effect. At the recent G7 Summit of Japan, US President Biden said that Ukrainian President Zernezki promised that the F16 fighter that the country has always wanted to obtain will not be used to attack Russia. So far, Western partners have only decided to train Ukraine pilots, but have not decided to provide F16 fighters.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/无人机袭击俄罗斯的背后究竟是怎么回事？/a-65803958?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Who is making barriers to the global anti -plastic pollution convention? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T07:29:00Z
Description: Representatives from 175 countries gathered at a intensive negotiation at the headquarters of the UNESCO headquarters, hoping to reach a global treaty to deal with plastic pollution. Should we focus on native plastic or regenerative plastic? Environmental protection organizations are worried about the direction of negotiations.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 科技环境
Subjects: ['绿色和平', '能源转型', '联合国', '穹顶之下', '环境保护', '人权']
Keywords: ['环境污染', '环保', '反塑料污染公约', '联合国', '原生塑料', '再生塑料', '塑料污染']
Id: 65782004
Another scenery on the streets of Paris
(Voice of Germany) from the representatives of 175 countries gathered at the headquarters of the UNESCO. It began a five -day densely negotiated from Monday (May 29), hoping to reach a global treaty against plastic pollution. As one of the members of the organization, Espenbarth Eide, the Norwegian climate and environmental minister, dilutes the appeal of strictly restricting plastic production, but said that the so -called "native plastic" production should be reduced.
Norway is one of the initiatives of the Global Environmental Protection Alliance "High AmbitionCoality". Driven by the alliance, more than 145 countries hope to reach an agreement to end plastic pollution by 2025. Ed told Germany that with the development of the circular economy, the market's demand for new plastics will decrease.
"We agree that we need to reduce the output of native plastic." Aide said, "Of course, the less developed the circular economy, the less native plastic that needs to be produced."
UN Environmental Planning Department, which presides over the negotiations(UNEP)A document was released before the meeting, which advocated that plastic waste will be reduced by 80%by 2040. However, people think that it has largely avoided production problems and focuses on the circular economy.
Environmental Organization warned that negotiations focus on the recycling of plastic, rather than reducing the production of plastic first. The environmental protection organization "Green and Peace" calls for reducing plastic production to 75%of the level of 2017, as most plastics made of fossil fuels are still very difficult.
"If we focus on the end of the pipeline, the end of the pipeline, that is, the recycling of plastics, said a lot of false solutions, such as chemical recycling, cement kiln, or will be concentrated in the pipeline. Waste transforming into energy, we will lock ourselves in some of the worst effects of climate change. "
Minister of Climate and Environment, ESPEN BARTH EIDE
How serious is the problem of plastic pollution? 
According to the United Nations Environmental Planning Department, plastic manufacturers produce about 460 million tons of plastic each year, of which a quarter eventually pollutes the earth, less than 10%of plastics are recycled, the rest are buried in the waste landfill or burned. Essence A 2022 study found that by 2060, plastic waste will be doubled and may have exceeded the security boundary of the earth.
Plastic pollution is almost ubiquitous on the earth. From the deepest part of the ocean and the highest point of the mountains, from the stomach and human organs of the sea birds, almost all plastic products based on fossil fuel can be found. Minister of Climate and Environmental Ed even found plastic and chemical additives in his own blood test results. Although the degree of plastic pollution on land has not been fully studied, but people know it accounts for 80%of marine pollution. Marine biologist Melaniebergmann, a marine biologist at the Alfred Worder Institute in Germany, found that her research in the Arctic Deep Sea was also affected by a large number of plastic fragments, so she began to study plastic pollution. Subsequently, the frozen plastic was found in her Arctic sea ice, algae, tiny plank, and deep sea sediment samples.
Nevertheless, fossil fuel companies such as Shell and ExMobil have increased their production efforts and invested billions of dollars to establish new plastic production plants to seek new markets for their products to resist the transformation of renewable energy.
"When we discuss reducing plastic pollution, they are building new factories. We are not even capable of monitoring the impact or extent of pollution," Bergman said.
A recent study found that only 20 petrochemical companies have produced more than half of the world's disposable plastic garbage.
The little Indonesian boy collects plastic bottles in a polluted riverbed in Jakarta
U.S. and Saudi Arabia drag the hind legs on a plastic convention 
At the 5th UN Environment Conference last year, participating in countries recognizing that plastic pollution was a serious environmental problem and agreed to formulate the Global Plastic Convention. However, in the convention's negotiations, there is still huge gap between the interests of all parties.
In order to be able to speak smoothly, many insiders were anonymously interviewed by Voice of Germany. They said that Saudi Arabia, the main oil production country, has always been the biggest opponent of the "Ambition Alliance" plan, and dragged back on procedures such as voting rules. The United States, China, and India are also considered to have little interest in the conventions of reaching a real "ambition."
American representatives were accused of influence by lobbying groups such as the American Chemistry Council (ACC) and focused on the recycling and limited control of plastic. The United States has also been criticized for its own countries that can decide its own contribution to reducing pollution.
Minister of Climate and Environmental Ed and many environmental protection organizations believe that it should be promulgated with a global convention with legal binding power.
Bjornbeler, an international coordinator of the Swedish international pollutant elimination network (IPEN), said that it is unfair to allow countries to decide their own pollution levels that are not as much as Latin America and Africa that do not produce plastic or chemicals.
Belle said: "Therefore, the climate problem model based on national decision -making (rather than the global rules with legal binding) will fail again, because you cannot really deal with global problems at the national level."
reduce plastic garbage!Indonesian startups to the door to the door 
2040 End plastic pollution years ago? 
Including Rwida, Peru, EU member states, Australia, several island nations, and some African and Latin American countries, the ambition alliance hopes to take comprehensive measures to end plastic pollution by 2040, and the problem with the climatic crisis and biology Diversity is losing linked.
In a press release, the organization also specifically pointed out the problem of accelerating disposable plastic production, saying that the world cannot cope with increasing amounts of waste. Ed in Norway said they hope to pay more attention to the manufacturing method of plastic to avoid using hazardous chemicals and make it easier to recover.
"Of course we don't want to get rid of plastic, because there will be many forms of plastic in the future," Ed told Germany.
Ed said the convention should pay attention to the "most likely to cause pollution plastic type, either because they contain toxic substances, or because they are used at one time, or because of their development methods "
Waste to provide fuel for Indonesian fishermen 
Plastic production enterprise lobbyist 
The Plastic Industry Association, which is said to be a statement issued by the entire plastic supply chain, defended the "basic nature" of the plastic in the statement issued by Germany, and expressed support for the recycling economy solution.
The organization expressed its support to increase the transparency of plastic materials, but it is particularly opposed to restricting production.
According to the information disclosed to Reuters, the lobbying group's American Chemistry Council (ACC) and its Brussels' "Plasticseurope" have been active behind the scenes to limit the scope of the agreement. They set up the "Plastic Pollution Action Commercial" alliance to advocate the benefits of plastic.
A group of groups composed of 174 non -governmental organizations, scientists, and other organizations, including Zhengu, Green Peace Organization, and International Environmental Law Center, published an open letter calling on the UN Environmental Planning Agency to restrict fossil fuel. The influence is believed that these lobbyists are vested interests reached by the destruction agreement.
The organization quoted the UN senior commissioner's officer office, "the interests of the plastic industry ... the fundamental and irreconcilable conflict between the human rights and policy interests affected by the plastic crisis."
Plastic bag ban India takes a shot to rectify pollution 
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/谁在为全球反塑料污染公约制造障碍？/a-65782004?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The exhibition of the two Nazis "Step Horse" sculpture caused controversy 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T07:30:00Z
Description: The Hitler government commissioned artists to produce thousands of artworks to promote the power of the Nazi regime. These include two bronze statues of "step horses", and they will now exhibit in the museums of Berlin, which has triggered controversy in public opinion.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['纳粹罪行', '纳粹名画事件', '两次世界大战', '纳粹', '阿道夫·希特勒']
Id: 65771488
Nazi sculpture: one of the two "step horses"
(Voice of Germany) Nazi artist Josef Thorak has created two "step horses" (German "SchreitentepFerde" for Hitler's New Empire Prime Minister's Palace in Berlin. Now these sculptures will be exhibited again in the Museum of Berlin (German: Zitadellespandau). One of the sculptures has been exhibited there for some time, and the second check before the exhibition.
According to the museum, on the opening day of the Monument on September 10, 2023, it will be exhibited for the first time with other problems with other problems.
From 1939 to 1943, the huge twins "strolled" entrusted by Hitler had been standing in the garden where the Nazi government was located. They are part of thousands of bronze works created for the Nazi regime. The purpose has evolved Berlin into the world's "Germanic" empire capital.
Another Nazi propaganda sculpture will be exhibited in the Shipan Dao Castle in Berlin
Who is Sorak? 
Sorak(Josef Thorak)Born in Vienna on February 7, 1889, he studied at the Vienna Academy of Art and was transferred to the Berlin Academy of Art in 1915. After completing his studies, he established his sculptor status through a series of works, such as sculptures of the 4 -meter -tall Empire Bank Building Robe Robe in Western Germany.
His style has won countless commissioned tasks from the government. In 1934, he participated in the security monument and other projects of Ankara, Turkey, and he won international reputation. Since 1937, Sorak has become one of the sculptors favored by Nazi, and is ordered to create countless publicity sculptures to show the so -called power and glory of the Nazi regime.
During the peak of Sorack's career, Hitler and his regime were persecuted Jewish modern artists. They claimed that these artists created "degenerate art" and plundered the collection of Jewish art collectors. Sorak divorced his Jewish wife and got a reputation at the Munich Academy of Fine Arts. After the end of World War II, he continued to create without any trouble, until he died in 1952.
Sorak accepts Nazi Propaganda Minister Gobel's entrusting creative statue
Why do you want to display Nazi art? 
In 2015, the German police made a raid on an underground art trading market and re -discovered the "Step Horse" sculpture. Police have collected these works, including the sculptures of Hitler's two other favorite other artists Fritzklimsch and Arno Breker.
These works may be planned to be sold in the black market because Nazi art is still taboo in the official market. Artist Historian Flmemerst(Christian Fuhrmeister)In 2015, the Voice of Germany told Germany, "There are some private collectors in Germany, the United States or Russia, and some people are always enthusiastic about such works."
According to the official website of Shipan Dao Castle, the castle of the former Renaissance has now become a space for the exhibition. The purpose of displaying these sculptures is to explain "how the power of various countries shaped the city landscape of Berlin." The series of commemorative sculptures created from 1849 to 1986 are mainly featured, covering the German Empire, Weima Republic, Nazi Germany and East Germany.
Nazi sculpture in public places in Germany ** 
The museum declares on its website that these sculptures are "witnesses of German history" and believe that these characteristic commemorative sculptures are "important symbols" of German history. "Important" this adjective may make some people feel uncomfortable, but the museum explains that its goal is to transform itself into the center of "toxic" monuments. The federal government also supports its acquisition of "step horses".
Earlier, the exhibition of Nazi art caused a strong protest Essence Last year, the Munich Painting Exhibition Hall was exhibited by another Nazi artist Zile(Adolf Ziegler)The paintings were criticized in an open letter. One of the most influential contemporary artists Barcelitz(Georg Baselitz)Call for removing it.
"Surprisingly, the Nazi propaganda can be performed in this dirty way in the Munich Museum," Barcelzi wrote last October. He said that the works of artists persecuted by the Nazis were hung beside the works of artists who are responsible for their persecution, which was "unbearable."
In fact , many Nazi propaganda sculptures are still retained in public places For example, the Nazi regime is the Berlin Olympic Stadium built in the 1936 Olympic Games. Before the 2006 World Cup, the stadium has always been used as a venue, and some activists have called for the dismantling of sculptures. However, Berlin refused this proposal on the grounds that demolition is equivalent to denied German history.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/两座纳粹-跨步马-雕塑展出引发争议/a-65771488?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Will the global warming let the Panama canal break the air? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T07:31:00Z
Description: To understand the economic cost of global warming, just look at the status of the Panama Canal. Due to the decrease in rainfall in Central America, the water level of the canal decreased. Experts are worried that ordinary consumers may eventually pay for it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['汉诺威工业博览会']
Id: 65770668
Through Panama Canal
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The Panama Canal is connected to the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean. Its creation is a huge gospel for global shipping. Before the Canal was completed, the ship had to bypass the southern end of South America-it was a longer and more dangerous route.
For centuries, the sea area around the corner of Heneng was a veritable ship cemetery. Thousands of sailors were killed there, and it was sinking there. But through the Panama Canal shorten the schedule of more than 13,000 kilometers, saving money and time in large quantities.
However, climate change seems to be threatening this route. Every time the canal's vessels open, millions of liters of fresh water flows into the sea, which reduces the water level in the canal. Subsequently, the new rainfall flowed into the supplementary water source. However, today residents, environmentalists, and meteorists have observed that climate change has led to a decrease in rainfall in Central America. This means that the amount of water in the canal is reduced. And if the freshwater flowing out of the canal vessels can no longer be supplemented, then large ships will become more and more difficult to pass.
What should I do if the rainfall decreases? 
The reason why the Panama Canal is so much fresh water is that the ships must rise or fall by 26 meters through more than a dozen ship brakes. According to data from Everstream, which represents the monitoring and evaluation of the supply chain on behalf of the international company, each ship requires about 200 million liters of water through the canal.
In recent months, the Panama Canal Administration, which is responsible for the operation of the Canal, has released strict water restrictions. The depth of the ship's water is the distance between the water line and the bottom of the ship. This measurement determines how much water does a ship need to sail safely. If a boat is loaded overweight, it will sink deeper, which will produce a larger water depth.
The normal operation of the canal is 15.24 meters. In early May, the authorities released the draft of the New Panama-type shipbuilding adjustment consultation based on the estimated water level-the technique refers to the size restrictions of the largest ship of the canal. Starting from May 24, the depth of water through the canal's largest ships must not exceed 13.56 meters. On May 30 a week later, it will be reduced to 13.4 meters again.
To make matters worse, startup analysts expect the situation throughout the spring will not improve. In fact, the shipping industry may become worse.
The Ever Given container ship is blocked by the Suez Canal
Herbot, a shipping company headquartered in Hamburg, Germany(Table-lloyd)Correct measures with other international consignors have taken the loading capacity of containers to reduce the water eating of the ship.
In order to compensate for the loss of income, Herbert will charge $ 500 surcharges on each container through the Panama Canal since June. Trade experts are worried that the interruption of the supply chain and longer transportation time will affect prices.
Not everyone is panic 
Starmer(Vincent Stamer)It is easier to hold the water level of the Panama Canal and its possible consequences of global trade. The economist from the Institute of Economics of the Kill World Economic Research told Germany: "At present, this is not the real key for the supply chain."
He believes that there will be no such thing as 2021: the Evergiven container ship is stuck, blocking the Suez Canal. "The importance of the Panama Canal to the global economy is not as good as the Suez Canal." Stammer explained.
In addition, 90%of the global trade through marine transportation has shown relatively obvious endurance in recent years. He said: "After the multiple pressures caused by ship congestion in recent years, the closure of the port, and the blockade, the supply chain has been significantly restored."
In 2022, the Rhein Rhine near Dussendor, Germany suffered a low water level
Global consequences of climate change 
In recent years, in Europe, the problem of low water level has caused the authorities to have a headache. Last summer, the Rhine, an important inland shipping arteries, reached historical lows in the water level in some areas. This damages the delivery of shipping and the materials of the factory. It also caused the price of gasoline and heating oil to rise. This year, the snow shortage of the Alps may cause the same problem again.
The departments responsible for maritime navigation are considering adopting countermeasures for the Rhine, such as deepening the river in some places. Another more expensive solution is to build a dam to maintain or improve the water level in important waters.
For the Panama Canal, people are considering other solutions. They include water -saving sluice that can collect fresh water for reuse. To this end, the possibility of researching and developing and using other water sources near the canal. The construction of the reservoir and the seawater desalination plant is also considering. To this end, the possibility of developing and using other water sources near the canal is also considering the construction of reservoir and salt water dilute plants.
One of the 12 vessels in the Panama Canal
More alternative scheme 
If all these countermeasures come too slowly and through the canal, will Europe be threatened by the closure of the Suez Canal to close the collapse?
"No, never," Stammer said affirmatively.
He said: "Only 2% of the German shipping trade flows to the Pacific coast of the American continent. The sea connection with the East Coast of the United States and the highway trade with neighboring European countries have played a greater role."
Before finding the long -term solution of the Panama Canal, the economist saw other methods to solve the problem of water shortage in Central America. "For shipping companies, reducing load is of course the simplest method. It is also possible to use smaller ships."
Stammer also saw other alternatives. "The transportation route from the Panama Canal to the east coast of the United States can be partially diverted through the Suez Canal through the Panama Canal." He said, "On the route between Europe and the West Coast of the United States, alternatives are not mature. The measures are combined with more use of air or land transportation through the United States. "
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/全球变暖会让巴拿马运河断航吗？/a-65770668?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The new Turkey's new cabinet is released on the El section to extend a few familiar faces 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T07:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T07:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Akara, 3rd) Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, swore to work to start his third presidential term, and announced a few hours later. Former Deputy Prime Minister is the Minister of Finance.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The members of the Cabinet of El section were only left to the Minister of Health and Culture, and the rest were new faces.
He appointed former Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek as the Minister of Finance and Finance. Given Himshek's international status, he appointed this position to make the outside world feel at ease.
In addition, Ali Duan appointed Hakan Fidan, the director of the National Intelligence, served as Foreign Minister. Fifty -year -old Ferdan has been in charge of the State Intelligence Agency since 2010 and has been called the "confidential person" by Ael section.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E5%9C%9F%E8%80%B3%E5%85%B6%E6%96%B0%E5%86%85%E9%98%81%E5%87%BA%E7%82%89-%E8%89%BE%E5%B0%94%E6%AE%B5%E5%BB%B6%E6%8F%BD%E5%87%A0%E4%BD%8D%E7%86%9F%E9%9D%A2%E5%AD%94 
Expert: AI threat is exaggerated 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T07:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T07:20:07+00:00
Description: (AFP 3rd on the 3rd) Starting from the birth of ChatGPT, which was able to chant poems 6 months ago, expert Gary Marcus continued to warn the rapid development and use of artificial intelligence (AI).
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 But the Honorary Professor of New York University told AFP in a recent interview that the current statement about AI threats may be a bit "exaggerated".
Macus said, "I am not so worried about the risk of extinction, at least now, because the situation is not so specific."
"I am worried, more common ... is the artificial intelligence system that we are unable to control properly. I think this will bring great risks, (but) may have nothing to do with survival."
As early as the appearance of ChatGPT, Marcus high school designed his first artificial intelligence program, which was a software that translated Latin into English. After studying children's psychology for many years, he founded a machine learning company Geometric Intelligence and was later acquired by Uber.
Last week, he did not connect to the industry leader and experts, which caused a sensation. This paragraph has only one sentence, OPENAI CEO Samaltman also participated in the issued statement that global leaders should be committed to reducing the "extinction risk" from AI technology. In response to AI risks, it should be related to "epidemic and nuclear nuclear and nuclear nuclear risks. Social risks such as war are equal global priorities. "
"If you really think there is the risk of survival, why do you still do it? This is a very reasonable question."
He believes that, instead of focusing on distant situations such as human extinction, society should focus on real danger.
"People may try to cause various confusion through the use of artificial intelligence to manipulate the market. Then we may, for example, blame the Russians," See what they have done to our country. "In fact participate."
"This may be upgraded and evolved into nuclear war, so I think there will be serious situations. As for human extinction? I don't know."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%BC%A4%E7%BA%B7%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C/20230604-%E4%B8%93%E5%AE%B6-ai%E5%A8%81%E8%83%81%E8%A2%AB%E5%A4%B8%E5%A4%A7 
Yingxiang will visit Washington and Bayeng Summit to see Congress leaders and watch baseball games 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T08:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T07:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 3rd) British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will visit Washington next week to hold a summit with US President Joe Biden, and meet with Congress leaders and business people. At the same time, Watch a baseball game.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that Sunak's spokesman said that the two countries' leaders would continue to support Ukraine against Russian aggression during the White House meeting on the 8th.
However, a spokesman said that Britain did not see any progress in reaching the Brexit trade agreement with the Brexit government. It is now seeking to obtain small -scale arrangements with individual states in the United States, such as California.
After Brexit, the United Kingdom found itself excluded; the United States and the European Union not only busy dialogue with the future regulatory issues of artificial intelligence (AI), but also provided a large number of new green energy subsidies.
In the two -day trip to Washington, Sunak is expected to make a speech to the CEO of the American business community, meet with Congress leaders and promote soft diplomacy.
On the 7th, Sunak is expected to attend the theme of "British and American Friendship Day" and will be a baseball game of the Washington citizen against the Aleisana Supar snake.
Although there are problems with the British and American trade agreements, the two countries have established close relationships against Russia and China. (Translator: Ji Jinling)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E8%8B%B1%E7%9B%B8%E5%B0%86%E8%AE%BF%E5%8D%8E%E5%BA%9C%E4%B8%8E%E6%8B%9C%E7%99%BB%E5%B3%B0%E4%BC%9A-%E8%A7%81%E5%9B%BD%E4%BC%9A%E9%A2%86%E8%A2%96%E5%B9%B6%E7%9C%8B%E6%A3%92%E7%90%83%E8%B5%9B 
President Biden signed a debt upper limit bill 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T08:03:54+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 00:03:54Z
Description: The US President Biden signed a bill on Saturday to stop the US government's debt restrictions by January 2025. When the government could not pay its bills in a few days, it was not possible to avoid a potential disaster default.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/biden-signs-debt-ceiling-bill-20230603/7122118.html 
Liu Jiayi, a student of the National Taiwan University, mourned the Graduate Association of the National Taiwan University in Hong Kong for support 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T08:06:18-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T08:06:18-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Liu Jiayi, a graduate student of the National Taiwan University, was arrested by the police for mourning the June 4th Tian'anmen incident in Hong Kong. Taiwan college students appealed in Taiwan to support. A reporter Li Zonghan.
Liu Jiayi, a graduate student of the National Taiwan University, was arrested by the police for mourning in Hong Kong in Hong Kong, on the grounds that he "made an actions with incitement"; the National Taiwan University Graduate Association publicly condemned the Hong Kong police at the Freedom Plaza of the Zhongzheng Memorial Hall on the 4th and called on the National Taiwan University to assist.
According to the Hong Kong Media Society, on the eve of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th, Liu Jiayi was wearing a "truth" top on the 3rd, sealing with a tape with a tape, and holding 6 white roses and 4 red roses to express their opinions. Liu Jiayi was posted with "fasting" white paper. It is expected to start at 6.4 pm for 89643.4 seconds to express his mourning on the June 4th incident. However, she and her friend were subsequently arrested by the police in the name of "suspected of inciting analogy" and "non -inspection of public local behavior".
According to the Central News Agency, Xu Guanze, president of the National Taiwan University Graduate Association, and several supporters publicly condemned the Hong Kong Police in the Liberty Plaza of the Zhongzheng Memorial Hall on the 4th to ask the National Taiwan University to assist in. The scene shouted the slogans such as "peaceful mourning of innocence, Hong Kong police officers, release Liu Jiayi, and the National Taiwan University schools should express their positions, and return my Hong Kong freedom" and other slogans.
Xu Guanze said that through the Hong Kong media reports, it can be seen that Liu Jiayi used artistic and peaceful ways to express his opinions. The gentle practice of holding a bouquet was regarded as "suspected and incitement diagram behavior", which is really ridiculous. Essence As a freedom of Taiwan University, you must defend any right to pursue freedom value and must stand up.
Sun Yuqian, president of the Taiwan University Student Union, pointed out that Taiwan University students expressed their opinions in a peaceful way in Hong Kong, but were arrested by the Hong Kong police and condemned such behaviors. It is also known from this matter that China's authoritarian is not a matter of their family. If people do not stand up, the authority will spread; the National Taiwan University should pay attention to this matter.
Editor Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/st-06042023080533.html 
North Korea condemned the Security Council to see the satellite meeting at the "robbery" of the United States 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T08:24
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T08:32
Description: North Korea condemned the United Nations Security Council to hold a meeting on the launch of military reconnaissance satellites in North Korea's launch of military reconnaissance satellites in the "robbery requirements", vowing to continue to refuse sanctions and take "self -defense" operations. North Korea launched a military reconnaissance satellite on Wednesday (May 31). The United States has accused North Korea of "blatantly violated" union ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['卫星', '美国', '联合国', '朝鲜', '金与正', '安理会']
North Korea condemned the United Nations Security Council to hold a meeting on the launch of military reconnaissance satellites in North Korea's launch of military reconnaissance satellites in the "robbery requirements", vowing to continue to refuse sanctions and take "self -defense" operations.
North Korea Wednesday (May 31) launched military reconnaissance satellites Essence The United States accused North Korea of "blatantly violated" the UN Security Council's resolution and asked the UN Security Council to meet with North Korea's satellite testing operations.
Reuters reports that the sister Kim, the sister of the North Korean Labor Party and the leader of North Korea, Kim Jong -un, and the news article published in the North Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on Sunday (June 4) that the United Nations Security Council held a meeting on the Korean Star of North Korea. It shows that the Security Council accepts Washington's "RobberyDemand", ignores North Korea's space development rights, and acts as the "political accessories" in the United States.
Jin He was saying in the article that she often felt "very angry" about the Security Council's criticism of North Korea's exercise of sovereignty in accordance with the United States, and "and strongly condemned and rejected the most unfair and prejudice behavior of interference in the internal affairs and infringing North Korea's sovereignty."
Kim and Zheng emphasized that North Korea's launch satellite is a "legal self -defense counterattack measure" adopted by the increasing threat of the United States and its allies. North Korea had previously accused the United States and its allies of the spring of the spring re -ignition of tensions.
Kim and Zheng said that North Korea will never acknowledge the UN sanctions resolution and promise to continue to exercise North Korea's sovereignty, including launching reconnaissance satellites.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401011 
The German Defense Society Li Shangfu 2024 will send a ship to Indo -Pacific 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T09:10:00Z
Description: German Defense Minister Pestorius said in Shangri -La dialogue that if an armed conflict occurred in the Indo -Pacific region, it would also bring consequences to Europe and Germany. He announced that two ships will be sent to the area in 2024. In addition, he also called on China to stop recruiting retired German military pilots to provide training to China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['香格里拉对话', '李尚福', '皮斯托里乌斯', '德国国防部长', '印太', '南中国海']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65819430
(Voice of Germany), German Defense Minister Pestorius called on the Singapore Security Conference "Shangri -La Dialogue", calling on Europe to strengthen cooperation with Asia. "When challenged, we must defend our international order based on rules," Pestorius said in his speech on Sunday. He emphasized the mutual dependence between Europe and Asian countries, saying that Russia's aggression war in Ukraine also had an impact on Asia.
Pestorius said Russia's "infringement of Ukraine's sovereignty" has stressed the rules -based international order. The ignorance of international law "threatens the whole of world order". The German Defense Minister warned: "If Russia has won, the signal issued by the world's amendments is to be acceptable to use military force without provocation and success."
At the same time, in view of the continuous significance of the Indo -Pacific region, the intensification of tensions in the region or even armed conflicts will not be consequences to Europe and Germany. "Therefore, Germany is responsible and contributes to peace and security in the Indo -Pacific region." Germany hopes to strengthen relevant efforts in the next few years.
Pistorius said: "All the global challenges faced by all of us are diverse. No one can succeed alone,-if we are hostile to each other, then we must not succeed." Pistorius In addition, when the interests and positions are different, "differences may evolve into serious confrontation", communication and cooperation will be more important.
This is the first time that the German Defense Minister has participated in this Asia -Pacific Security Conference for a long time. Polstorius had a dialogue on Saturday with [China Defense Minister Li Shangfu] on Saturday(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/美国防长批北京拒绝对话-中国责任在美方/a-65815175)A meeting was held.
On June 3, Pistorius met with Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu during the conversation between Shangri -La
In 2024, Germany will send two ships to India 
On Sunday, Pistorius also said that in 2024, Germany would send two warships to the Indo -Pacific region. Reuters reported that according to a speech issued by the German Ministry of Defense, Pistoruwu said that the German government sent a frigates to India in 2021. In 2024, Germany will send a frigate and a supply vessel to the area. He added that sending operations is not aimed at any country. "On the contrary: This move is to protect the international order based on rules. We all signed and benefited from it. Entering the South China Sea is the first time in the past 20 years. ](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/19年来首次派军舰赴南海-德国不会穿越台湾海峡/a-58731664)
Call on China to stop recruiting German retired pilots 
On Saturday, after meeting with Li Shangfu, the Social Democratic Party's German Defense Minister called on China to stop recruiting the German federal military pilots to provide training for Chinese fighter pilots. According to Agence France -Presse, Pestorius said that Li Shangfu did not deny it, but faded the importance of the incident from his perspective. Pestorius and Li Shangfu had more than an hour of talks, and the two sides made "clear expressions" on their respective positions. As far as the tension between China and Taiwan, Pestorius said: "At present, the situation has intensified the interests of any party." He said that it is essential to maintain dialogue with Beijing.
(Agence France -Presse, Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德防长会李尚福-2024将再向印太派船/a-65819430?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
North Korea attacked the United Nations meeting to discuss North Korean satellite launch 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T09:15:16+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 05:38:55Z
Description: North Korea ’s Central News Agency said on Sunday that North Korea condemned the United Nations Security Council to discuss its recent satellite launch in accordance with the“ robbery requirements ”in the United States, and vowed to continue to refuse sanctions and take“ self -defense ”operations.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['朝鲜半岛局势', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/n-korea-slams-un-meeting-20230603/7122131.html 
OPEC+Meeting Discussion to further reduce production to support oil prices 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T09:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T09:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Vienna 3rd) The increasingly signs show that the oil -producing countries led by Saudi Arabia and Russia are considering supporting oil prices by further production reduction when they meet tomorrow.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Organization of the Petroleum Export of Countries (OPEC) will negotiate with Russia's 10 oil -producing countries to review future output policies.
This physical meeting of Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and ONEC+Oil countries (OPEC+) will be held in Vienna tomorrow.
Analysts originally expected that OPEC+will maintain its current policy, but today there are signs that adhering to such policies may not be able to fully stabilize the oil market.
Several OPEC+members agreed in April that they voluntarily reduced production by more than 1 million barrels per day. This unexpected move has briefly supported the price, but it cannot bring a long -lasting price recovery.
Russia's invasion of Ukraine has subverted the global economy, and oil production countries are trying to respond to the decline in prices and the market violently fluctuating.
When most delegations arrived in the Austrian capital Vienna, they still kept their mouths, or declined to comment on possible policies.
For heavyweight members of Saudi Arabia and Russia, whether it will allow OPEC+to maintain its current output policy, or to further reduce output, analysts have different views.
Sources told AFP that the daily reduction of 700,000 to 1 million barrels per day is one of the options discussed; but emphasized that everything has not been determined.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-opec-%E5%BC%80%E4%BC%9A-%E8%AE%A8%E8%AE%BA%E8%BF%9B%E4%B8%80%E6%AD%A5%E5%87%8F%E4%BA%A7%E4%BB%A5%E6%94%AF%E6%92%91%E6%B2%B9%E4%BB%B7 
China: The fierce conflict between China and the United States is "unbearable pain in the world" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T09:47:00Z
Description: Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu said in Shangri -La dialogue that if a fierce conflict between China and the United States occur, it will be an unbearable pain in the world. It is the way to get along with each other, coexisting peacefully, and win -win cooperation. But he emphasized that China will not tolerate any provocative behavior on the Taiwan issue.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '南中国海主权争端', '台湾', '南希·佩洛西']
Keywords: ['香格里拉对话', '中美关系', '南海', '台湾', '台湾海峡', '李尚福']
Id: 65819515
(Voice of Germany in Chinese) Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu Sunday (June 4) spoke on a conference on the topic of "Chinese New Security Initiative" in Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore. Regarding Sino -US relations, Li Shangfu said, "If there is a fierce conflict between China and the United States, it will be an unbearable pain in the world."
Li Shangfu said that China believes that the great power should have a large country, and cannot provoke a camp confrontation for the moment. It should take into account the overall situation to exchange and cooperate to resolve differences and respond to the expectations of all countries. "The Sino -US system is different and the differences are large, but it does not prevent the two parties from seeking common ground while developing bilateral relations, nor does it prevent the two parties from deepening cooperation based on common interests. History has repeatedly proved that China and the United States are in good advantages."
He said that China has always sought to establish a new type of major power relationship with the United States. "But this requires the United States to come up with sincerity, consistent words and deeds, and act with China with actual actions to promote the relationship between the two armies and the two armies. Find the way to get along. "
Li Shangfu admits that in the past few years, Sino -US relations have hovered in the trough after establishing diplomatic relations. He also pointed out that "the reason for this difficult situation is clear."
Li Shangfu said that the world is wide enough, and it can fully develop the joint development of regions including China and the United States. "The three principles of respecting each other, living peace, and win -win cooperation are the correct ways to get along with China and the United States."
The day before Li Shangfu delivered a speech at the Shangri -La dialogue, US Secretary of Defense Austin Criticizing China to refuse to meet during the summit to meet the two countries' defense ministers Essence
Austin attacked Beijing's lack of military communication and said: "The more we talk about, the more we can avoid misunderstanding and misunderstanding that may lead to crisis or conflict."
US Secretary of Defense Austin criticized China to refuse dialogue
"Taiwan problem is the core of China's core interests" 
U.S. -China relations are at a historical low on many issues, including espionage, trade tensions, restrictions on exports of semiconductor chips, and the Russian and Ukraine War. The most controversial and sensitive topics are the future of Taiwan and territorial disputes in the South China Sea.
Li Shangfu emphasized at the Shangri -La dialogue that "the issue of Taiwan is the core of China's core interests." "Taiwan is Taiwan in China. How to solve the problem of Taiwan is a matter of Chinese people. It is not allowed to interfere with any external forces."
He criticized the Democratic Progressive Party authorities as "进 他 他", and the external forces "made by Taiwan" are the greatest troublemakers to change the status quo of the Taiwan Strait.
Li Shangfu said, "China is willing to fight for peace and unity with the greatest sincerity and maximum efforts, but never promise to give up the use of force." He also warned: "If someone dares to split Taiwan out of China, the Chinese army will not hesitate, not afraid of any opponent, no matter how much the price pays, it will resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity."
Li Shangfu warns that promoting the Asia -Pacific NATO will only cause the Asia Pacific to fall into the vortex of tear, disputes and conflicts
Hidden warning of the United States 
One day before, the US destroyer, USS Chung-Hoon and the Montreal (HMCSMONTREAL) of the Royal Navy of Canada across the Taiwan Strait. The U.S. Navy said a Chinese destroyer made a "unsafe" act. According to the exclusive video shot by Canada's "Global News", a Chinese warship accelerated to the Zhongyun, and it was only 150 yards and almost hit the US warships.
Shi Yi, a spokesman for the Eastern Theater of the Chinese People's Liberation Army, criticized the country on Saturday night that the country was "interested in creating incidents in the Taiwan Strait area, deliberately provoking risks, maliciously destroying the peace and stability of the region, and sending an error signal to the" Taiwan independence "forces."
The U.S. Indo -Pacific Command said that the US and Canadian warships are conducting routine operations in accordance with the freedom of navigation. Canadian Defense Secretary Anitaanand said that Canada will continue to sail within the scope allowed by international law, including the Taiwan Strait, and "the behavior of the region must act responsible."
When talking about the South China Sea issue, Li Shangfu did not name it criticized, "" Some countries and foreign countries "are in the name of navigation freedom, and the power of sailing hegemony. If you want to stir the South China Sea, we need to make a profit from it. "".
He said that China is similar to ASEAN, and the peoples of all countries are in their hands. "There are differences between the neighborhoods, and everyone is communicating and properly solving, but some foreign countries have provoked separation behind them. We must distinguish between interests and keep awake."
In his speech, Li Shangfu also mentioned that what the Asia -Pacific needs today is the big and inclusive cooperation, not the "small circle of the gangs". He also emphasized that "advancing the Asia -Pacific NATO will only cause the Asia -Pacific to fall into the vortex of tear, disputes and conflicts."
He criticized some countries to expand its military bases and exacerbates regional arms competitions.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国：中美激烈冲突对抗是-世界不可承受之痛/a-65819515?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Indian train accident: Why is the country's train often derailed? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-04T09:50:50.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T09:50:50.000Z
Description: There are many questions about the exact reason for this fatal accident to be answered.
Images: [" _129977184_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['印度']
Type: Article
Indian train accident: Why is the country's train often derailed? 
9:50 am on June 4, 2023![] Image source, AFP
Image adding text,
The accident on Friday killed at least 288 people, and more than 1,000 people were injured
India collided and derailed in the evening of Friday (June 2), which had killed at least 288 people and more than 1,000 injured. There are many questions about the exact reason for this fatal accident to be answered. 
According to reports, two special express passenger trains and a row of freight trains occurred near a small railway station in Audisha, Eastern Audisha. One of the passenger trains hit a row of cargo trains, and the carriage flipped into the third rail, causing a row to derail a train. The preliminary report states that the accident was caused by the fault of the signal.
The truth behind the accident will only be revealed after a comprehensive investigation, but it once again trigger concerns about the safety of the Indian railway.
India's railway system is one of the world's largest. The national railway network exceeds 100,000 kilometers (62,000 miles), and the number of passengers per day is 25 million. Indian Minister of Railways Ashwinivaishnaw said that a new railway was paved about 5,200 kilometers last year, and about 8,000 kilometers of railways was upgraded each year.
He was in a recent communication disclosed Most railways are upgraded to adapt to trains with a speed of 100 kilometers per hour. A considerable part of them will be upgraded to a speed of 130 kilometers per hour, and some are prepared for high -speed trains at a speed of 160 kilometers per hour.
This is obviously part of the government's intention to run a faster train intention nation -the real high -speed railway line is built separately, connecting the financial capital of Mumbai and Ahamada Bad.
However, a former railway officer Viveksahai told me that derailment is still "a headache on the railway." There are many reasons for the derailment of a train- "maybe the rail maintenance is not good, it may be a problem with the carriage, or it may be a mistake in driving operations."
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
The Komand Express Train is derailed, turning over the neighboring rail, and was subsequently hit by another train closer.
A government in 2019-20 years Railway Safety Report It is found that 70%of the derailment of railway accidents has increased from 68%in the previous year. (Train fire and collision are ranked behind, accounting for 14%and 8%of the total of the total accidents).

Prime Minister Modi said the person in charge of the accident seriously punish the accident 
The rescue operation of the train accident has ended, and officials said that the trapped and injured passengers had been rescued.
Prime Minister Modi visited the scene, saying that it was a "painful" incident.
He also said that guilty people were found in the accident would be "severe punishment."
This multi -train collision was described as the worst railway accident in India in this century. The current specific causes have not yet been clear.
The authorities have launched a comprehensive investigation on the incident. Officials of the railway authorities pointed out that the preliminary report stated that the accident may be caused by a signal failure.
According to the news, there are about 2,000 passengers on the two bus trains involved in the accident.
In the assessment year, 40 derailment accidents were counted, 33 times were passenger trains, and 7 times were freight trains. 17 of them are derailed due to the "defect" of the rails -may include the number of rails or settlement.
The report states that only 9 derailment accidents are due to the failure in the train -engine, carriage, car skin, etc.
The railway rails are made of metal. In summer and winter months, the temperature will be swollen and contracted due to temperature rising. They need to be maintained regularly -tightening loose parts, replacing pillow wood, and adding lubrication and adjustment to the transfer interface. This type of rail maintenance is done by artificial, hand -pushes, locomotives and tail vehicles.
The routine suggestion of the Indian railway is that the rail inspection vehicle carefully checks the geometric structure integrity of the track at least every three months to maintain the speed of 110 to 130 kilometers per hour.
Federal government auditors on derailment from April 2014 to March 2021 Report There are some disturbing discoveries:
There have been many discussions on the installation of anti -impact devices on the Indian train, but according to a railway official, the system currently only installed on two main lines -from Delhi to Kolkata, and from Delhi to Mumbai. As for how such a system can have a role in derailment or "strange" impact accident, it is unclear.

Image adding text,
In 2010, a row of passenger trains in West Bengal was derailed and collided with a row of freight trains, causing more than 150 people to die
In 2010, a row of passenger trains in West Bengal was derailed and collided with a freight train, causing more than 150 people to die. Investigators said that the Maoist rebels destroyed the rails, causing this column to be derailed from Calcore to Mumbai's passenger trains, and five of them were thrown on the track of another freight train. There are no signs that the accident on Friday has been deliberately destroyed.
The railway department pointed out that there were 34 "railway accidents that caused consequences" in 2021-22-collision, derailment, fire or train explosion, road cars and trains collided at the plane intersection, etc. many. The Hindus reported on May 31 that this type of accident rose to 48 years in 2022-23.
Report It is quite foresight that the railway authorities are concerned about the rise in the accident rate and have required their senior managers to "strictly evaluate the working time of the staff, especially the East Coast Railway and the Southeast Central Railway Department, and make urgent amendments." The accident on Friday night happened in the busy area of the East Coast Railway.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65801957 
Indian train accident remains in the face of all -aged family members with sad corpses 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T10:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T09:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Pahana, India, 4th.) In the temporary generals of a school in India, a couple browsed the full -recognized corpse photos, and then came to the body they thought they were 22 -year -old son. Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The man's injury to his neck was confirmed to his parents.
The mother endured tears, and after a few seconds of her husband's shoulders, she looked away from the official's laptop.
After a major traffic accident that collided with 3 train collisions on the 2nd on the 2nd, the relatives came to the Bahanaga High School less than one kilometer.
The accident has died at least 288 people and hundreds of people were injured.
The person in charge of the temporary morgue said: "The corpse sent here was terrible, and the high temperature made many corpses be more unrecognizable."
"The biggest challenge is to recognize the corpse."
The school's air is filled with stinky smell. Dozens of people were sitting outside the door, hoping to find the missing relatives.
After the family finds a relative through the photo, they will get a leader, and then they can recognize the corpse with their provisions; but this process is not easy.
The police officer responsible for returning the corpse said: "We received 179 remains, but only 45 could recognize it."
"Some remains only have torso or scorched face, or the skull deformation, and there are no other identifiable marks."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E5%8D%B0%E5%BA%A6%E7%81%AB%E8%BD%A6%E4%BA%8B%E6%95%85%E9%81%97%E4%BD%93%E9%9D%A2%E7%9B%AE%E5%85%A8%E9%9D%9E-%E5%AE%B6%E5%B1%9E%E5%90%AB%E6%82%B2%E8%AE%A4%E5%B0%B8 
Three of the border shooting incidents of the Egyptian border died with a soldier of the soldiers. 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T10:30
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T11:40
Description: The shooting occurred on Saturday (June 3) on Saturday (June 3) in Israel, causing three soldiers and one Egyptian security personnel to die. Xinhua News Agency reported that in a statement issued by the Israeli military on Saturday, in the early morning of that day, two Army stationed in the Egyptian post in southern Israel ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['埃及', '以色列', '枪击']
The shooting occurred on Saturday (June 3) on Saturday (June 3) in Israel, causing three soldiers and one Egyptian security personnel to die.
Xinhua News Agency reported that the Israeli military stated in a statement on Saturday that in the early morning of the day, two soldiers stationed in the Egyptian outpost in southern Israel were shot dead by an Egyptian policeman. A few hours later, the Egyptian policeman had a firing fire with the soldiers who came to carry out the arrest, causing a soldier to die, and the Egyptian police was killed in the overcome fire.
The Israeli Army is currently conducting search operations in the area to prevent other attackers from entering the country. Fangzheng cooperated with the Egyptian military to investigate the incident.
Israeli Minister of Defense Garrant said in a statement that he had evaluated the situation with the Chief of Staff of the National Defense Force on the incident and that the Army would continue to investigate.
The Egyptian military stated in a Saturday statement that when an Egyptian security personnel hunted with drug trafficking at the border near Egypt on the day, they had a fire with Israel, causing three Israeli soldiers to be killed, and two other Israeli soldiers were injured. The Egyptian security personnel also died in the fire. The Egyptian military has investigated the incident.
In March 1979, Israel signed a peace treaty with Egypt. The Israeli Army often conducts smuggling drugs and weapons in border areas.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401028 
Australia intends to expand outlying islands Ocean Park to 3 times the area is equivalent to Spain 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T10:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 4th) The Australian government announced today that the government plans to expand the remote "Macquarie Island Ocean Park" of the southeast sea to three times, and its protection area is almost equivalent to Spain.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to this proposal, the existing area of "Macquarie Island Marinepark" will be expanded to 3 times to 475,465 square kilometers, which will be protected within this range.
The future scope of Macquarie Ocean Park is roughly comparable to the area of Spain or Cameroon, or it is larger than Vietnam and Japan.
Australia's Minister of Environment, Tanya Plibersek, said that the park is protected, which means that the district will "completely prohibit fishing, mining and other mining activities."
Macquarie is located between Australia and Antarctica. It is the homeland of Royal Penguins and Fur Seals (also known as sea dogs).
"Macquarie Island is a special place, a remote wildlife fairyland, and an important breeding place for millions of sea birds, seals and penguins."
Environmental protection organizations support this plan because they are worried that this area may become the underwater mining and non -permanent business fishing goals.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E6%BE%B3%E6%B4%B2%E6%8B%9F%E6%89%A9%E5%A4%A7%E7%A6%BB%E5%B2%9B%E6%B5%B7%E6%B4%8B%E5%85%AC%E5%9B%AD%E8%87%B33%E5%80%8D-%E9%9D%A2%E7%A7%AF%E7%AD%89%E5%90%8C%E8%A5%BF%E7%8F%AD%E7%89%99 
The only public commemorative party in Taiwan held cross -strait three places on the September 34th Anniversary 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T10:35:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T16:13:11-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Many citizen groups held the 34th anniversary of the 64th Annmen incident in the Chiang Kai -shek Memorial Hall. Agence France -Presse Pictures
According to a report by the Taiwan Central News Agency on June 4, on the 34th anniversary of the Annmen incident in June 4th, many citizen groups such as the Chinese Democratic Academy Association of Taiwan held a mourning event in the Chiang Kai -shek Memorial Hall. This is also the implementation of the National Security Law of the Hong Kong District. After the Hong Kong Victoria Park mourn the candlelight no longer, Taiwan has become the only region in the three places in both sides of the strait to publicize the June 4th incident.
 
Feng Shaotian, the youth secretary -general of the Hong Kong Border City, said that the Candlelight Gala of Victoria Park in Hong Kong cannot be held again, and replaced it in advance to celebrate the "return to the motherland" in advance. Obviously, the Chinese authorities hope to use this to obliterate the June 4th memory, making people mistakenly think that June 4 is a "celebration" day. Feng Shaotian emphasized that although Hong Kong could not host the June 4 mourning activities, Taiwan can still hope that Taiwan can pass on this spirit, and at least Hong Kong people can participate online.
The report pointed out that the Victoria Park in Hong Kong has been unable to hold a candlelight party to mourn the June 4th for four consecutive years, and the last game stayed in 2019. Since then, the authorities have banned the mourning rally in June 4th on the grounds of the new crown epidemic.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-06042023101700.html 
The British Embassy released a screenshot of the June 4th version of the People's Daily was quickly deleted by Weibo 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T10:44:33-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T10:44:33-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The British Embassy in China was released 34 years ago on its official Weibo account. A screenshot of the Chinese official "People's Daily" was quickly deleted by Weibo. The British Embassy in China subsequently pushed through Twitter. Screenshot of Twitter/ UK in China @ukinchina
On June 4, the British Embassy in China released a screenshot of the Chinese official "People's Daily" on its official Weibo account. Introduce the article "Beijing, Beijing", etc., but the relevant content was quickly deleted by Weibo.
The British Embassy then said through Twitter, "Within 20 minutes, the reviewer deleted the post we posted on Weibo. News reports from the most authoritative news institutions from the Communist Party of China were also reviewed." The text said that at the time, the editor of the People's Daily was obviously trying to attract the public's attention to the June 4th massacre, but the CCP's leadership immediately punished the editor of the newspaper, resulting in the then editor of the "People's Daily" editor -in -chief forced to be forced to be forced to be forced Go down, and another editor was sentenced to 4 years in prison.
The British Embassy in China pointed out that the incident on June 4, 1989 was still strictly reviewed in China, and the authorities even deleted the pictures reported by the party media themselves. Regardless of the rights of the Chinese Constitution at the time, the Chinese constitutional commitment, citizenship, rally, and freedom of speech were still suppressed.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-06042023103549.html 
The US -China warship insurance collided with Li Shangfu in the Taiwan Strait: China "seeking dialogue rather than confrontation" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T10:49:02-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T10:49:02-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China Defense Minister Li Shangfu delivered important speeches on the Safety Safety Forum in Shangri -La, Singapore Associated Press Picture
According to a report from the English Department of this Taiwan Sunday, after a few hours of collision in the Taiwan Strait in the Taiwan Strait, the Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu said at the "Shangri -La Dialogue" on the same day that China "seeking dialogue rather than confrontation".
In a statement, the U.S. Indo -Pacific Command stated that the US missile destroyer "Zhongxun" and the Royal Canadian Navy frigates "Montreal" held the "regular Taiwan Strait transit" mission through the international waters of the Taiwan Strait on June 3, A Chinese navy destroyer shifted in an unsafe manner near the US warships and surpassed the US warships from about 150 yards from the side side. While maintaining the direction, the US warships slowed down to 10 knots to avoid collisions.
The statement pointed out that China ’s behavior violated the safe and safe maritime rules in the international waters, and“ aircraft and vessels in all countries can fly, sail and activities in any region allowed by international law. ” The Chinese Ministry of Defense said that Chinese ships "legally and professional" handled the above situation.
On Sunday, Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu said at the "Shangri -La Dialogue" in Singapore that a set of so -called global security initiative (GSI) proposed by Chinese leaders Xi Jinping is characterized by "dialogue rather than confrontation, partners, not alliance, win -win, win -win situation "Instead of zero". Li Shangfu obviously attacked the United States in his speech, accusing "some countries", "selective practices for rules and international law", and "improving their own rules to people."
There have been differences in the United States and China on many issues, including China's excessive sovereignty in the South China Sea and the accusations of the Indo -Pacific strategy and freedom of the United States who are committed to maintaining freedom and opening up as "sailing hegemony". Li Shangfu once again stated in his speech on the day, "You must prevent attempt to use freedom of sailing ... as an excuse to exercise the hegemony of navigation."
China had previously rejected the United States' request to hold face -to -face talks on the "Shangri -La Dialogue" during the "Shangri -La Dialogue". US Secretary of Defense Austin also "deeply concerned". In his speech, Li Shangfu also accused the United States of "interfere with other domestic politics" and reiterated that Taiwan's issue was "the core of China's core interests." However, Li Shangfu also called on the United States and China to seek common ground and "develop bilateral relations and deepen cooperation."
The US State Department announced on Saturday that Danielkritenbrink, assistant Danielkritenbrink, the assistant director of East Asia and Pacific Affairs, and Sarah Bran, the senior director of China and Taiwan affairs in the White House National Security Council, will visit China on June 4th to China. "Discuss key issues in bilateral relations."
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-06042023104507.html 
There is a wonderful trick to transform into the transformation of biological charcoal to fight climate change 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T11:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T10:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Burger, 3rd) A red brick factory in the Hamburg, Germany's port city, after entering one end, there will be a magical black powder with the potential of climate change coming out of the other end.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This substance is called "biological charcoal", which is made by heating the cocoa shell to 600 degrees Celsius in the anaerobic room. New law
This process locks the greenhouse gas, and the final product can be used as fertilizer or for the production of "green" concrete.
Experts say that although the biochand industry is still in its infancy, this technology provides a new method to remove carbon from the earth's atmosphere.
According to data from the UN Intergovernmental Climate Change Problem Group (IPCC), biological charcoal may be used to capture 2.6 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide each year.
But expanding its use is still a challenge.
Circular Carbon CEO Peik Stenlund told AFP in the biological carbon factory in Hamburg: "We are reverse the carbon cycle."
This factory is one of the largest factories in Europe. From the gray pipeline network of adjacent chocolate factories, it has collected the cocoa bean shell.
Biological charcoal can lock carbon dioxide in the shell.
Before the scientists who studied the fertile soil of the Amazon Basin in the 20th century re -discovered the biological carbon, the American Aboriginal people would take it as fertilizers.
The factory of Hamburg is shrouded in the faint taste of chocolate. The final product poured into a white bag and sold it to local farmers in the form of particles. (Translator: Zheng Shiyun/Calculate: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230604-%E5%8F%AF%E5%8F%AF%E8%B1%86%E5%A3%B3%E5%8F%98%E8%BA%AB%E7%94%9F%E7%89%A9%E7%82%AD-%E5%AF%B9%E6%8A%97%E6%B0%94%E5%80%99%E5%8F%98%E8%BF%81%E6%9C%89%E5%A6%99%E6%8B%9B 
The premiere documentary "Liu Xiaobo in Folmoda" mourn June 4th 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T11:35:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T16:10:53-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Taiwan's producers and directors made a documentary with the theme of commemorating Liu Xiaobo. On the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident this year, it premiered in Taipei. Chen Zifei Photo
This year is the 34th anniversary of June 4th, and also the sixth anniversary of the died in prison in Prison. Xie Xiaoyu, a documentary producer of "Liu Xiaobo in Formosa", said that the film was premiered in Taipei on June 4 this year. I hope to mourn June 4th through the film and express their nostalgia for Liu Xiaobo. The universal value calls on the Chinese government to vote for June 4th and release all conscience.
Reader Plaza | [How do I know June 4th] Come to the Fiest * Liu Xiaobo documentary will be screened in Taipei on June 4 *
Liu Xiaobo, one of the four gentlemen of the square in 1989 and the initiator of the "2008 Charter", has died near the sixth anniversary. The producers and directors of Taiwan have lasted a Chinese exile writer Liao Yiwu, Yan Kefu and others last year. Before the Liu Xiaobo sculpture by the sea, the fifth anniversary of the death of Liu Xiaobo's death, and everyone's nostalgia for Liu Xiaobo, made a documentary, and premiered in Taipei on the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident this year.
Documentary producer and former Taipei Cultural Director Xie Xiaoyi said that when the June 4th incident occurred, it was the focus of global attention. In the past 34 years, I hope to use this opportunity to remind Liu Xiaobo from all walks of life to play an important role in China's democratic development.
 
Xie Xiaoyu said that he hopes to use this opportunity to remind Liu Xiaobo from all walks of life to be important to the development of Chinese democracy.(Chen Zi Fei) Liao Zhifeng: Remember Liu Xiaobo to prevent historical re -acting 
A number of representatives of many Taiwan's culture, art and academic circles attended the premiere of the documentary. Liao Zhifeng, a documentary consultant and the publisher of Yunchen Culture, said that everyone should remember Liu Xiaobo to prevent the historical recurrence of tragedy.
Liao Zhifeng said that everyone must remember Liu Xiaobo to prevent the historical performance of tragedy.(Chen Zi Fei) ** Zeng Jianyuan: Taiwan can learn from his encounter on reflection.
Zeng Jianyuan, chairman of the Chinese People's Lord Academy, said that the June 4th incident was a symbol of Chinese autocracy. Liu Xiaobo was a symbol of Chinese folks' freedom of democracy. However, in the next generation of China, Liu Xiaobo's name was unknown. The contribution is recorded by democratic Taiwan, recorded Liu Xiaobo's story.
Zeng Jianyuan: "The" Charter 08 "that he sponsored, revealing China's civil society, the ideal of pursuing constitutional democracy. He just broke and break through this lies of the rule of law or human rights that the Chinese characteristics of the Communist Party of China. Here (Taiwan), help the Chinese remember Liu Xiaobo. "
Zeng Jianyuan said that the documentary recalls the past and also reflects the situation in Taiwan to face. He took the commemorative sculpture created by Taiwanese artist Zheng Aihua Liu Xiaobo. He was asked to send away only one day in the Taipei City Government as an example. He believed that Taiwanese should reflect on how to face cross -strait issues.
Zeng Jianyuan: "Taipei City Mayor now chose the president (editor's note: means Ke Wenzhe). If he is dealing with Liu Xiaobo's bronze statue, he is like this to lead Taiwan and faces the various threats of the Communist Party of China? It is a torture for Taiwanese society and letting the political figures appear. It is the problem of our Taiwanese facing Liu Xiaobo. When we face the real political issues, or the economic problems involved in the cross -strait We respect Liu Xiaobo. I think it is testing the conscience and moral courage of Taiwanese. "
Yan Keff, an artist who participated in the production of documentary films, said that it will be filmed into a documentary about Liu Xiaobo's thoughts, hoping to play a role in attracting bricks and let more people pay attention to the democratization of mainland China. He also said that Liu Xiaobo's documentary has significant significance in the June 4th premiere, showing that the type of fire that can keep the eight -nine democratic movement of democracy continues.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shushen Shenyi.com Editor: Jessi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/ec-06042023112812.html 
June 4th Hong Kong: Six thousand police defense streets to mourn many people are taken away 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T11:49:00Z
Description: In the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, the fourth consecutive year of mourning the rally Hong Kong. In the atmosphere of killing, there are still people who appear in the Park Garden on this day to express their commemorations in different ways, but under the strict prevention of thousands of police force, the survival time of any action is shorter than before. Zou Xingtong, the former vice chairman of the prisoner, was reported to have a 34 -hour hunger strike in prison.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['谷歌', '香港', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '六四事件', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议', '专题报道：六四30周年']
Id: 65820016
(Voice of Germany) On June 4, the Hong Kong Victoria Garden was bustling during the day, and there were successive people to participate in the "Homosactering Jayname" hosted by the Beijing Township Association during the Sunday holiday. The park entrance has a security check channel, and the security personnel check the portable items of the admittests one by one. There is a celebration atmosphere in the field. There are more than 100 gourmet food and shopping booths representing the provinces of China, and police officers patrolled. There are a large number of iron horses and fences in the Weiyuan. Many teams of police officers are stationed. When they saw the reporter's stop interview, they stepped forward to ask their identities. At the same time, the area of Causeway Bay, where Victoria was located, was also tight. The police sent 6,000 police officers to multiple local alerts in Hong Kong, including Victoria Garden and government agencies, and conducted a "high -gesture patrol". As far as the scene was seen at the scene, more than a dozen police cars and armored vehicles were parked along the road near Victoria. A large number of police officers and counter -terrorism special groups wearing tactical vests were inspected on the street. Essence
Starting in the afternoon, the police strengthened the interception, and many people had not been taken away by the Park. Socialist even Chen Baoying held electronic candles and small yellow flowers to Causeway Bay, and was immediately taken into a police car. A woman in a black and yellow skirt was held during the inspection of the cards with "conscience", and then took into a police car. Someone showed the 64th stage script to the reporter May 35 " Set the script; some people played related songs with mobile phones and shouted "We want freedom" and "Hong Kong people should not be afraid" on the street, and they were eventually taken away.
Mr. Li took a walk in Victoria Garden with the book "The People Will Not forget", and was asked to put away the book by police officers. After he was released, he told reporters: "I think I can be more vague, because flowers and candles must be intercepted, but I have been investigated with this book. It can be seen that the Hong Kong system is becoming more and more ridiculous." 64 interviews with Hong Kong reporters in 1989 and the June Fourth year. Mr. Li was wearing a top with "exercise for the country". He said that he hoped that everyone was patriotic, but he did not necessarily represent the love of the party. "Whether mourning or marching, try to speak up as soon as possible. Hong Kong people will not be so easy to give up and be knocked down. As long as there are legal opportunities and ways for a day, I believe that Hong Kong people will come out again." And the vice chairman was charged with the crime of instigating the subversion of state power](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/支联会前副主席因违反国安法被判刑/a-64956621), I am waiting in prison. There is a page of the note group pages that Zou Xingtong, the vice chairman of the former Branch Federation, will go on a hunger strike for 34 hours in prison.
Six thousand police forces alerting Victoria Park, many people are taken away 
On June 3, the police arrested 4 people near Victoria Garden, saying that they exhibited demonstrations with incitement words, clamoring in public places, etc., suspected of "disturbing order in public places" or "making the use of incitement diagrams as a use of incitement diagrams. "Sin; and took away four people who were suspected of" destroying social tranquility "to the police station for investigation. Among the people arrested or taken away, including the former branch of the volunteer Guan Zhenbang and the member of the mother movement of Tiananmen, Liu Jiayi. Pay tribute "," fasting 89643.4 seconds "and other content paper. Liu Hand held red and white roses and told the media that they planned to fast for 24 hours to mourn. Shortly after the two arrived, the police officer quickly blocked the scene and conducted a search. During the period, the two put the red tape on their mouths and were taken away without resistance. Several artists who had performed the performance of acting in the city near Victoria had appeared last night, but it also appeared last night, but it was difficult to walk under the strict strict effort. Among them, when Chen Shisen, who was named "Sanmu", was taken away by the police officer, shouted "Don't forget June 4th", "knock down the tyranny", "Hong Kong people should not be afraid", and were warned many times. There is a pair of young men and women's bags with white flowers, which are taken away after being questioned.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Democratic Goddess 
Under Tiananmen Morning Daxi, the protesters used plastic foam and gypsum to set up a democratic goddess about 10 meters high on the metal bracket. The goddess location is facing the statue of Mao Zedong on the building of Tiananmen City. In the early morning of June 4, soldiers used tanks and armed vehicles to push the statue.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Singing female police officer 
Before the Chinese government suppressed, the situation was tense, but citizens often sent things to soldiers and police. Sometimes, the entry into the city will sing patriotic songs with the demonstrators. The policewoman in the picture was singing on Tiananmen Square, and a few days later, the army entered, and the democratic movement was suppressed by force.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
struggle 
On June 3, 1989, a day before the June 4th suppression, a woman was sandwiched among the democratic demonstrators and the army near the Great Hall of the People. In the midnight of the day, the 38th Army fired to the non -incompetent people, and finally seized Tiananmen Square, which was occupied by the demonstrators for weeks.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
The weapon seized 
One day before the suppression, thousands of demonstrators were around a bus, and a weapon seized on the top of the car. After the government announced martial law, the soldiers and demonstrations had a subtle relationship. The demonstrators sometimes send gifts to the soldiers to condolences, and the troops have temporarily retired.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Fight for democracy 
In the middle of the night on June 3, a armored carrier car just broke through the roadblocks built by the demonstrator and were surrounded by the demonstrators in front of the party's party. At the same time, martial arts soldiers not far away are preparing to fire the demonstrators.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Burning soldiers 
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
suppression 
On June 4, the first day after the democratic movement led by the student was bloody, a truck loaded with a soldier patrolled on the Changan Street in front of the Beijing Hotel. On the same day, a soldier similar to a truck fired at the tourists standing in the lobby of the Beijing Hotel.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
"Tank Man" 
On June 4, a lonely man holding a shopping bag stood in the middle of Changan Street, trying to block the way of tank formation. Twenty -five years later, this person's final fate is still unknown. This scene has become one of the most symbolic images of the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
dead hero 
On June 5th, a group of people showed a picture of a local native place on Chang'an Street. The deceased on the screen was allegedly a demonstrator who shot shot in the process of seizing Tiananmen Square. The huge wound on the deceased showed that soldiers used Dam. Amnesty International Organization believes that at least 300 civilians were killed.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Clean 
After the army suppressed the democratic movement, two women were cleaning the square, and behind them were a bicycle that had been burned. In the protest movement, several cars and military vehicles were burned, and some soldiers died or injured.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Defense Mao Zedong 
A few days after the suppression, soldiers and tanks were always guarded in front of Tiananmen Tower.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
brother side by side 
In late May 1989, the Associated Press Photography reporter Weiderne (left) and Chinese photographer Liu Xiangcheng took a picture in front of the Forbidden City. At that time, they may not expect that a few days later, the Chinese government used force to suppress the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
Author: jeff widner/Shi Tao

Guild: Mourning Lenovo to end the dictatorship 
It is forbidden to go to the Hong Kong Government on the grounds that the new crown epidemic is prohibited candlelight rally This year is the first 64th anniversary of the cancellation of epidemic prevention measures, but under the low pressure of politics, no group applies for any public mourning activities. Several social movements told the Voice of Germany that they were repeatedly contacted by the National Security Police before June 4th. Some people said that they could not accept the interview. Former district members revealed that they would send electronic candles in their own stores.
The Catholic Hong Kong Diocese Zhou Shouren posted on social media that "it is a special day for many Hong Kong people." In addition to the deceased, he also prayed for "those hard hearts" and hoped that they would be released from deep fear and anxiety.
On the eve of the 64th anniversary, the Chief Executive Li Jiachao and a group of senior officials were repeatedly asked whether pure mourning was illegal, but none of them answered them clearly. In an interview with the commercial radio station on June 4, the member of the executive meeting said that it was not recommended to mourn organizational. He said: "Mourning June 4th is not a problem, but mourning June 4th has been closely related to the slogans of the branch, which is reminiscent of mourning June 4th. The heart is that we want to live in the moment, and we must not live forever. "
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
One anniversary commemorative 
On June 4, 1990, the people of Hong Kong took the streets for the first time to commemorate the first anniversary of the Tiananmen Massacre. From this year, the Hong Kong Federation will organize large -scale mourning activities each year. As the democratic movement in 1989 was a taboo topic in mainland China, Hong Kong gradually became the center of various types of memories related to June 4th.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 

Since 1990, on the evening of June 4, the Victoria Park in Hong Kong has held a candlelight party to mourn the June 4th death and express freedom of democracy. The number of participants is tens of thousands, as many as 100,000 people (according to the number of the organization's branch association, generally higher than the public announced the number), it is the world's largest June 4th commemorative event. (2015 information picture)
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
The old man of Tiananmen 
In 2013, the Taipei people held a candlelight party to commemorate June 4th and support the Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo in the prison. Liu Xiaobo is one of the representatives of the 89 Democratic movement, and together with Zhou Ru, Gao Xin, and Hou Dejian, he became "the four gentlemen of Tiananmen".
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Taipei 
On the 30th anniversary of June 4th, Taipei held a special commemorative event. Earlier, the inflatable "tank man" art device was built by Taiwanese artist Shake in front of the Taipei Zhongzheng Memorial Hall. Democrats such as Wang Dan and Zhou Fengsuo who experienced June 4th attended the present.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4thTaiwan's June 4th commemorative activities are far less than Hong Kong in scale and history, but in recent years, they have received more attention. In 2020, despite the impact of the epidemic, more than 3,000 people still participated in the candlelight mourning party in Taipei. As Hong Kong and Macau banned the June 4 rally on the grounds of prevention of epidemic prevention this year, Taiwan became the only place for three places on both sides of the strait to commemorate June 4th. 
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
June 4th Memorial Hall 
The June Fourth Memorial Hall of Hong Kong has been temporarily located in Jiulong since 2012, and has moved to urban universities and Tsim Sha Tsui. It has been repeatedly settled during the new hall site and was forced to close it many times. In 2018, the Branch Federation will purchase real estate in Mong Kok as the new site, and re -opened the museum in April 2019. After the renovation of the rest of the museum in April 2021, it was reopened at the end of May, but after a few days, it was closed again by the authorities on the grounds of "incomplete licenses".
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
殇 殇 
On the 30th anniversary of the June 4th of 2019, the work of Hong Kong college students cleaning Danish artist JensgalSchiøt "Pillar of Guo Yan". It has been exhibited at various universities in Hong Kong and is now standing on the Huangke Running platform of the University of Hong Kong. Traditionally, the branch association sends people to wash the sculpture on the eve of June 4th every year.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Rebellion under the epidemic 
In 2020 under the new crown epidemic, the authorities have not approved the June 4th rally for the first time in 31 years due to epidemic prevention and restrictions. However, tens of thousands of Hong Kong people still came to Victoria Park to burn the candle.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
again banned again 
In 2021, the Hong Kong authorities banned the June 4th Memorial Party again. After the Hong Kong National Security Law came into effect a year ago, the space and free space for Hong Kong society were further squeezed. At the same time, Macau's folk June 4th commemorative activities have been banned for the second consecutive year.

News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/六四香港：六千警防街頭悼念-多人被帶走/a-65820016?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Wall foreign striking: Hong Kong "June 4th" -personal memory is immortal, collective memory is worrying 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T11:58:00Z
Description: Some comments believe that it is extremely difficult to completely erase the June 4th memory of Hong Kong. However, in the past two or three years, the national high pressure reached a considerable degree, which hindered the June 4th discussion and affected collective memories.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['谷歌', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '移民难民', '香港', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '台湾']
Keywords: ['香港', '台湾', '六四', '个人记忆', '集体记忆', '六四精神', '六四纪念', '人权']
Id: 65820012
Today, Hong Kong Victoria Garden commemorates this scene of June 4th (data picture: June 4, 2011)
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Singapore's "Duan Media" published an article "Interview with Li Lifeng: Public June 4th Memorial disappeared Will memory break? ", Li Lifeng, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, said in an interview with reporters Li Huiyi and Fu Yuxin that they should be completely wiped away Hong Kong's June 4th Memory In fact, it is extremely difficult. Any society has the ability to keep a memory, even if it is small, retain the ability of memory, plus Hong Kong's international network and connection. In the past, it was a large scale, a memorial in the whole society. Now the atmosphere is different. It is no longer a DominantMemory, but as a group of actual groups, at least a lot of absolute Hong Kong people, even more than half of the Hong Kong people, still remember what he still remembers.
Li Lifeng believes that from an academic perspective, if there is no public lecture or action, it cannot even be called collective memory. Because collective memory does not mean that you remember, I remember it is called collective memory. In Hong Kong society, from 1990 to 2019, June 4th was a strong collective memory, because everyone really said that it occupied a very important position. Of course, it is difficult for Hong Kong's state to discuss one thing in a complete way. It commemorates the only thing that can be said to be exported. In the past two or three years, National high voltage has reached a considerable level It hindered the discussion of June 4th.
In Hong Kong on June 3 this year, police performers of police arrest behavior near Victoria
"The spirit of the June 4th will leave the hearts of everyone in different forms" 
Taiwan "reported" published an article "June 4th, [Four Tongqiao is gone]"(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/六四前夕四通桥从中国地图应用程序消失/a-65816483)", The author Zhang Qiongyin said, reviewing the past, whether it was the June 4th incident, the Sitongqiao anti -learning incident, the white paper movement, or the Urumqi fire, the demolished" Urumqi Middle Road "road sign proved that the more the Chinese authorities used each other, The way to wipe out the historical behavior of these people's resistance to wipe out the people's resistance, the more indicating that the Chinese authorities are afraid of the people's resistance to the people, and they think that it is necessary to eliminate the memory of the group through the obscure and overbearing things. This kind of stupidity Instead, the behavior reminds the public that the deeds have happened here. It is also because of this that the June 4th incident can still deeply plant the people's hearts after the CCP government has continued to increase the control of various items over the years.
The article said that today, 34 years later, Hong Kong is also strictly forbidden to hold the June 4th mourning activities after the National Security Law and the counterparts. But the spirit of the June 4th still exists in Taiwan, the United States and the world. To this day, the CCP government has never announced the number of deaths who suppress the action. The June 4th spirit will leave the hearts of everyone in different forms, and whether the CCP authorities want to wipe out the bloody history that cannot be wiped out.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
One anniversary commemorative 
On June 4, 1990, the people of Hong Kong took the streets for the first time to commemorate the first anniversary of the Tiananmen Massacre. From this year, the Hong Kong Federation will organize large -scale mourning activities each year. As the democratic movement in 1989 was a taboo topic in mainland China, Hong Kong gradually became the center of various types of memories related to June 4th.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 

Since 1990, on the evening of June 4, the Victoria Park in Hong Kong has held a candlelight party to mourn the June 4th death and express freedom of democracy. The number of participants is tens of thousands, as many as 100,000 people (according to the number of the organization's branch association, generally higher than the public announced the number), it is the world's largest June 4th commemorative event. (2015 information picture)
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
The old man of Tiananmen 
In 2013, the Taipei people held a candlelight party to commemorate June 4th and support the Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo in the prison. Liu Xiaobo is one of the representatives of the 89 Democratic movement, and together with Zhou Ru, Gao Xin, and Hou Dejian, he became "the four gentlemen of Tiananmen".
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Taipei 
On the 30th anniversary of June 4th, Taipei held a special commemorative event. Earlier, the inflatable "tank man" art device was built by Taiwanese artist Shake in front of the Taipei Zhongzheng Memorial Hall. Democrats such as Wang Dan and Zhou Fengsuo who experienced June 4th attended the present.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Three places on both sides of the strait 
Taiwan's June 4th commemorative activities are far less than Hong Kong in scale and history, but in recent years, they have received more attention. In 2020, despite the impact of the epidemic, more than 3,000 people still participated in the candlelight mourning party in Taipei. As Hong Kong and Macau banned the June 4 rally on the grounds of prevention of epidemic prevention this year, Taiwan became the only place for three places on both sides of the strait to commemorate June 4th.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
June 4th Memorial Hall 
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
殇 殇 
On the 30th anniversary of the June 4th of 2019, the work of Hong Kong college students cleaning Danish artist JensgalSchiøt "Pillar of Guo Yan". It has been exhibited at various universities in Hong Kong and is now standing on the Huangke Running platform of the University of Hong Kong. Traditionally, the branch association sends people to wash the sculpture on the eve of June 4th every year.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Rebellion under the epidemic 
In 2020 under the new crown epidemic, the authorities have not approved the June 4th rally for the first time in 31 years due to epidemic prevention and restrictions. However, tens of thousands of Hong Kong people still came to Victoria Park to burn the candle.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
again banned again 
In 2021, the Hong Kong authorities banned the June 4th Memorial Party again. After the Hong Kong National Security Law came into effect a year ago, the space and free space for Hong Kong society were further squeezed. At the same time, Macau's folk June 4th commemorative activities have been banned for the second consecutive year.
### "The mourning and memorial of June 4th is a car"
The "crooked brain" in Washington published an article "The History of the 34th June 4th Memorial Interpretation of Taiwan: from" Blood Connection "," Chinese Human Rights "to" Fighting Degreal "", the author Ruta wrote how to interpret the June 4th Evening Party in Taiwan In fact, it is also a constant re -writing and delay of the right to interpretation. Reports in previous years show that in the June 4th Memorial, public opinion emphasizes "cross-strait compatriots' hand affairs", some people discuss "the necessity of anti-China Baozai", and some people mourn the historical pain of their respective nations- The meaning continuously spread outward.
The article quotes Lin Xinyi, a director of human rights connection between Tibet, saying that from Hong Kong's countermeasures and white paper movements, the June 4th Evening Festival will continue to grow new meaning. This is a good thing. When new discussions are constantly explained recently, it means that this resistance movement is still underway. As long as it is a participant, it will not want a movement to eventually become a "fault". Rather than let the June 4th symbol, we also hope that June 4th's mourning and commemoration is a formula. All newly joined groups should be a nutrients that resist -because every memory and experience they experience is real.
The content of the excerpt from other media does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/墙外文摘：香港-六四-个人记忆不灭，集体记忆堪忧/a-65820012?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
China Secretary of Defense: If there is a fierce conflict between China and the United States, it will be the "unbearable pain" in the world 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:11:57+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 04:11:57Z
Description: Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu said on Sunday (June 4) that if there is a fierce conflict between China and the United States, it will be an unbearable pain in the world, but China seek dialogue rather than confrontation.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '中国'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-seeks-dialog-says-clash-with-u-s-would-be-unbearable-disaster-20230604/7122151.html 
Police on the 64th anniversary of the Hong Kong Police are taken away 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:29:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T16:09:02-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chen Baoying, the chairman of the Society, was taken away by the police in the business district of Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. Screenshot Wu Wenyuan Facebook, former chairman of Social Min
The 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, Hong Kong Victoria Park, which has always held a mourning rally, has become a venue for the return of the "Rural Love" to the "Township City Collection" this year. The Hong Kong police strengthened deployment around Victoria, and the news that many people including the chairman of the Socialist Corporation, Chen Baoying, and former chairman of the Ji Jie Association were taken away by the police.
Tiananmen Mother: "Never forget that dark night" * The 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of Taiwan held the only public commemorative party on both sides of the strait **
* 4 people arrested 4 people on the eve of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th ?(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt-06022023021308.html) 
After the June 4th incident in 1989, Hong Kong Victoria Park's candlelight commemorative rally every year in June 4th was the world's largest June 4th commemorative event. In June 4th this year, Hong Kong did not have a candlelight party for the fourth consecutive year.
The former chairman of the community and the former chairman Wu Wenyuan posted on Facebook. At the seven o'clock in the evening, Chen Baoying, the chairman of the Society, held a yellow paper flower and electronic candle. He stood on the Jili George Street, Causeway Bay. Go to a police car. According to Wu Wenyuan's photo of Chen Baoying's police car, she has been raising yellow paper flowers in her hand, and the photo marking#refuses to forget.
At around 6 o'clock in the evening, Hong Kong's "Ji Zhishe" reported that Mai Yanting, former chairman of the Hong Kong Journalists Association, also appeared in Causeway Bay and was taken away by police officers present. According to the reporter of "Ji Zhishe", the police officer searched Mai Yanting at the entrance of Causeway Bay. The two sides were arguing. She was then taken away by the police. It is reported that Mai Yanting also interviewed the 33rd anniversary of the 64th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of Causeway Bay last year.
Mai Yanting has been the chairman of the Hong Kong Records Association for 25 years. The industry is called "MAK Sister MAK". The U.S. Congress and the Chinese Committee of the Executive authorities testified at hearing. The Wenwen Report also made Mai Yanting and two other associations, Yang Jianxing and Chen Langsheng as "anti -China -China Random Port".
In addition, the famous social movement, known as the "mother -in -law Wang", holds flowers in the afternoon and lifts the "5" and "1" gestures with both hands. It means that the 2019 demonstrators are often called "five major demands, lack of one indispensable". Surrounded by famous police officers, bringing away from Causeway Bay.
In addition, the police also took many people in the afternoon, including women with the word "conscience", and the three -character script of the stage drama "May 35" with the theme of June 4th, young people at Mo Station in Causeway Bay.
Behavioral artist Sanmu was arrested and shouted, "Don't be afraid of Hong Kong people, don't forget June 4th" 
There have been sporadic commemorative activities on the eve of June 4th, and many participants have been arrested. On the evening of the 3rd, near the Causeway Bay Business District, AFP reporters witnessed the police pushed several acting artists into a police car.
After being arrested on the 3rd of Hong Kong artists on the 3rd, he shouted on the streets of Causeway Bay: "Don't be afraid of Hong Kong people, don't forget that tomorrow is June 4th."(Screenshot from Twitter) The police announced in the evening that four people had been arrested, and the crime was "destroying order in public places" and "behavior with incitement". After the artist Chen Sanmu was arrested, he shouted repeatedly on the streets of Causeway Bay: "Don't be afraid of them (police). Don't be afraid of Hong Kong people. Don't forget that tomorrow will be June 4th." Behavioral artist Chen Meitong was also taken on a police car in the nearby area at night.
Hong Kong artist Huang Guomai appeared at Taipei Liberty Plaza on the 4th to attend the June 4th Evening Party, and accepted an interview with this station that Sanmu's performance in Causeway Bay has exceeded 10 years. In the past, he also performed with Sanmu. In his opinion, this kind of terrorist caution in Hong Kong is normal, because the Hong Kong police have become a terrorist group to perform a drama of "scaring you".
"My friend Sanmu is very brave. When he was caught, he told Hong Kong people not to be afraid, don't forget that tomorrow is June 4th. I think he is demonstrating to us. The secret of freedom is courage." Huang Guo said.
Hong Kong artist Huang Guocai appeared at the Taipei June 4th Festival. He said that the secret of Sanmu demonstrated freedom is courage.(Reporter Li Zonghan Photo) Taiwan University's overseas Chinese student Liu Jiayi Garden's arrest of Taiwan college student group support On the evening of the 4th, Xu Guanze, President of the Graduate Association of Taiwan University, and Sun Yuqian, the president of Taiwan University Student Students held a press conference at the Free Square in Taipei to support the National Taiwan University Architecture and Urban -Rural Research Institute(Urban area)Graduate Liu Jiayi. Xu Guanze shared a conversation with Liu Jiayi at the "Urban and Rural Communications" in the National Taiwan University Urban and Rural Institute in 2021.
 
He said that today's thirty -four years ago, the Chinese government violently suppressed the students of Tiananmen Square with tanks. At this moment, China still has no advancement at this moment, and now he has stretched the black hands into Hong Kong. Peaceful demonstrator. He admires Liu Jiayi not only a graduate student from the National Taiwan University from Hong Kong, but also a sportsman who dedicated his life to the pursuit of freedom and democracy. They will pay close attention to the personal situation of classmate Liu, and also call on the presidents of the National Taiwan University to support their students and give necessary assistance.
In the evening, the National Taiwan University responded that Liu Jiayi was a Hong Kong student in the urban and rural institutes. The June 4th incident is a major historical event that the world cares about, and it is always worthy of vigilance. The National Taiwan University is currently in contact with relevant units, hoping that the competent authorities and all walks of life can support and assist Liu Liu.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Chen Meihua Xu Shushen Shenyi.com Editor: Jessi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/hcm2-06042023121833.html 
By the border soldier, the bizarre fire brewed 4 deaths and 1 injury to the two countries launched a joint investigation 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Jerusalem on the 3rd) Israeli and Egyptian officials said that one Egyptian "police" killed three Israeli soldiers in rare crossfires near the border between the two countries today, and the attacker was also killed.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Israeli army said that one Egyptian attacker shot 2 Israeli soldiers in the morning. They are stationed at a military whistle in Mitzpe Ramon, Mitzpe Ramon, Mitzpe, near the Egyptian border.
After being discovered by the bodies of the two, the Israeli troops were pursuing, and the third soldiers were killed during the hunt.
The Israeli military stated that the attacker was determined to be an Egyptian police, saying that he was killed by the Israeli army after being discovered in the "Israeli territory".
The statement stated that he was investigating the "Better Cooperation with the Egyptian Army".
The Israeli military said the 4th place Israeli was a non -commissioned officer who was injured and was sent to the hospital for treatment.
A spokesman for the Egyptian military said, "One member of the security forces ... huntering drug smugglers. During the chase, the security forces were crossed the security fence (border)" and then happened.
The Egyptian Ministry of Defense said the Egyptian Minister of Defense Mohamed Zaki later spoke with the Israeli National Defense Minister Yoav Galland, "discussing the situation of today's incident."
The Israeli Ministry of Defense said that Grandte "emphasizes the importance of further cooperation to prevent such incidents from happening again."
Based on the CAMP David Accords in 1978, Egypt became the first Arab country to get along with Israel, but in Egypt, the relationship between the two sides was still generally opposed.
Although the rebellion occurred in the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt, and occasionally a fire broke out between the drug dealers and the Israeli army, the borders of Egypt were roughly calm.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230604-%E4%BB%A5%E5%9F%83%E8%BE%B9%E5%A2%83%E5%A3%AB%E5%85%B5%E7%A6%BB%E5%A5%87%E9%A9%B3%E7%81%AB%E9%85%BF4%E6%AD%BB1%E4%BC%A4-%E4%B8%A4%E5%9B%BD%E5%B1%95%E5%BC%80%E8%81%94%E5%90%88%E8%B0%83%E6%9F%A5 
Mountain collapse of the mountain collapse of the state -owned forest farm in Leshan, Sichuan: 14 people were killed and 5 people lost contact 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:35:38-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:35:38-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The mountain collapse occurred in the state -owned forest farm in Leshan, Sichuan Network Screenshot/CCTV News Network
According to the news released by the official Xinhua News Agency on June 4th, the Leshan Municipal Government of Sichuan Province, the high mountain collapse occurred on the same day in Lu'erping Township, Yongsheng Township, Jinkouhe District, Leshan City. The remains of the victims were lost. At present, more than 180 people and 14 professional rescue equipment have been organized in the local area, and search and rescue work continues.
According to media reports such as CCTV and Jimu News, the place where the accident occurred was located in the mountains, and landscapes had also been previously occurred. The cause of the casualties this time was because the mountain collapse spread to a shed in the forest farm, and many people were sent to local hospitals for treatment. The staff of the Jinkouhe District People's Hospital said that the hospital did have the wounded from the forest farm, but the specific situation of the injured was not disclosed.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-06042023123016.html 
Qiao Xinxin, a former special reporter in Southeast Asia, has reportedly attracted public opinion attention 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:38:16-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:38:16-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Qiao Xinxin, former special reporter of the Chinese Department in Southeast Asia, recently reportedly lost contact with the outside world. Network screenshot/rights protection network
Qiao Xinxin, former special reporter of the Chinese Department in Southeast Asia, recently reportedly lost contact with the outside world. The news released by the Rights Rights Network on June 4 pointed out that on the occasion of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, Qiao Xingxin, who was in Laos, lost contact with the demolition of the Chinese network firewall movement, which caused the outside world to worry about the Chinese police's implementation of cross -border arrest.
The report quoted the attention of Qiao Xingxin's Internet news. On the evening of June 3, a friend Qiao Xinxin arrived at his residence and found that the door of his residence was locked. A Laos neighbor said that about 3 days ago, 2 Laos police and 6 Chinese police came. Another friend said that he was tracked last night, so he had to change his residence frequently and temporarily inconvenient to be interviewed by the media. Other people called Qiao Xingxin's call, but Laos and English reminded "unable to connect."
According to reports, Qiao Xinxin disclosed in April this year that the Chinese police organized the provinces to organize the provinces to enter Beijing and conduct a special battle for a month with the "Overseas Internet Army". At the same time, the authorities also instructed the Hunan Provincial Public Security Department, Qidong County, town police station and village cadres to investigate his personal situation and put pressure on him through local relatives and friends.
Rights Protection Network pointed out that as of now, it is not clear whether Qiao Xinxin has been arrested back to mainland China.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-06042023123621.html 
June 4th 34th Anniversary Cai Yingwen: I hope young Chinese can sing freely one day 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:41:52-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:41:52-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Taiwan ’s President Tsai Ing -wen shared the“ Guizhou Metro Chorus ”that has occurred through Facebook through Facebook, hoping that young Chinese people can sing freely one day. Screenshot of Facebook/Cai Yingwen TSAI Ing-Wen
This Sunday is the 34th anniversary of the 64th Annmen incident. Taiwan ’s President Tsai Ing -wen shared the“ Guizhou Metro Chorus Incident ”through Facebook. It is hoped that young people in China can sing freely one day.
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, many young people sang "Guizhou Metro Chorus Incident" recently, "I don't want to live in the underground." Tsai Ing -wen said that this song has caused widespread widespread Resonance reflects the mood of Chinese young people living in today's era. She hopes that one day, young people in China can sing freely. When creating expressions, there is only enthusiasm and no worry.
In addition, Ke Wenzhe, the party chairman of the Taiwan election on behalf of the people, issued a statement on behalf of the 2024th election of the Taiwan election, calling on Taiwan to become a window for China to pursue democracy and freedom.
Ke Wenzhe went to Japan to visit the same day. He said through Facebook that night that 34 years ago, the Chinese people gathered in Tiananmen Square in Beijing to fight for democracy and freedom. Today, 34 years later, the Chinese people still did not stop the pursuit of democracy and freedom. Essence He emphasized that universal values and talent human rights should not be deprived by any artificial system.
Ke Wenzhe pointed out that he had been in China many times to conduct medical exchanges with local doctors. The enthusiasm of doctors dedicated to patients was the same; regardless of the United States, Japan, Taiwan, and even China, the people's desire for democracy and freedom should be the same. Essence Mourning 34 years ago, "Let us make Taiwan more brave as a window for China to pursue democratization and liberalization."
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-06042023123845.html 
Senior officials of the State Department arrived in Beijing to visit 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T13:04:00Z
Description: The US State Department's assistant secretary of East Asian affairs arrived in Beijing on Sunday and will meet in the next week. As the US -China relations are tense, Washington sought to strengthen communication with China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美']
Keywords: ['布林肯', '美中关系', '美国国务院', '中美关系']
Id: 65820554
U.S. State Department senior official Clang Blinsk
(Voice of German in Chinese) The US State Department issued a statement on Saturday stating that Danielkritenbrink, assistant Secretary of State, who is responsible for East Asia and Pacific Affairs, will negotiate on "core affairs in bilateral relations." Accompanying him to visit the White House National Security Council, Sarah Bran, senior director of China and Taiwan.
Clang Blins' official meeting will start on Monday. A US State Department spokesman said that during Beijing, Clang Blins will mention human rights issues as usual and continue to work as the basic freedom of the Chinese people.
Clang Blins arrived on the day of the June 4th incident of Tiananmen, China. On Saturday, U.S. Secretary of State Brillings issued a statement to commemorate, saying that "the bravery of the dead will not be forgotten, but will continue to inspire the world to pursue these principles." In China, the discussion about the suppression of the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen is taboos, and it is also strictly reviewed in social media.
In the journey from Clang Blins to June 10th, New Zealand will also be visited to participate in the New Zealand strategic dialogue.
Last month, Bernes, Director of the United States CIA visited China Essence A U.S. official said Bernus emphasized the "importance of maintaining a smooth communication in the intelligence field in the field of intelligence." However, US Secretary of Defense Austin criticized [China refuses to hold a military dialogue] on Saturday(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中国中美激烈冲突对抗是世界不可承受之痛/a-65819515)Essence
U.S. Secretary of State Brosky was postponed after the occurrence of Chinese spy balls as allegedly Chinese spy balls in February.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/媒体中国拒绝重新安排布林肯访华行程/a-65334015)Essence
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美国国务院高级官员抵京访问/a-65820554?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The residential area of central Ukraine was killed by a girl in Russia in Russia 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T13:24
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T14:13
Description: A residential area in central Ukraine was hit by the Russian army on Saturday (June 3) in a residential area. A girl was killed and 22 were injured. Agence France -Presse reported that Zelei Sky released on Saturday on the social media platform to release the news that Diebero was attacked by the Russian army. "They (Russia ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '乌克兰', '空袭', '泽连斯基', '俄罗斯']
A residential area in central Ukraine was hit by the Russian army on Saturday (June 3) in a residential area. A girl was killed and 22 were injured.
Agence France -Presse reported that Zelei Siki released the news that Diebero was attacked by the Russian army on the social media platform on Saturday. Someone. "
He also released a live video that shows that rescue workers are conducting search and rescue work in the destroyed buildings.
Governor of Dnipropropetrovsk said that he dug a two -year -old girl's body in the ruins. He said earlier that the air strike was injured, including five children.
In the post, Zelei emphasized that air strikes once again prove that Russia is a "terrorist country" and shows that Russia is responsible for all behaviors of Ukraine.
According to Reuters, the Ukraine capital Kiev on Sunday (4th) was also air attack. The Ukrainian military said that the Ukraine air defense system repelled all the missiles and drones close to Kiev. alarm.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401036 
June 4th 34th Anniversary: "Tiananmen Mother" reiterates three demands 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T13:49:00Z
Description: On the eve of the 34th anniversary of the 64th, the "Tiananmen Mother" organization composed of the families of the victims released a sacrifice to reiterate the three demands of the "truth, compensation, and responsibility" of the June 4th slaughter. At the same time, the German Embassy in China posted on Weibo on Sunday morning to mourn in June 4th.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['六四事件', '专题报道：六四30周年']
Keywords: ['天安门母亲', '六四', '六四34周年', '互联网', '德国驻华大使馆']
Id: 65820830
(Voice of Germany) "Tiananmen Mother" published a sacrifice through the "China Human Rights" organization website headquartered in New York on the eve of June 4th, reiterating the June 4th massacre "truth, compensation, responsibility" Three demands. The sacrifice wrote: "2023 is the" June 4th "tragedy in Shili Changan, the capital of China, the capital of China in 1989. The 34th year of the 34th year passed. For us, it was difficult for us to belong to the group. Like a nightmare, I will always be lingering in the bottom of my heart. During the peaceful period, the government rushed to the world, and used the national military forces to suppress the students and ordinary people who had no inch-handed iron. The tragedy. The truth of the "June 4th" is not public all day, and the day is not justified to us. We will not let go of the justice of the death of our loved ones!"
This sacrifice was signed by 116 people and has a total of 71 members of the late Tiananmen mothers who have signed by the signatures over the years. "Tiananmen Mother" said that since the June 4th anniversary of 2022, the group of 7 victims of the group died.
The sacrifice finally wrote: "Our Tiananmen mothers have walked on the road to maintaining their legitimate rights for 34 years. Although we haven't seen hope, we will not give up. The accountability "three appeals to the government's justice, maintain our dignity, and justice for the dead. We expect the government to apologize to all the families of the victims in the" June 4th "tragedy of the year and regret the people!"
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Democratic Goddess 
Under Tiananmen Morning Daxi, the protesters used plastic foam and gypsum to set up a democratic goddess about 10 meters high on the metal bracket. The goddess location is facing the statue of Mao Zedong on the building of Tiananmen City. In the early morning of June 4, soldiers used tanks and armed vehicles to push the statue.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Singing female police officer 
Before the Chinese government suppressed, the situation was tense, but citizens often sent things to soldiers and police. Sometimes, the entry into the city will sing patriotic songs with the demonstrators. The policewoman in the picture was singing on Tiananmen Square, and a few days later, the army entered, and the democratic movement was suppressed by force.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
struggle 
On June 3, 1989, a day before the June 4th suppression, a woman was sandwiched among the democratic demonstrators and the army near the Great Hall of the People. In the midnight of the day, the 38th Army fired to the non -incompetent people, and finally seized Tiananmen Square, which was occupied by the demonstrators for weeks.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
The weapon seized 
One day before the suppression, thousands of demonstrators were around a bus, and a weapon seized on the top of the car. After the government announced martial law, the soldiers and demonstrations had a subtle relationship. The demonstrators sometimes send gifts to the soldiers to condolences, and the troops have temporarily retired.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Fight for democracy 
In the middle of the night on June 3, a armored carrier car just broke through the roadblocks built by the demonstrator and were surrounded by the demonstrators in front of the party's party. At the same time, martial arts soldiers not far away are preparing to fire the demonstrators.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Burning soldiers 
On the evening of June 3, the demonstrators ignited a armored carrier on the Chang'an Street in Tiananmen. This is the last photo taken by photographer Jeffwidner that night. Soon after that, he was accidentally hit by a brick thrown by the demonstrator. Although suffering strenuous brain shocks, because the camera in the hand offset most of the impact, Wednel escaped the robbery and was not in danger of life.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
suppression 
On June 4, the first day after the democratic movement led by the student was bloody, a truck loaded with a soldier patrolled on the Changan Street in front of the Beijing Hotel. On the same day, a soldier similar to a truck fired at the tourists standing in the lobby of the Beijing Hotel.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
"Tank Man" 
On June 4, a lonely man holding a shopping bag stood in the middle of Changan Street, trying to block the way of tank formation. Twenty -five years later, this person's final fate is still unknown. This scene has become one of the most symbolic images of the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
dead hero 
On June 5th, a group of people showed a picture of a local native place on Chang'an Street. The deceased on the screen was allegedly a demonstrator who shot shot in the process of seizing Tiananmen Square. The huge wound on the deceased showed that soldiers used Dam. Amnesty International Organization believes that at least 300 civilians were killed.
*
Clean 
After the army suppressed the democratic movement, two women were cleaning the square, and behind them were a bicycle that had been burned. In the protest movement, several cars and military vehicles were burned, and some soldiers died or injured.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Defense Mao Zedong 
A few days after the suppression, soldiers and tanks were always guarded in front of Tiananmen Tower.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
brother side by side 
In late May 1989, the Associated Press Photography reporter Weiderne (left) and Chinese photographer Liu Xiangcheng took a picture in front of the Forbidden City. At that time, they may not expect that a few days later, the Chinese government used force to suppress the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
Author: jeff widner/Shi Tao
The Human Rights Observation Organization on Sunday (June 4) calls on the Chinese authorities to recognize the responsibilities of the demonstrations of the democratic movement on a large scale and provide compensation for the dead and their families.
Human Rights Observing Wang Yaqiu, a senior researcher at the Chinese ministry, stated in the statement: "The Chinese government continues to escape the responsibility of the Sixth Six Fourth Luck more than 30 years ago, so as to detain millions of people at will, implement severe speech review and monitoring, and start with it. Internationally violated human rights. "
"Tiananmen Mother" was initiated by Professor Ding Zilin and others of Renmin University of China, who lost his loved ones in the "June 4th". Since 1994, this difficult group will jointly let the Chinese conferences jointly, and urge the Chinese Communist Party and the Chinese government to be the Chinese government. The "June 4th Incident" is responsible. But for more than thirty years, the authorities not only did not respond any response, but instead. The "Tiananmen Mother" group conducted severe suppression and intimidation, including prohibiting them from mourning the deceased and interviewing foreign media.
The German Embassy in China mourn June 4th and was deleted 
According to a screenshot circulating on Twitter, the German embassy in China was quickly deleted on Weibo in June 4th. According to the Twitter account "Teacher Li is not your teacher", in the early morning of June 4, the German Embassy released a short film with only white candles, there was no text, and then the Weibo was deleted.
In addition, the German Embassy in China forwarded the textbook of the EU delegation's Weibo "EU" in China. Do not forget those who remember history. "This post was deleted earlier. On Sunday evening, "The European Union in China" re -post the same posts on Weibo. As of press time, you can still see this tweet on Weibo.
In fact, this is not the first time that the German Embassy in China has been deleted by the "June 4th". On the 33rd anniversary of last year, the embassy Weibo also published the content of only a candlelight picture, but soon "disappeared."
The Chinese authorities will [increase the control of the Internet] during the June 4th period each year](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/六四前夕四通桥从中国地图应用程序消失/a-65816483)Essence According to the information circulating on the Internet, Douyin issued an internal notification to the platform KOL. From June 3rd to June 5th, you need to pay attention to the wind direction of the comment. "Tanks", "Jackie Chan/Tan Yonglin/Zeng Zhiwei/Mei Yanfang and other Hong Kong performing artists", "Tiananmen", "Objects into a row of elements" and other content.
(Comprehensive report)
*#
Picture Review: Those Hong Kong stars who once supported the June Fourth Democratic Games 
Mei Yanfang 
It is undoubtedly one of the representative figures of the 89 -year -old Hong Kong performing arts celebrities supporting the Beijing Democratic Movement. The red singing of the popular songs such as "Women's Flowers", "Flowing the Year of the Water", "Rouge Buckle" and so on. The "Democratic Songs Dedicated China" fundraising campaign that gathered a large number of first -line superstars at that time was held. At that time, in addition to Mei Yanfang, the singers also included Jackie Chan, Teresa Teng, Shen Dianxia, Zhou Huajian, Lu Guanting, Zhong Zhenting, Zhang Xueyou, Beyond, Zhou Huimin, Wang Jie, Huang Yaoming, Chen Baiqiang and other 100 artists. Zeng Zhiwei participated in the 12 -hour event at the time, and the organizer claimed that he had raised a total of more than 10 million Hong Kong dollars.
*#
Picture Review: Those Hong Kong stars who once supported the June Fourth Democratic Games 
Jackie Chan 
In 1989, it is one of the activists that support the Beijing Student Democratic Movement. In the "Democratic Songs Dedication of China", Jackie Chan contributed the "friend" and the finale song "Friends" in the performing arts industry. The guest of the Chinese variety shows every year, at the same time, has served as a kung fu star of the CPPCC member. I play the fire, I say I know me, I say I cherish me. " Jackie Chan, who was popular with the police story series at that time, publicly stated that when he supports the 89th student movement: Any Chinese will not bow to the authoritarian power. After more than 30 years, Jackie Chan, who sang "a country with a country with a country" in all parts of China, expressed his high -profile opposition during the "anti -delivery" campaign in Hong Kong and played the role of "flag guard".
*#
Picture Review: Those Hong Kong stars who once supported the June Fourth Democratic Games 
Zeng Zhiwei 
Jackie Chan's friend, the host, actor, producer Zeng Zhiwei from the dragon and tiger martial arts, wearing red -type clothes at the end of May in 1989, participating in the event of "Democratic Songs". After Mei Yanfang's death, Zeng Zhiwei, who had taken over Jackie Chan, Tan Yonglin and other artists who took over as the president of the Hong Kong Performing Artists Association, gradually became the guests of major variety shows and political gift programs in mainland China. Zeng Zhiwei, more than 30 years ago, is still a comedy comedy who actively raises a good model for the Beijing Democratic Movement in the "Democratic Singing Voice" activity.
*#
Picture Review: Those Hong Kong stars who once supported the June Fourth Democratic Games 
Tan Yonglin 
Picture Review: Those Hong Kong stars who once supported the June Fourth Democratic Games 
Andy Lau 
Andy Lau, who is popular in mainland China, is the image and spiritual idol of mainland China. During the June 4th period, Andy Lau once expressed the spirit of supporting the Chinese democratic movement. At that time, the leader of the "Four Heavenly Kings" said at the time that he would play a "leading role" and hoped that "everyone will fight for democracy and freedom together in the future." Although he later issued sympathetic students and opposed violence during the 2014 Hong Kong Occupation Movement, Lau, who later held a concert in mainland China and attended a variety of large variety shows including the Spring Festival Gala. And the words "democracy" and "freedom".
*#
Picture Review: Those Hong Kong stars who once supported the June Fourth Democratic Games 

In 1989, it was a very special year for Hong Kong movie star Maggie Zhang Manyu. This year, through the appearance of Wang Jiawei's film debut "Mong Kok Kamen", she began to get rid of the image of the pure jade girl created in Jackie Chan's "Police Story" series of films, and began to embark on the road of a strong female movie star. In the same year, Zhang Manyu said that she would try to support the democratic movement of China at that time as much as possible, and called on all parties to be together, "FIGHT for democracy, I hope we can succeed!" After decades, the democratic movement in China has not succeeded, and it has been suppressed unprecedentedly. Zhang Manyu, known as "always has a schedule and never has no time", has begun to embark on the road of rock singers in mainland China.
*#
Picture Review: Those Hong Kong stars who once supported the June Fourth Democratic Games 
30 years ago 
At that time, the Chinese democratic movement of the Chinese democratic movement also included Zhang Xueyou, Zhou Runfa, Xu Zhi'an, Luo Guanting, Li Keqin, Zhong Zhentao, Qi Qin, Zhou Huimin, Zhao Yayun, Lin Yilian, Chen Baiqiang, Chen Baiqiang, Chen Baiqiang, Chen Baiqiang, Chen Baiqiang, Zhang Mingmin, Zhou Huajian, Ye Qianwen, Lin Zixiang, Wang Jie and others. During the thirty -three years, some people who performed on the stage at that time later entered the Chinese CPPCC, some were unwilling to talk about June 4th, and some people continued to adhere to the June 4th. Huang Yaoming, who participated in the performance, was interviewed by Radio Hong Kong on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the June 4th anniversary that the same passerby was "human nature" because of "humanity".
Author: Voice of Germany Chinese website

News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/六四34周年：「天安门母亲」重申三项诉求/a-65820830?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Prime Minister Australia first visited Vietnam to rapidly improve Australia and Vietnam's diplomatic relations 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T14:08
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T14:12
Description: Australian Prime Minister Albanis's first official visit to Vietnam during his term of office on Saturday (June 3), hoping that the Australian diplomatic relations will be upgraded to a comprehensive strategic partnership as soon as possible. According to Bloomberg and Yuetong News Agency, Albanis Sunday (4th) in Hanoi and Vietnam ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['澳大利亚', '越南', '阿尔巴尼斯', '阮富仲', '援助计划']
Australian Prime Minister Albanis's first official visit to Vietnam during his term of office on Saturday (June 3), hoping that the Australian diplomatic relations will be upgraded to a comprehensive strategic partnership as soon as possible.
According to Bloomberg and Vietnam News Agency, Albanis held a joint press conference with Vietnamese Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng on Sunday (4th) in Hanoi. He showed that the Australian hopes to improve the relationship between the two sides into a comprehensive strategic partnership as soon as possible.
Fan Mingzheng said that the goal of the two countries was to increase the amount of bilateral trade to 20 billion US dollars (about S $ 27 billion), but it did not propose a specific time framework. According to data from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Vietnam, Australia and Vietnam last year were about $ 15.7 billion.
Bloomberg reports that the cooperation agreement signed by the two parties includes the establishment of a ministerial trade talks and information sharing in money laundering and terrorist financing. Albanis also announced a assistance plan worth $ RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB RMB $ 93.58 million) to support Vietnamese energy transition from coal transition.
In addition, Albanis will meet Ruan Fuzhong, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China during this visit to Vietnam.
Australia is seeking diversification of trade, and Vietnam has become a new important export destination in barley in Australia in recent years. As of the fiscal year of June 2021, Vietnam accounted for 13%of the entire barley exports of Australia.
According to Yue Tong News Agency, Australia is the seventh largest trading partner in Vietnam, and Vietnam is the tenth largest trading partner in Australia. As of the end of 2022, the total value of bilateral trade in Australia and Vietnam reached approximately US $ 16 billion, and in the first quarter of 2023, it was $ 3.4 billion.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401042 
British Prime Minister's enthusiasm for mathematics is wrong 
Authors: ['蒂姆•哈福德']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-04T15:30:10+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-03T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T11:30:99+08:00
Description: Harford: Sunak's forced people to learn extra mathematical content at the age of 17, and the more urgent need is actually to provide more and better mathematical teaching and support for young children.
Images: []
Themes: ['专栏', '数学', '关注']
Keywords: ['数学', '教育', '苏纳克', '英国教育']
Type: Article
As a career nerd, I can't remember how many times others ask me, how do you think British Prime Minister Rich Sunak(Rishisunak)Passion for mathematics. I really don't know what to say. Sunak gave a speech that praised computing power in April, and I agreed with most of them. But there are not many signs that have specific actions with these beautiful words.
The problem is not only in Sunak's strangely obsessed with people to learn extra mathematical content when they are 17 years old, but the more urgent need is actually providing more and better mathematical teaching and support for young children. The problem is also the fundamental disconnection of words and policies. In the UK, mathematics teachers have a long -term shortage, and the actual salary of teachers has been reduced by about 10%between 2010 and 2022, and it may be further reduced in the future. How to help Sunak achieve his goals and make the British computing power higher? It is a mystery.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099841 
Refresh the World Records Malaysia 685 Spider -Man Party 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T15:35
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T15:57
Description: In order to cooperate with the "Spider -Man: Spider -Man: Crossing the New Universe", which was released in various cinemas in Malaysia this week, 685 Spider -Man gathered on Saturday (June 3) to gather in the Yongwang Shopping Center of Basheng Wugi Dingyi, Selangor, to break the "most Spider -Man gathering" World record. At the event site, different years ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马来西亚', '世界纪录']
In order to cooperate with the "Spider -Man: Spider -Man: Crossing the New Universe", which was released in various cinemas in Malaysia this week, 685 Spider -Man gathered on Saturday (June 3) to gather in the Yongwang Shopping Center of Basheng Wugi Dingyi, Selangor, to break the "most Spider -Man gathering" World record.
At the event site, men and women of different ages, backgrounds, and body types dressed themselves as Spider -Man. There are different versions of "Little Spider -Man", "Female Spider -Man", "Black Spider Man" or "Shadow Spider -Man" everywhere Spider -Man.
TGV Theater Company announced on Facebook: "685 Spider -Man and Spider -Girls gathered together to create a new Benal World Record and become a party for the most people to dress as Spider -Man." The previous world record was set in Mumbai, India. There were 601 Spider -Man at the time.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401151 
Studies: High -fat and high -sugar diet reduces sleep quality 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T15:55
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T16:06
Description: A new study by the Swedish research team found that high -fat and high -sugar diet can change the brain waves during deep sleep, which may lead to a decline in sleep quality. Xinhua News Agency reported on Sunday (June 4) that the University of Uppsala University, Sweden ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['瑞典', '研究', '饮食', '健康']
A new study by the Swedish research team found that high -fat and high -sugar diet can change the brain waves during deep sleep, which may lead to a decline in sleep quality.
Xinhua News Agency reported on Sunday (June 4) that researchers at the University of Uppsalauniversitet, the University of Sweden, recently published a research paper published in the American "Obesity" magazine that high -fat and high -sugar diet will lead to Delta at the stage of deep sleep. The wave ratio decreases and the intensity decreases, resulting in decline in sleep quality.
Deep sleep is very important for repairing the body and integrating memory. Humans' brain waves at the time of soberness are mainly Bettobo, which is high frequently. After entering the state of sleep, the low -frequency Deltobo gradually increases, and the proportion of the proportion reaches the highest in the deep sleep stage. The related parameters are closely related to the recovery of sleep.
The research team of the University of Upsara recruited a group of good healthy men to participate in the test. Volunteers were randomly divided into two groups, and high -fat high -sugar diet and low -fat and low -sugar diet solutions were implemented. The equipment sleeps in the laboratory all night.
The two diets are the same, but the nutritional structure is different. After about two months, the two groups of volunteers exchanged diet plans and repeated a round of tests.
Data show that a week's high -fat and high -sugar diet has no significant effect on sleep duration and stage, but it will change the brain wave characteristics of deep sleep phase. 11 of the 14 volunteers with complete brain waves have changed.
Researchers pointed out that fat and sugar may activate some molecular channels related to the degree of soberness, and the specific mechanism needs to be studied. Whether this phenomenon is applicable to other ages and gender, and the impact of long -term unhealthy diet and short -term effects, it is also necessary to further verify.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401154 
"Global Dialogue" Issue 10: Dialogue with the European Parliament Maggie Maglida (Free Version) 
Authors: ['宋欣，周掌柜为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-04T15:58:44+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-03T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T11:57:99+08:00
Description: Marcos said that the EU believes that the establishment of a multi -pole world is very important, and all partners should respect the international rules and the principles of the United Nations Charter.
Images: []
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['中欧关系', '贸易', '欧盟', '乌克兰战争']
Type: Article
Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Maglida Marcos is from the Portuguese Democratic Party. He had previously held important positions at the EU Cultural Division and Communication Division of the EU Commission. Later, he returned to Portugal in 2015 and served as the State Secretary of European Affairs in Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa Cabinet. After the 2019 European election, she was successfully elected and became a member of the European Parliament, and was a member of the European Parliament's delegation to China. She had her unique understanding and insight in Sino -European relations.
As a policy consultant of the former European Parliament, the author communicates with members of the European factions and countries in Europe after three years. We can deeply feel the cautiousness and sensitivity of members when talking about everything related to all issues related to China. There are many reasons behind this, but from the perspective of European perspective, the core problem comes from the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War. It is precisely because of this war at the European door that many Europeans feel that they have hit the "South Wall wall ", Thus a significant change in the attitude towards Russia and China. Although it seems that everything has been relieved as Germany, France, and Spain's heads and EU Council's chairman visit China. However, for the overall Sino -European relations, the war itself is still a topic that Central Europe cannot be around for a period of time. We can even say that the real substantial "recovery" between China and the European Europe will not really start until the dust of the war settled.
The current scene can be said to have a very sharp contrast between the scenes between China and the European Europe three years ago and the Heat. At present, many European Zhihua factions have stated that due to the pressure of public opinion, the pressure of publicly expressed opinions is increasing. Therefore, in many people's eyes, only "tough" or "stronger" can be chosen. Because of this, in such an environment, the China -Europe communication channel established by Xinfu Think Tank's "Global Dialogue" column in the British "Financial Times" is precious. The foundation of cooperation between China and the European Europe also adds more confidence to the restoration of China -Europe business, environment, academics and other social cooperation.
The following is the access content:
Song Xin : Early, Maglida Marcos. Very honored to interview you on behalf of the British "Financial Times" on the European Parliament of Brussels. My pleasure. Thank you for your time. Next I want to discuss with you global geopolitical shifts and its long -term impact on Sino -European relations and the economic challenges we are facing now. My first question is, how do you look at the recent global geopolitical transformation? How do you think it will affect Sino -European relations?
Member of Macos : Thank you very much for giving me this opportunity. This is a key issue about the future. Of course, we need to review two years ago, even two and a half years earlier to understand the differences in the world. This means that after the Soviet Union end; we created a multi -polarized world. What we need to do is to have a similar multi -world, even if it is different from the past, it is at least the same level. During the Soviet period, we had a bipolar world, and we could not risk having a single world. This is why the EU has multilateral relations, and we think it is very important to build a multi -pole world. In other words, only when all partners respect the international rules and the principles of the United Nations Charter, all this is possible. This is the core of our strategy, our main position. For example, if the EU says it needs to establish strategic autonomy, then from an economic perspective, the so -called autonomy is a strategic autonomy, but from a security perspective, autonomy is also (maintenance) peace. China is a member of the Permanent Committee of the UN Security Council. Our (Central Europe) needs to respect the rules of the United Nations, and we (Central Europe) also has a common ambition. This is why we need to work together. For example, in the "Paris Agreement", we have strong rules for World Trade Organization in the "Paris Agreement", in terms of health, and in trade relations, but sometimes they are not respected. Therefore, this is our position, and China must be an important partner of the EU.
Song Xin : How do you understand the economic challenges of the EU currently facing? How should the EU deal with these economic problems?
Member of Macos : I think that after the new crisis, the European Union understands: We need to have a response from the European Union and a European Union, not a different strategy of member states. Therefore, we have a common answer of the European Union. We have created a European fund, the next -generation EU to fund the economic recovery and funding economy. We are doing this. This means that the European Union is very dedicated to climate transformation, digital transformation, and promoting the operation of some social mechanisms, and strengthening public services, creating a social market economy, providing and promoting economic growth, promoting employment, and promoting social equality. We do not want someone to anyone So it is behind.
We need to create a new economic environment, respect and integrate everyone. In a cohesive society, this requires a lot of challenges. People are usually paying attention to more investment in innovation and green industries. Promoting a strategic economy is the key to EU work. But we know that we are not alone worldwide. The EU has established different levels of relationships with different countries. It is very important that we cannot rely on one country in terms of raw materials, semiconductors, and supply chains. We need a stronger strategic autonomy. This does not mean who is isolated. It only means that we will establish better cooperative relationships with fair partners.
Song Xin : Many Chinese companies are now very interested in the European market. They want to invest here and develop their respective European territory. They may have been operating in Europe for some time. Do you have any suggestions for these companies who want to come or have come here?
Member of Macos : I can't tell them how they should act. However, the relationship between us and Chinese enterprises is first, Europe is an open market. This is not the case in China. China is still a fairly closed market. Chinese companies in Europe are in a regular market environment. This is not the case for European companies in China. We need more equivalent. This is the equivalent of European companies in Chinese or Chinese companies in Europe.
My second point is that we (Central Europe) is a different society and different economies. As you know, in Europe, we have a high level of social, economic, environmental, and gender balance standards. These are the European standards that companies need to respect in European production. All companies operating in Europe must respect it. We must create fair conditions for competition between Europe and China. We must always remember that these standards are very important for the European economy.
Song Xin : What suggestions do you have to organize Chinese researchers or research institutions who want to participate in the European exchange project? Is Europe still interested in continuing these exchange projects? Song Xin : Thank you for your point. Thank you for taking the time to communicate with us.
Member of Macos : Thank you very much.
(Author introduction: Former EU China Policy Counselor, the co -founder of Xinfu Think Tank, reader WeChat: SINNVOLLCONSULTANCY; Zhou shopkeeper is a business strategic expert, the chief consultant of Xinfu Think Tank, and a strategic consultant of many global companies. This article only represents the only representative Author's point of view. Editor -in -chief email: tao.feng@ftchinese.com)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099852 
Candlelight on the corner of the garden: commemorate the June 4th rally in San Francisco, USA 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T16:01:21-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T16:01:21-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Situation of this event. Sun Cheng shot, exclusively launched
At dusk on June 3, the 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary was held in the Garden Cape Plaza in Chinatown, San Francisco. Hundreds of people participated in the activities of the day, and there were also posters and white wreaths with huge "pillars of the country" at the scene.
Police on the 64th anniversary of the Hong Kong Police are taken away by many commemorative people * Tiananmen Mother: "Never forget that dark night" The 34th anniversary of the "June 4th Massacre" of the Chinese Embassy mainly focuses on young people No thunderstorm blocks the younger generation to participate in the June Fourth Parade of New York * Democratic Goddess Statue before Washington held a six -fourth candlelight mourning event ***
Hundreds of people with huge posters and wreaths held the June 4th Memorial Campaign 
In the rally, the leader of the 89th Academic Games, in the rally, pointed out that the June 4th massacre brought people not only physical trauma: "Deeper violence is cultural violence, and they are thorough brainwashing and publicity. ","
Kory Powellmccoy, the representative of Nancy Pelosi, the former Speaker of the US House, came to the event site and read a statement on the 34th anniversary of the June 4th massacre: "In the past thirty years, In China, I am fortunate to speak for the human rights of China and ask the Communist Party of China to bear responsibility. Sadly, the CCP has only accelerated its atrocities: those who dare to speak for different political opinions to implement racial extinction on the Uyghur community, intimidate, and destroy Hong Kong's democracy and freedom of Hong Kong. , Threatening Taiwan's democracy, etc., importantly, Congress has a wide range of consensus between the two parties and two parties, and it is necessary to vigorously expose Beijing's behavior. "
Situation of this event. (Sun Cheng's shooting, exclusive start) Zhao Bingxian, the head of the Gonggong Church of Wuzhou, said in his speech that the facts will not be covered: "The lies of ink can not cover the facts of blood writing. The most brutal, most violent, and most cruel massacre. Therefore, today we have to discuss this butcher regime. "
The people at the scene followed the slogans such as "knocking down the Communist Party", "defeat Xi Jinping", "Long live freedom and democracy".
Situation of this event. (Sun Cheng's shooting, exclusive start) Representatives from all walks of life delivered a speech on the corner of the garden. 
Giovanni, chairman of Bay Area Friends OFTIBET in Bay Area, talked about the suppression of Tibetans by the Chinese authorities in Lhasa in March 1989 and stated that the Chinese Communist Party was scratching in March 1989 and said Except for the identity of Tibetans. He also mentioned the white paper campaign that had happened in China before: "Just a few months ago, the demonstration of the new crown and clear policy against the government in all parts of China broke out. It seems that the Communist Party of China cannot do things in China in China."
Situation of this event. (Sun Cheng's shooting, exclusive start) 
在美港人团体美国香港人会馆(US HongkongersClub)的代表在现场讲话中，对香港因“国安法”被捕的政治犯表达了声援，并谈到香港的现状：“(在六四)34年后的今天，香港已经不可能再拿起烛光，这已经是违反‘国安法’的了。”
At the rally, people played the 64 -themed song "Wounds of History" and recited the sacrifice of the 64th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of Tiananmen. At night, people also held electronic candles and white flowers, and held a flower donation ceremony to the Democratic goddess statue on the corner of the garden, and expressed mourning to those who died in June 4th in the somber music sound.
Situation of this event. (Sun Cheng's shooting, exclusive start) Reporter: Sun Cheng Responsible: He Ping.com Editor: Jessi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/sc-06042023154458.html 
Saying goodbye to the era of "Demolition and Big Construction", China's construction industry is facing low carbon transformation (Free Version) 
Authors: ['为环境网站“中外对话”撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-04T16:03:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:02:99+08:00
Description: Xia Zhijian: The construction industry represented by real estate constitutes 42%of carbon emissions in Chinese society. Nowadays, the era of demolition and construction has become a past. This will undoubtedly have a profound impact on Chinese carbon emissions.
Images: [" 000183249_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '中外对话', '关注']
Keywords: ['中外对话', '房地产', '建筑业', '气候变化', '热泵']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
"We can't do big demolition and construction because of urban renewal." On the afternoon of March 7, the Minister of Housing and Urban -Rural Development said in an interview with reporters this year. A era is coming to an end.
In the 20th year of the 21st century when the real estate economy was singing, the development of almost all cities in China was accompanied by land acquisition, demolition, compensation and reconstruction. It is the most prominent logo in Chinese cities in the past few decades. In 2009, some media proposed the word "disassembly" that could be seen everywhere on the outer wall of the building at the time as the Chinese character this year.
Nowadays, the era of large -scale demolition and construction has become the past. Since the implementation of the "three red line" policies that restrict high debt housing companies' financing in 2021, China's real estate development has changed from previous radical expansion to a rapid contraction stage. Even after the policy was loosened in the second half of 2022, the signs of shrinkage were still not reversed. The high -carbon industry related to cement, steel, etc. is also affected.
The construction industry represented by real estate constitutes 42%of carbon emissions in Chinese society. The rapid changes in this industry will undoubtedly have a profound impact on China's carbon emissions. Under the double carbon goal, what opportunities and challenges will China's construction industry transformation be encountered?
Real estate turning off, steel and cement suffer from cold wave 
On January 1, 2021, the "three red lines" regulations of real estate enterprises began to implement. This regulation sets the red line for China's housing planning from three aspects from three aspects from the asset -liability ratio, net liability ratio and short -cash debt. If a housing company touches the "three red lines" at the same time, it will not be able to raise funds to expand its dividend debt.
This limits many Chinese real estate companies that operate in the high -liability and high turnover model. The real estate industry has encountered unprecedented debt dilemma and continues to this day since the second half of 2021. The rotten tail building and the tide of confession have also broken the expectations of people who have been in the rise for decades for decades. The grand real estate movement entered the rest.
At the same time as the market is changing rapidly, the central government is also abandoning the past city development model. In 2021, the Ministry of Housing and Urban -Rural Development clearly required to prevent large demolition and large construction in the implementation of urban renewal operations, retain the use of existing buildings, and encourage promotion from the "development method" to the "business model". Real estate development and construction method.
With the end of the era of Daloling and Dacheng, the production materials production and carbon emissions related to them also ushered in a turning point. After the Chinese crude steel output reached 1.065 billion tons of historical highest point in 2020, it has declined for two consecutive years.
According to the Economic Daily, Luo Tiejun, vice president of the China Iron and Steel Industry Association, analyzed that China's crude steel production fell for two consecutive years was caused by the decline in downstream demand. The Metallurgical Industry Planning Research Institute reports that due to the decline in demand in the construction industry, the demand for Chinese steel in 2023 is expected to be about 910 million tons, which continues to decline slightly year -on -year.
As a large carbon emission household, carbon emissions in the steel industry account for about 15%of China's total carbon emissions. Although the "Guiding Opinions on Promoting the High -quality Development of the Iron and Steel Industry" jointly released by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China and the Ministry of Ecology and Environment last year put the target time of the steel industry carbon peak from 2025 to 2030, but the energy economy and finance Analysis of the InstituteFor Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Analy -Finan -and -Settledonian Department that the long -term declined
Shen Xinyi, a researcher at the Center for Research on Energy and Cleanair, also held a similar point of view. "The real estate industry contributed 40%of China's steel consumption. Although China is promoting large -scale infrastructure projects, the manufacturing industry also shows signs of heating, but the demand for steel and steel increased by these two departments is not enough to offset the shrinking real estate shrinking. The demand is declining. "Shen Xin said.
The same situation also occurred in the cement industry that accounts for about 9%of the total carbon emissions in the country. According to data from the National Bureau of Statistics, the national cement output has declined for two consecutive years after the high in 2020 reaching a high of nearly five years. The output in 2022 was 2.13 billion tons, a 11%from 2020.
An Analysis of the Nature Resources DefenseCouncil, headquartered in New York, believes that: "The development of the Chinese cement industry has entered a platform period, and production and consumption are expected to be almost difficult to increase. ","
Cement and steel represent the carbon emissions of the building materials production stage, and the larger carbon emissions of the construction industry come from the operation phase after completion. "From the perspective of carbon emissions of the full life cycle, the construction operation phase accounts for about 70%-90%, the production of building materials accounts for about 10%-30%, the construction accounts for about 1%, and the demolition accounts for about 1%." Tsinghua University. "Tsinghua University. Lin Borong, deputy dean of the School of Architecture, said in an interview with the China City Daily in 2021.
Distributed photovoltaic welcoming policy opportunities 
Carbon emissions during the operation stage mainly come from the energy of daily life, reducing carbon emissions in this stage can start from two aspects: increasing the proportion of renewable energy in energy supply, and reducing the energy consumption of the building.
The construction department can improve the self -sufficiency rate of renewable energy to a certain extent through methods such as installation of distributed photovoltaic and so on. In March 2022, the "Fourteenth Five -Year Plan" Construction Energy Conservation and Green Building Development Plan issued by the Ministry of Housing and Construction (hereinafter referred to as the "Green Construction Plan") was proposed. During the "14th Five -Year Plan" Reach 50GW. In comparison, the total light volume installation capacity in China in 2022 was 87.41GW.
Also in 2022, the "" "Fourteenth Five -Year Plan for Renewable Energy Development Plan" jointly issued by the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Administration, etc., proposed that it is necessary to be suitable for government buildings, transportation hubs, school hospitals, industrial parks, etc. The distributed photovoltaic power generation of "spontaneous use of self -use and electricity Internet access" of building roofs, improves the distributed photovoltaic coverage rate of building roof. The "Planning" clearly requires that during the "14th Five -Year Plan" period, the installation rate of new industrial parks and newly added large -scale public buildings should be more than 50%.
In addition, according to this document, during the "Fourteenth Five -Year Plan" period, construction energy use power replacement operations will be carried out, and actively promoting electrification of buildings such as cooking, living hot water and heating with electricity, electricity, and heating. By 2025, the proportion of electricity consumption in construction energy will exceed 55%.Even the "Green Construction Plan", which is based on the basic principle of "focusing on Dafeng and reducing emissions", is only set to 8%of the target of the renewable energy replacement rate of urban buildings in 2025. 6%of the time increased by two percentage points.
Reduce building energy consumption 
The proportion of renewable energy in building energy energy requires the transformation of China's overall energy system. Therefore, for the construction department, reducing building energy consumption is a more realistic emission reduction path in the short term. China is starting to improve the energy consumption standards for new buildings and energy conservation and transformation of existing buildings.
In 2021, the Ministry of Housing and Urban -Rural Development issued the "General Specifications for Building Energy Conservation and Renewable Energy Use". Among them, the average energy -saving rate of newly -built residential buildings and public buildings in different regions: %, The average energy saving rate of residential buildings in other climate areas should be 65%; the average energy saving rate of public buildings should be 72%. This document was implemented from April 1, 2022.
Wei Qingyi, an associate professor at the School of Architecture, Tsinghua University, told China and foreign countries that the average energy saving rate was the heating energy consumption corresponding to the building insulation status of the building in the 1980s as 100%(benchmark). The heating energy consumption compared The better the heat preservation effect.
For example, assuming that a 100 -square -meter house in the northeast in the 1980s requires 40 kWh of calories per month per month per month. Then, according to the current 75%of the current energy -saving rate requirements, the newly built 100 -square -meter house is every month every month every month. Heating meters of heating only costs 10 kWh of calories.
Wei Qingyi said that the energy -saving requirements of new houses in China are currently a relatively advanced level in the same latitude region in the world, which is higher than that of the United States and is basically comparable to Europe. However, he reminded that because real estate companies often adopt a low-cost winning strategy during the bidding stage. After winning the bid, in order to ensure the profit, it is difficult to fully implement the design requirements during construction. Therefore, the actual average energy saving rate often exists 10%-20 %Shrink. However, even if this situation is considered, the energy -saving management and actual energy saving of new buildings in China are the first echelon in the world.
Energy -saving renovation in the old community 
While improving the energy -saving standards for new houses, the Chinese housing and construction department also actively promotes the energy -saving transformation of old communities in the context of urban renewal.
The "urban renewal" method entered the mainstream view of 2020. In the proposal adopted by the Fifth Five -Year Plan of the 19th Central Committee of the 19th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China at the fifth plenary session of the 19th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, he proposed to implement urban renewal operations and "strengthen the reconstruction of urban old communities and community construction."
At the end of 2021, the "Notice on Further Clarifying the Requirements to Further Clarify the Requirements for the Reconstruction of the Old and Town Old Community" jointly issued by the Ministry of Housing and Urban -Rural Development and Reform Commission, and the Ministry of Finance clearly proposed that the "energy -saving renovation of building energy conservation in the northern heating areas is listed as the content of the transformation."
In 2022, the "" Fourteenth Five -Year Plan "Energy Conservation and Green Building Development Plan issued by the Ministry of Housing and Construction" proposed that by 2025, the existing building energy -saving transformation area will be more than 350 million square meters. It has an area of more than 100 million square meters, and the existing public building will be transformed by more than 250 million square meters.
The transformation focuses on public buildings is based on a multi -household characteristics in China. Unlike the common unique houses in Europe and the United States, most of the urban and town houses are apartment -type houses. The insulation transformation of a residential building often involves the coordination of many residents, so it is not easy to advance. "The insulation and renovation of living buildings is now promoted by the housing and construction departments of various cities. How to make the people more support and make the people benefit, it is actually a critical issue." Wei Qingyi said.
Different from residential, because the stakeholders involved in public buildings are relatively single, it is easier to promote it, but Wei Qingxuan pointed out that although the government gives certain subsidies or incentives to the transformation, the main cost still requires the owner to bear it by themselves. Therefore In the case of insufficient willingness, we need to use the market mechanism to solve these problems.
Promoting the challenge of the heat pump 
In addition to improving the building's own thermal insulation performance, for the construction department, another means to reduce the energy consumption during the operation is to reduce the energy of various equipment in the room, especially the energy of heating equipment. According to a report issued by the International Energy Agency and Tsinghua University, the energy consumption of house heating and hot water accounted for 52%of the overall energy consumption of the Chinese construction department.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099847 
The 64th anniversary of Tiananmen Mother called the CCP to publish the truth and the list of the victims 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (叶兵)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T16:07:03+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 18:29:09Z
Description: On the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident that shocked the world, the families of some victims in Beijing were like previous years. Under the monitoring of police personnel, they collectively went to the cemetery to mourn the relatives who died of brutal and suppression of the authorities to use tanks and machine guns. Tiananmen Mothers, the group of June 4th, once again vocalized through international media and the Internet, and still insisted on the three demands put forward by the group more than 20 years ago, namely the truth, compensation, and accountability, and urged the CCP authorities to announce the truth and the truth of the June 4th tragedy and List of the victims in order to finally solve this historical problem in the end.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['纪念六四', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/tiananmen-mothers-voice-out-for-truth-and-justice-prior-to-34th-anniversary-of-june-4th-incident-/7122168.html 
Taiwanese businessmen enter the west- "business environment" and "free version" 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-04T16:08:31+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:08:99+08:00
Description: Li Hanming: The development and opening up of Taiwanese businessmen in the west and the Yangtze River Delta laid the two largest exported towns in the country today.
Images: [" 000180749_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '两岸关系', '昆山', '制造业', '台湾', '长三角']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
[Editor's note] With the continuous development of China's local capital, China's situation in foreign investment has also changed. China's local capital is gradually forming its own multinational brands, and this brand effect has begun to achieve results in stable exports and foreign trade performance. To this end, FT Chinese Network recently organized the "Road to China's Foreign Trade Transformation" topic. In the next series of articles, we will tell how representative companies in different provinces in China will form their own multinational brands in different segments in different segments. Essence Edit, contact Yan MAN.YAN@ftchinese.com. 
In the previous article, we mentioned that in the 1980s, we walked through the Luohu Bridge with their homes and came to Hong Kong businessmen in the Mainland. They cooperated with all walks of life in the Mainland to start a geese array of industrial transfer in China from the model of the "front shop and behind the factory".
In fact, it is not just Hong Kong people with home -although the Taiwanese authorities still have many restrictions on the mainland of Taiwan's compatriots in the early 1980s, but there are still Taiwan compatriots who are still thinking about Hong Kong to travel to the mainland. As Taiwanese compatriots have continued to understand the mainland, naturally there are Taiwanese compatriots who have the boldness of art high people choose to invest in the Pearl River Delta.
Therefore, in the 1980s and the 1990s, Taiwanese businessmen's investment in mainland China was similar to Hong Kong businessmen's investment in the Mainland, with Shenzhen and Dongguan near Hong Kong. Among them, the Guangzhou -Shenzhen Railway entered Dongguan's first station Zhangmu Station, which is one of the heavy land invested by Taiwanese businessmen. So far, many Taiwanese businessmen have invested in business.
After the Taiwanese authorities let residents go to the mainland to "visit relatives" in 1987, more and more Taiwanese businessmen who invest in their business after visiting relatives. The direct consequence of this is that the land resources in Shenzhen and Dongguan are becoming more and more tense, which is really "rolled". In addition, many Taiwanese businessmen are not born in both Guangdong and Guangxi. If they invest in Guangdong, they are more inconvenient in language and living customs. Therefore, some Taiwanese groups have begun to leave the Pearl River Delta and develop to other parts of the mainland.
One of the choices of Taiwanese businessmen is the region of Minnan (Xiamen, Zhangzhou, and Quanzhou) represented by Xiamen. Here is similar to Taiwan's customs, and "the same voices" is a good choice as far as the human environment. However, there is the same problem as the Pearl River Delta in the southern Fujian region: land. Fujian has the characteristics of "Bashan, One Water". In the southern Fujian region in the mountains, the land that can be built by factories is really stretched. From the perspective of population density, the area of three cities in Xiazhangquan is 25,865.6 square kilometers, which is equivalent to four Shanghai cities, but the population is only 19 million, and it is less than three -quarters of Shanghai, which is mainly plain.
Therefore, after entering the 1990s, some Taiwanese businessmen who were not satisfied with the investment environment of the Pearl River Delta and Xiamen Zhangquan chose to continue to the north along the coastline to the Yangtze River Delta. In the 1980s, the Yangtze River Delta was worried about attracting investment -the high -speed development of the Pearl River Delta under Hong Kong and Macao funds that year made the Yangtze River Delta feel stressful.
Let's look back at the investment environment of the Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta. In the previous article, we mentioned that the attraction of the Pearl River Delta to Hong Kong businessmen comes from the boss of Hong Kong and the locals that can achieve basic barrier -free communication by Cantonese, which greatly reduces the cost of information transmission in the production process. Essence For the Taiwanese boss who speaks Mandarin, the Pearl River Delta's "pots of winter melon" (the playful description of Mandarin with a strong Cantonese accent) did bring a lot of difficulty to mutual exchanges. In contrast, Mandarin in the Yangtze River Delta is relatively easy to understand. In addition, the Yangtze River Delta itself is a large plain, and the land resources are very sufficient. Many Taiwanese businessmen naturally choose to take root here.
In the investment of Taiwanese businessmen in the Yangtze River Delta, Kunshan, Jiangsu is a model level. Kunshan is a county -level city -level city -level cities in Suzhou. The geographical location is inconsistently between Suzhou City and Shanghai. Here I have to mention the traffic infrastructure of the year -in the early 1990s, Shanghai has not yet begun to build Pudong Airport and Yangshan Port. At that time, the main airport in Shanghai was still at Hongqiao Airport on the west side. The Yangtze River Wusongkou is the main.
Due to the existence of the Huangpu River, in the context of the lack of cross -river bridges at that time, from Pudong on the southeast side to Hongqiao Airport and Wusongkou, they were not as convenient as Kunshan on the northwest side. Therefore, for investors, setting up factories in Kunshan on the northwest side of Shanghai can enjoy the cheaper land and living costs than the urban area of Shanghai, but also make full use of the transportation infrastructure on the west and north side of Shanghai.
However, good wine is also afraid of deep alleys, and everything is just theory. Different from Hong Kong businessmen's ancestral natives of the Pearl River Delta, relatives and friends can take care of them in the Pearl River Delta. Most Taiwanese businessmen do not know their ancestral natives of Kunshan. Therefore, for Kunshan, the difficulty of attracting investment can be imagined.
However, in the 30 years since 1990, Kunshan's Taiwanese -funded enterprises have shown explosive growth in terms of quantity and scale. Behind this is the valuable trust given by Taiwanese businessmen to the local business environment, and the result of the local government and society's dedication to serve and coordinate.
In fact, the investment direction of Taiwanese businessmen is the biggest variable of "geese" to some extent. In the previous article, we mentioned that the industrial geese array of the Asia -Pacific region in the 1990s developed to China or Southeast Asia after the "Four Asian Dragons". The direction has not been decided -the investment direction of Taiwanese businessmen is no exception.
In the 1990s, the Taiwan authorities launched two policies. One of them is a "southbound policy" aimed at encouraging Taiwanese businessmen to invest in Southeast Asia, and the other is the "quit urgency forbearance" that Taiwanese businessmen invest in the mainland. In 1994, the Taiwan authorities passed the "Strengthening Economic and Trade Cooperation of Southeast Asia", including seven countries including Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Singapore, Vietnam, and Brunei. In 1996, Li Denghui, then the leader of the Taiwan authorities, publicly proposed the four words "quit and forbearance" at the dinner. "Remind" Taiwanese businessmen should not rush into the west.
However, "Lang is affectionate and unintentional" seems to be the best summary of the relationship between the Taiwan authorities and the countries in Southeast Asia at that time. Due to the complex ethnic composition and the significant gap between the rich and the poor in Southeast Asian countries, there are always problems with poor law and order. In this context, even if the local government will not be a difficult Taiwanese businessman, they often worry about the relationship between Chinese and other ethnic groups and it is difficult to help Taiwanese businessmen coordinate local society. At the same time, in 1997, the Asian financial turmoil hit the Southeast Asian country economy, and finally caused a tragedy in Indonesia in Indonesia in 1998; and from time to time, Southeast Asian countries also had emotional slogans. This is an important factor that makes Taiwanese businessmen, especially industrial investors who have worries, and is discouraged.Therefore, the Chinese nation does not have to be arrogant, and believes that our advantages in the division of labor in the international industry will easily transfer to Southeast Asian countries because of labor costs. Anyone who has been a boss knows that "being a person in advance" has always been a truth that is not broken -to attract long -term investment, you must first have the trust of others in doing things. The so -called "business environment" is also part of being a person -the business environment and trust are there, the human heart and investment are there; the business environment and trust are gone, and it is difficult to retain people's hearts and investment.
The reason why we spend a whole article explore that Taiwanese companies enter the mainland in the west, because in the 00s, Taiwanese businessmen played a vital role. In the world of Internet Internet, which began in the 1990s, the electronic processing factory that Taiwanese businessmen invested in the construction of the mainland have obtained a large order to help China quickly develop the export processing industry. In the next article, we will explore the electronic processing industry, which still occupy a pivotal industry in China exports, and the role of Taiwanese businessmen in it.
_ _ 吧 (This article only represents the author's own point of view, and the editor is responsible: Yan MAN.YAN@ftChinese.com)_
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099848 
Economist Lucas: FREE Version, who is away from Washington 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-04T16:15:22+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:15:99+08:00
Description: Chen Dutian: Loacas has created a new method with the market group of Lakas and invented the random dynamic general equilibrium model. Cairns followers injected realistic significance into this new method and new model.
Images: [" 000183366_pic... "]
Themes: ['经济学', '关注']
Keywords: ['经济学', '宏观经济学', '芝加哥学派']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Lucas, a winner of the Nobel Prize in Economics and Professor of the University of Chicago on May 15, 2023, was died on May 15, 2023, but his profound impact on macroeconomics will survive. How to evaluate their research?
Revolutionary expected revolution, Philip Culinary criticism and "Lucas Criticism" **
Macroeconomicists have long realized that expectations will affect the outdated allocation of resources, but in the early days, they did not have better treatment methods. Generally, adaptability expectations (Barrow's 1975 works are full of such expectations) Essence This is not satisfactory, but there is no better way. Muth (1961) proposed the concept of rational expectations. Later, it was applied to the macroeconomic model with Lucas as the leader, which gave birth to a theoretical revolution.
In the rational expectation revolution, Lucas's 1972 paper was a sign. Through special assumptions, he cleverly proved that inflation and output did have a positive correlation, but this is only because individuals cannot recognize the real demand effect in the change of price (relative price prices (relative prices Changes) and currency effects. Interestingly, because this positive correlation, Lucas also opened Friedman's big joke in the text. Along the logic above, Lucas believes that the relationship between the inflation and employment (Philips curve) identified by the Kanes school is a useless "correlation", which means that this correlation cannot be used by monetary policy, higher The currency growth cannot bring more output, but it can only be pushed to high inflation. Some scholars believe that this article explains the stagnation and should be inaccurate. In 1970, the writing of this article did have higher inflation in 1969 and 1970. However, the stagnation rose was only the term in the academic community in the middle and late 1970s. In addition, this model can explain high inflation, but cannot explain the high unemployment rate.
In my opinion, rational expected revolution is generally a revolution in macroeconomic policies. If the public has rational expectations, they will adjust their wages and prices, and the monetary policy will be invalid. In the late 1960s, Friedman has discussed it, but it is necessary to really convince economics. Essence In terms of the validity of monetary policy, Lucas and his colleagues, including Sakinte, Prostkat, and Wallace, to introduce rational expectations into various macro models, trying to prove that the monetary policy will not produce realism. effect. These models, coupled with the rise in the 1970s, can be said to have the upper hand in the debate of whether the monetary policy was effective at that time.
Outside of policy debates, Lucas and his colleagues did not provide theory of persuasiveness to the economic cycle, which was a bit too big for a macro school. Logically, rational expectations are also difficult. If the market is so perfect, how can there be a significant fluctuation in economic activities? However, their efforts have been breaking through a big breakthrough. Later, they will talk about the "manufacturing" business cycle with technical shocks to solve the problem of "not fluctuating" under the perfect market conditions. Theoretically.
The article in 1972 has a very modern analysis. With micro -optimal behavior, uncertainty, and rational expectations. The impact of this research method may have a gradually deepening process. By 1976, Lucas wrote an article that had a great influence on methodology, which was called "Lucas Criticism" by the academic community. He believes that the estimation of the measurement model based on total data is often misleading. Economists should find deeper underlying structure parameters based on micro -models. In an article in 1980, Lucas advocated the establishment of computing macroeconomic models, just like an experimental platform, which can simulate the effects of various policies by computer program. His thoughts, like the prophets, are extremely imaginative, and indeed guide the direction for macroeconomists. These advocates have a wide range of responses, and macroeconomics models with micro -basis have gradually become "industry standards" until the birth of the random dynamic general balance model of integrated dynamics.
Random dynamic general equilibrium: Birth, differences and reconciliation 
Kydland and Prescott (1982) for the first time published a random dynamic general equilibrium model (real prosperity cycle), which greatly changed macroeconomics. First of all, this provides a powerful economic cycle model for the valid school of the market, filling a huge gap. Secondly, in terms of tools and methods, the contribution of this paper may be even greater. Previously, various macro models needed a lot of special assumptions in order to explain different problems, so the model can be said to be a variety of. For example, the design of the famous model of Lucas in 1972 is very special. It is difficult to use other places. After Kydland and Prescott (1982), macroeconomicists began to have a general model of general sharing, which greatly improved the efficiency of research and communication. The assumptions of this type of model are very general. It is completely from the optimal behavior of the micro -subject (but it must be a clever "summary to reflect the macro behavior). Reduce any content you care, because this model can be estimated by calibration methods. One reason mentioned in the article commemorating Lucas's article, one reason is that this is a very high theoretical achievement under the influence of Lucas (probably the highest achievement). Students when I taught at Meilong University (Lucas was also a doctoral graduation, and then the three teachers and friends have won the Nobel Prize!).
The stagnation of the 1970s, coupled with the impact of the new rational expectations of macro models, made the traditional Kanes macroeconomics very passive. This impact reached a new height after the emergence of the real prosperous cycle model in 1982. However, after the 1980s, Keynes followers (using Harvard and MIT as the base camp) soon developed a general balance model containing various "friction", and Keynesia returned.
Decades have passed. Looking back at the great change of this macroeconomics, what conclusions do we draw? It can be said that the market group with Lucas has created a new method, especially invented the random dynamic general equilibrium model, and Keynes' followers have injected new methods and new models (can also be said that it can be said that it can be said that it can be said that It is old) the realistic significance, and to a large extent, it has successfully explained the business cycle. Today's macroeconomicists, even the most supporting free markets, will not argue too much on imperfect market issues, especially after the 2008 financial crisis. However, Keynes macroeconomic scientists have not completely abandoned the results of the real prosperous cycle model. They use these models as the reference benchmark for the new Kanes model. To some extent, idealists and realists reached a reconciliation.
Position geometry in economics and academic history? Market, government intervention and system 
Lucas is the leader of the Chicago school after Friedman and others. His academic thoughts adhering to the early Chicago tradition, government intervention was invalid, and brought this idea into the field of macroeconomics. However, in my opinion, how much this is contradictory with Friedman he respects. One of Friedman's most famous research is about Great Depression. In the book of American currency history, he thinks The substantial contraction of currency supply is the main reason for the Great Depression. However, if the price mechanism is so flexible, the money supply should not have such a great impact on the real economy. This seems to be a contradiction, I don't know what Lucas thinks.
This reminds me of a wider issue: free market and government intervention. I think intervention can be divided into two types, one is the rule of law intervention that complies with pre -set procedures, and the other is a special intervention that does not have a preset program or does not comply with the program. The first government intervention is not so bad, solving many problems that cannot be solved by spontaneous order, especially if the intervention procedure is still subject to higher legislative procedures. In addition, for the system, transparency is crucial. Based on the insights of the old system economist Kangmus, the system is the process of collective individuals (may also supplemented by belief in the process, such as a sense of justice; the author has discussed it on this magazine). At the same time, this requires transparency. The stronger the restriction power of Gao, I think this is the essence of the system.
Speaking of the system, if the reader allows me to leave the problem a little, I want to say that the biggest problem of the new system economics is that the contract is wrong as the system (so I did not recognize the real system). Zhang Wuchang, a well -known Chinese scholar, studied in a paper, saying that he took a boat on the Yangtze River when he was a child, and a group of fibrous husbands pulled his boat. He found that in order to prevent the laziness of the husband, the fibrous husbands wanted to hire a person to sit on the bow and whipped the lazy fibrous husband. He believed that this was an institutional arrangement (in fact, the contract arrangement). I read here that year, and I laughed. Professor Zhang told the Westerners a Oriental story, but I know this is probably fabricated. If you need to whip, the boss is probably the probability of the whip. In addition, the husband can also take turns to get the whip, and it is too expensive to hire individuals to fight themselves. If the fibrous husband signed the convention, after a certain pre -set program, you can drive the fibrous rope on the shoulders to drive out the team with the standard, or throw it into the Yangtze River. This has the spirit of the system, and it is no longer a contract.
Gao Shi, Guo Shi and Cavaliers 
Lucas rarely made comments on the real economy, such as the 2008 financial crisis and quantitative easing at that time. This is probably related to his academic concept. If the market mechanism is perfect, then there is really not much to say about economic policy. Lucas did not have a government position in Washington and did not have the economic consultant of any president. He said the same words and deeds and adhered to his belief in free market economics. This is respectable, he is a Gao Shi away from Washington.
The Keynesist is going to enter the WTO. They pay attention to reality, roll up their sleeves, entered the room, and develop bold monetary policy tools. The national scholar.
However, Gao Shi and Guo Shi, I think they are both knights who pursue true honor. If I have a biased bias or even a shallow fallacy, but I think he should like it. Tribute to a generation of thought knights!
Note: This article only represents the author's personal point of view. The author is a PhD in economics and a financial practitioner
Editor of this article Xu Jin jin.xu@ftchinese.com 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099851 
The significance of the Taiwan June 4th Evening Party has gradually increased Hong Kong people gathered and mourned 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T16:22:00Z
Description: Taipei continued to rain on June 4th. The 34th anniversary of the June 4th Anniversary of Liberty Square attracted nearly a thousand people. Although the scale is not compared to the commemorative crowds of the previous years in Hong Kong Victoria Park, the Chinese government has continued to attack martial arts. There are still many people from all ages in Taiwan to respond, and Voice of Germany reporters also saw several Hong Kong participants who wiped out tears at the scene.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['德中关系', '谷歌', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '天安门', '香港', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '中国', '雨伞革命']
Id: 65821476
Taipei June 4th Week 34 Week commemorative event scene placed 8964 cloth strips on the ground and put electronic candles on it.
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Hong Kong artist Huang Guo Cai, who moved to Taiwan for two years, appeared on Sunday (June 4), appeared on the 64th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of Taipei Liberty Plaza. He told DW that he was able to do this is a miracle. Sanmu was arrested in Causeway Bay on June 3rd]](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/六四香港六千警防街頭悼念-多人被帶走/a-65820016)He couldn't help crying.
"I caught any behavior without doing any behavior, more than 30 to 40 policemen. At that time, he said two words:" Don't be afraid of Hong Kong people!Don't forget that tomorrow will be June 4th. "
There are many people who are as sad as he are at the scene. A 50 -year -old Ms. Wu moved to Taiwan for a year, saying that she was the first time to participate in the Taiwan party for the first time, and "I want to miss it."
"Last year is the last time, everyone can't go in, it's a pity." She said that Hong Kong people can only commemorate themselves now Essence She showed DW to show the candlelight generated by her mobile app in Hong Kong last year, with tears and said she hoped that this activity would continue in Taiwan.
Taiwan June 4th 34th Anniversary The theme of commemorative activities is based on the theme of "the expansion of authoritarian expansion to defend democracy to condense the star fire to support freedom", and emphasizes that "care about China's human rights, freedom and democracy is not only the responsibility of the region, but also a part of strengthening Taiwan's democratic defense."
Danish artist Gao Zhihuo's art shame shame pillar replica was placed on the spot, reminding everyone Hong Kong cannot publicize the June 4th incident except for publicity There is no space for artistic creation. The original products displayed in Hong Kong have been seized by the National Security Department in May as evidences for investigating the suspicion of subverting the state power.
The scene of Taiwan's activities has the mourning pavilion to enlighten the people's memorial service and flower offering. There are various human rights issues on the democratic market setting up stalls, and there are many issues in Hong Kong. One of the Hong Kong couples exhibited the works of democratic athletes who served in prison in Hong Kong prison. It is hoped that Taiwanese will pay attention to Hong Kong's still human rights.
The sir of the couple's pseudonym "went to the soup" in 2019 was sued by the Hong Kong authorities for riots. He said that he and his wife at the time just assisted the girls who rescued the streets and helped the other party to escape to the alley. Congress, although he was not convicted in the end, but later felt followed, the couple decided to move to Taiwan.
Different from the early June 4th commemorative activities of Taiwan, only the organizers and a few human rights workers, and the participation of hundreds of people. Since the Hong Kong Victoria Garden June 4th Candlelight Gala cannot be held, Taiwan has been regarded as the Chinese region that can finally publicly mourn publicly publicly. In addition to the increase in Hong Kong people participating in June and Fourth, there are more and more international media interviews.
Taipei June 4th Week commemorative activity site used electronic candles as a symbol of mourning.
Huang Guocai was interviewed by a number of foreign media at the scene. He told DW that Hong Kong and Taiwan seemed to be "identified". In the past, Taiwan had experienced white terror in the authoritarian era. It has been democratized today, but Hong Kong has turned back into Taiwan.
He said: "For Hong Kong people, Taiwan becomes a place of freedom, so that everyone is nostalgic, but to breathe free air, so now Hong Kong and Taiwan become a community of fate of suppressive."
For two years in Taiwan, Huang Guo said that he was surprised at first. The Taiwanese seemed to have no sense of the fate of the Hong Kong people. Even the Beijing launching missiles had passed his head and did not respond. "The first line has been suppressed by the CCP", and Hong Kong people have also understood the essence of the Chinese regime in 2014 and the 2019 CIA.
He believes that Taiwanese people must recognize that the Communist China has changed. No matter what kind of war type, including information and cognitive wars, it is impossible for Taiwanese people to rely on themselves: "The only way out is unity."
Taiwan's political figures 
When the June 4th incident broke out in 1989, Taiwan once resonated with democracy and freedom, and the call of the National Government at that time with "national feelings", which made the people in Taiwan very much concerned about June 4th.
However, with the process of democratization in Taiwan, the Chinese authoritarian government continued, and even after Xi Jinping took office to strengthen the control of Chinese society, cross -strait moved towards different routes of democracy and autocracy. More and more young Taiwanese think they are not Chinese, and therefore do not need to care about "other countries' affairs."
At the beginning of the Taipei Party, Wu Renhua, a June 4th family, delivered a speech. In addition to re -talk about his research on June 4th, the content of the speech also hoped to persuade Taiwanese to continue to care about June 4th. Taiwan respects human rights.
"The June 4th incident was a global incident. Until 34 years later, 33 cities around the world were holding the June 4th Evening Party commemorative event." Wu Renhua is telling Taiwan that paying attention to June 4th can cause countries around the world to project their attention to Taiwan.
Danish artist Gao Zhihuo's artistic shame pillar replica was exhibited in the commemorative event of the 64th week of Taipei.
Zeng Jianyuan, the chairman of the organizer of the organizer of the organizer, said directly: "The regime of suppressing the June 4th is still aimed at his weapons on Taiwan. In the future, the leaders of our country will face such problems."
He believes that regardless of Taiwan's presidential election next year, it will be "the choice of war and peace" or "the choice of democracy and autocracy". Political figures in Taiwan, especially the presidential candidates, should make a statement to the June 4th, saying that this is like a "shiny mirror" like a "demon mirror". Looking at their persistence on constitutional democracy and the determination to protect Taiwan.
Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen posted on Facebook on the day of June 4th, mentioning the "Guizhou Metro Chorus Incident", emphasizing the differences in free creation on both sides of the strait. In the case, there is only enthusiasm and no worry. "
Vice President Lai Qingde, also the presidential candidate of the DPP, was suppressed by the June 4th incident and Hong Kong human rights. China's biggest difference ".
The party presidential candidate Ke Wenzhe and the Kuomintang candidate Hou Youyi also posted on Facebook respectively. The former said: "You can't just confront, but have dialogue; The value of progress that should be pursuing between the two sides of the strait is the actual display of the June 4th to the Republic of China pursue the faith of freedom and democracy. "
There are many young participants in various places 
Another phenomenon at the scene of Taipei is that most of the participants are young people. The 19 -year -old Taiwanese classmate stated that "identifying Taiwan's nativeness does not mean that you do not need to care about June 4th." She believes that the significance of participating in this activity is that everyone gathers together. Entering Taiwan society.
The Chinese -based Chinese student Lu studied at Zhengda University. He actively participated in various human rights movements in the Philippines. He said that he had been arrested by police in the social movement. Opportunity.
"The Philippines is because of the memory of the martial law, and the authority of the authoritative rulers will be in charge of the regime. Taiwanese should also pay attention to freedom that freedom needs to be continuously reminded and continuously defended," he told DW.
Taipei June 4th Week 34 Week commemorative event setting a mourning pavilion, the picture shows the people offending the flowers.
At the scene of the event, there were even 15 -year -old middle school students who came to support. They learned about Chinese issues through YouTube. Classmate Chen said: "We have not been able to speak like China, but we finally launch those movements successfully, but China also launch these movements at the same time, but it is not successful, so I think this is close to us of."
He said that he often encountered "little pink" in playing games. In addition to regarding Taiwan as part of China, he would also use "frogs" and other words. This also caused him to discuss this issue with some classmates. "Back to", they later learned more about the problems facing the Chinese people.
Another classmate said that in the game, there are many "normal people" in the game: "There are many normal people who are normal, not everyone is" small pink ", and they are willing to share, but they are just they "White Paper Movement" is not successful. "
DW also visited a student from Mainland China. The 22 -year -old Zhou classmate studying in Taiwan said: "It is theore to say that there should be activities in many places in the mainland in June 4th, but unfortunately we have no way to participate in the mainland. Since it is in Taiwan, in Taiwan, in Taiwan, in Taiwan. A relatively safe place, I should go to participate even more. "
He from mainland China said that the older mainland people knew June 4th, but some people could not say that some people would say "student riots" from a government perspective, so it is important to continue to pass the truth.
After the implementation of the National Security Law in Hong Kong, Taiwan has become the only place in Chinese society that can mourn June 4th With the addition of increased vocal volume in Hong Kong people, and the concerns of China's authoritarian expansion, can Taiwan become the last fortress to commemorate June 4th? Or, like facing other Chinese issues, the Taiwanese have long been accustomed to it and cannot have a greater response?
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/台灣六四晚會意義漸增-港人聚集悼念/a-65821476?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
On the 34th anniversary of the 64th, some of the difficulties went to Beijing Wan'an Cemetery to honor relatives who were killed by the army 34 years ago. 
Author: VOA
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T16:35:12+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 08:35:12Z
Description: On June 4, 2023, some of the families of the victims in Beijing were like previous years. Under the monitoring of police personnel, they collectively went to the cemetery to mourn their loved ones who died of tanks and machine guns. The claims, that is, the truth, compensation, and accountability, and urged the CCP authorities to announce the truth of the June 4th tragedy and the list of the victims, in order to finally solve this historical issue fairly.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['纪念六四', '中国', '每日视频新闻']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/families-of-tiananmen-massacre-marked-anniversary-at-their-lost-loved-ones-tombstones-20230604/7122172.html 
The tension between the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea upgraded Germany and announced that they would send warships to India next year 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T16:57:56-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T16:57:56-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 German Defense Minister Boris Pistous(Borispsis)It was announced on Sunday that Germany would send two warships to the Indo -Pacific region in 2024. Reuters pictures
According to Reuters reported on June 4, when the tension between the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea upgraded, German Defense Minister Boris Pistous(Boris Pistorius)It was announced on Sunday that Germany would send two warships to the Indo -Pacific region in 2024.
According to the content of the speech issued by the Ministry of Defense of Germany, Pistous said at the "Shangri -La Dialogue" held on the same day that countries need to maintain the rules -based international order and protect the main maritime channels. "For this reason, the German Federal Federation In 2021, the government has dispatched a frigate to the Indo -Pacific region and will deploy a frigate and a supply ship in the area again in 2024. "
It is reported that although Pistous said that the above deployment is not aimed at any country, the move is obviously targeted at China.
It is reported that due to concerns about China's sovereignty in the South China Sea, in 2021, German warships have entered the South China Sea for the first time in the past 20 years. 40% of foreign trade maritime transportation can be traveled to the South China Sea.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-06042023165641.html 
The MAC responded to the college students in Taiwan to mourn the arrest of June 4th and call on the Hong Kong government to respect the freedom of speech 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T17:09:42-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T17:09:42-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Liu Jiayi, a graduate student in Taiwan University(right)In Hong Kong's mourning June 4th day, Anmen incident was arrested by the police on the grounds that "with incitement diagrams" Reuters pictures
Liu Jiayi, a graduate student in Taiwan University, mourn in Hong Kong's June 4th Annmen incident and was arrested by the police on the grounds of "incitement diagram". The Taiwan MAC responded this Sunday.
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency report on June 4, the MAC said on the same day that the rule of law and human rights rule of law is a lifestyle and basic value that Taiwan and the world cherish. The Hong Kong police took a number of people to mourn the June 4th people, calling on Hong Kong to respect the people's freedom of freedom. It is expected that the Hong Kong Government to have the maximum tolerance for human rights such as the people's speech. This is a critical attitude to maintaining the harmony of Hong Kong society.
The MAC emphasized that the Taiwan government is very concerned about the arrest of Hong Kong students in Taiwan for June 4th mourning activities, and will try their best to provide necessary assistance with the Ministry of Education and the National Taiwan University to provide necessary assistance. It is hoped that the Hong Kong government will handle related cases in a fair and appropriate way, and let students return to Taiwan as soon as possible to complete their studies. The Taiwan government will continue to pay attention to the development of the relevant situation and should be placed in a timely manner.
According to reports, Liu Jiayi is from Hong Kong and has participated in the Hong Kong District Council election. He is currently a student of the National Taiwan and Rural Institute. He has been paying attention to the issue of Hong Kong for a long time, and has previously completed his university studies at the Department of History at ZTE University in Taiwan. The Hong Kong media disclosed that on the eve of the 34th anniversary of the Annmen incident in June 4, Liu Jiayi was wearing a top with the word "truth" on June 3, sealing with tape, and holding 6 white roses and 4 red roses to express memorization. Mourning of the June 4th incident. But soon, Liu Jiayi was arrested by the Hong Kong police as "suspected of incitement of incitement" and "non -inspection of public local behavior".
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-06042023165836.html 
A woman waving the American flag in Beijing's Bird's Nest and throwing the "Declaration of Independence" was controlled by security guards 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T17:14:51-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T17:14:51-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A woman waving the American flag in Beijing's Bird's Nest and Sprinkling "Declaration of Independence" was controlled by security Network screenshot/rights protection network
According to the news released on Sunday on Sunday, on the eve of June 3rd on the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, outside the Mayday concert venue of the Beijing Bird's Nest National Stadium, a woman waved the US flag and slogan at a high place and threw the Section of the Declaration of Independence. Essence But then the woman was stopped by the security staff.
As of now, the follow -up situation of the arrested women is unknown, and no one knows its personal information. The above incident was quickly fermented by the onlookers' recorded videos to release the Internet, and was called "female version of Peng Lifa (Peng Zaizhou)" by netizens.
The Rights Protection Network stated that it is hoped that all sectors of society can spread the matter in order to get in touch with her family and call on the authorities to release the woman in innocence as soon as possible.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-06042023171015.html 
Lai Qingde: Taiwan's 2024 election is the choice of democracy and autocracy 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T17:17:40-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T17:17:40-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Lai Qingde attended the meeting of the establishment of the friendship meeting of Miaoli County, Taiwan Screenshot of Facebook/Lai Qingde
Lai Qingde, the party chairman of the 2024th election of democratic progress, said that the acceptance of a Chinese principle and the consensus of 1992 is the transfer of sovereignty. The key to the 2024 election is the choice of democracy and autocracy.
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, when Lai Qingde attended the meeting of the establishment of the friendship meeting of Miaoli County on the day of the Miaoli County, he pointed out that in 1989, the students of mainland China gathered in Tiananmen, Beijing. The freedom of speech also requires the establishment of social fairness and justice to solve the problem of corruption. However, the Chinese government responded to student requirements by suppression. In 1990, the "Wild Lily School movement" also occurred in Liberty Plaza in Taiwan. The then President Lee Teng -hui accepted the request of students, including the dissolution of the National Congress, the abolition of temporary clauses, the convening of the country as a meeting, the announcement of the political and economic reform schedule, etc. Today, they have gradually realized that the people of Taiwan can enjoy democracy and freedom and win international affirmation.
Lai Qingde specifically pointed out that the key to the Taiwan election next year is to let the public decide that Taiwan should maintain an authoritarian dictatorship like mainland China, or let President Tsai Ing -wen continue to advance and deepen the democratic road in recent years. "This election is democratic and autocracy. choose". He said that peace with sovereignty is true peace. It is not true peace that allows crossing sovereignty. Accepting a Chinese principle and 1992 consensus is to transfer sovereignty.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-06042023171522.html 
There are people in Hong Kong at night to commemorate the June 4th police near Victoria Garden to take away 24 people 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T17:21:52-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T17:21:52-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On the night of the 34th anniversary of the 64th, some citizens went to Victoria Garden to hold mourning activities in different forms, and the police took 24 people. Associated Press Picture
According to the Hong Kong "Ming Pao" reported on June 4, on the night of the 34th anniversary of the 64th, some citizens went to the Weiyuan area to hold a mourning event in different forms. The police took 24 people, including Xu Hanguang, member of the former member of the Association.
It is reported that after the night, the police's cloth defense was significantly strengthened, but from time to time, some citizens took candles or wearing "special clothes" to Mourning June 4th, and several citizens went to Victoria Garden to mourn. At nearly 8 o'clock in the evening, the 25 -year -old man named Li held the book "The People will not forget". After passing through the inlet of the Victoria Garden, he showed that he was here to commemorate June 4th, but he was then closed for search. Deng Jianhua, the former vice chairman of the Practitioners of the Black Together in the June 4th report of the "Wen Po", was also intercepted and took on the police car.
The Hong Kong police said on Sunday evening that from noon to 11 pm, the police found that someone was "suspected of destroying social tranquility" in public places in Wan Chai District and North Point District of Hong Kong Island. At about 9.40 pm, the police patrolled a woman in Victoria Park, and found that a woman was suspicious, and then stepped forward. The woman refused to show the identity document to the police officer and made a verbal warning at the scene of the police officer. Then she arrested the 53 -year -old woman named by a 53 -year -old district. In addition, the police also took away 11 men and 12 female citizens who were aged 20 to 74 on the grounds of "suspected damage to social tranquility".
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/11-06042023171820.html 
Former Chinese Ambassador to the United States: The United States must stop military deployment at the gate of China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T17:41:54+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 09:41:54Z
Description: A retired Chinese senior diplomat said in Singapore on Sunday that if he wants to restore high -level defense negotiations between two superpowers, the United States should reduce military deployment close to China in the "sincerity".
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/former-chinese-ambassador-says-us-must-halt-military-deployments-near-china-20230604/7122158.html 
Muyudin and Mahathir cooperate with UMNO: each takes what you need 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T17:51
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T17:52
Description: Mu Yuding, chairman of the indigenous unity party, expressed his willingness to cooperate with each other through the media last week. UMNO means that the two are required to take each other, because the bank account of the Turban Party has been frozen and the funds from Mahathir are needed, and Mahathir needs the Turkish Party as an activity platform. Mahathir on ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['巫统', '马哈迪', '慕尤丁']
Mu Yuding, chairman of the indigenous unity party, expressed his willingness to cooperate with each other through the media last week. UMNO means that the two are required to take each other, because the bank account of the Turban Party has been frozen and the funds from Mahathir are needed, and Mahathir needs the Turkish Party as an activity platform.
Mahathir issued a statement last Thursday (June 1) that if he has a common goal and achieves a consensus, he is willing to cooperate with Muyadin. The next day on Facebook, Muyudin showed that the recent political development caused Malaysian Mentistic at the painful crossroads. "As a Muslim, I am going to cooperate with all Malay and Muslims such as Mahathir to defend race, religion and state."
UMNO Supreme Director Bu Ai On Sunday (June 4) pointed out on Facebook that Muyudin is going to cooperate again with Mahathir, which may be the campaign funds that need to raise the six states for the National League. Mu Yuding is also the chairman of the National Alliance.
Bu Ai believes that due to the investigation of the Anti -Corruption Commission, the funds in the bank account have been frozen, so they may need "huge donations." "Due to the money, Muyadin may once again become a partner with Mahathir, and Mahathir still has a lot of money and resources. We will see how the national alliance provides charity services in the later state elections."
Mahathir and Muyudin created the indigenous unity party and joined the Pakatan Harapan in 2016. The Pakatan Harapan also successfully ended the status of the ruling party in the 60s of BN in May 2018. However, after the "Sheraton Incident" at the end of February 2020, the Pakatan Harapan government announced a collapse, and Mahathir also broke and attacked each other.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401167 
Kiev's nearly half of the air prevention cave cannot be used by Minister Ukraine to call it "incredible" 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T20:34
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T20:34
Description: Preliminary inspections carried out by the Ukrainian government showed that nearly half of the air -raid cave of the capital Kiev was closed or did not meet the use standards. Kamishan, Minister of Strategic Industry in Ukraine, said it was "incredible." Oleksandr Kamyshin Sunday (June ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '俄乌战争', '基辅']
Preliminary inspections carried out by the Ukrainian government showed that nearly half of the air -raid cave of the capital Kiev was closed or did not meet the use standards. Kamishan, Minister of Strategic Industry in Ukraine, said it was "incredible."
Oleksandrkamyshin said on Sunday (June 4) that the authorities had 359 unpreparedness and 122 locked on the 1078 air defense facilities visited on the first day of inspection, and only 597 were available.
He said on Telegram: "Only half (air -proof cave) is open and ready. This fact makes me unbelievable. Yesterday, when we checked the anti -aircover of Obolon in Obolon, the vast majority of the vast majority of the vast majority The anti -aircraft cave is closed. "
Camishan said the inspection would continue.
Last Thursday (1st), the three of Kiev died in the Russian air strikes in a timely manner because they could not enter the internal refuge in time. Ukrainian President Zelei subsequently ordered the national air defense facilities on Friday (2nd).
This incident aroused strong public dissatisfaction. Kiev Mayor Clechko acknowledged that he had some responsibility for the matter on Friday, but it was difficult for others to blame other people, especially the Zelei allies responsible for managing all districts of Kiev.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401205 
Ma Guomin Party News: Lin Jixiang will receive Fengdan Sri 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T20:37
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T20:42
Description: Many sources pointed out that the Democratic Action Party veterans Lin Jixiang was expected to be the title of Dan Sri, the head of the Malaysian heads of state on Monday (June 5), and became the first member of the Democratic Bank of the Civil Bank. Huang Quan'an, Councilor of the Penang Democratic Party of Penang the day before yesterday (6 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['林吉祥']
Many sources pointed out that the Democratic Action Party veterans Lin Jixiang was expected to be the title of Dan Sri, the head of the Malaysian heads of state on Monday (June 5), and became the first member of the Democratic Bank of the Civil Bank.
Huang Quanan, a member of the Paris Party of Penang, revealed on the Facebook post on the Facebook post that the "Dan Srilin Jixiang" was rehearsed in the National Royal Palace on the Facebook post on Sunday (June 4). Huang Quanan also attached a photo of Lin Jixiang in the National Palace. Many sources of the People's Bank of China have also confirmed to many Malaysian media that Lin Jixiang will be Fengdan Sri.
In 2018, the DPP announced that in the future, members of the People's Bank of China and the county and county members cannot accept the title of the title, but the retired leader can accept the booking. This is to prevent the outside world from thinking that the Democratic Party is enthusiastic about fame and fortune. Lin Jixiang currently does not have any official or party positions.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401208 
The sponsor of the wall disassembly movement Qiao Xingxin lost contact in Laos and doubted the cross -border law enforcement of Chinese public security in Laos 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (高锋)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T20:51:24+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 17:13:49Z
Description: On the eve of the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th", Qiao Xingxin, an objeptor who recently actively called for the demolition of the Chinese online fence, lost contact in Laos in Southeast Asian countries. Sources revealed that Qiao Xingxin was taken away by multiple government personnel in the residence and did not rule out the cross -border law enforcement of Chinese public security. Some objections are asking the U.S. State Department to intervene through different channels.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '人权']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/global-bangfw-organizer-allegedly-arrested/7122261.html 
The poverty rate for the elderly in Korea is over 40%. 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T22:02
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T22:02
Description: The Yonhap News Agency reported that under the increasingly accelerated process of Korean society, the problem of poverty in the elderly was worrying. In 2020, the poverty rate for the elderly in South Korea was 40.4%, which was the highest among the OECD members. Minister of Bank of Korea Wu Taixi and Assistant Professor of Incheon University ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '老龄化']
The Yonhap News Agency reported that under the increasingly accelerated process of Korean society, the problem of poverty in the elderly was worrying. In 2020, the poverty rate for the elderly in South Korea was 40.4%, which was the highest among the OECD members.
The paper chief of the Bank of South Korea, Wu Taixi, and the assistant professor at Incheon University, Li Xunyuan, published on Saturday (June 3) that the average life expectancy of Koreans has been extended from 72 in 1991 to 86 in 2021. However, factors such as the incomplete pension and private annuity system, the application for retirement, extension of life expectancy, and insufficient savings have caused many elderly people to face poverty.
Fight in 2020, the poverty rate of the elderly in South Korea reached 40.4%, ranking first among the member states of the OECD. Fight in 2021, the employment rate of people over 65 years old is 34.9%, which is also the first member of the Economic Organization.
The analysis believes that compared with the early retirement of elderly people in major developed countries, many Korean elderly people still engage in low salaries to maintain their livelihoods.
The survey showed that the average monthly income of 68 -year -old workers in South Korea was 1.8 million won (about S $ 1,860) last year, 42%less than the 58 -year -old (3.11 million won). The labor participation rate and average monthly income of the 50 -year -old group were 97%and 3.71 million won, but afterwards, the labor participation rate and average monthly income of the 75 -year -old population were only 27%and 1.39 million won.
People over the age of 65 account for the proportion of the total population. It is expected that it will increase from 17.5%last year to 46.6%in 2070. The poverty of the elderly in South Korea may further deteriorate.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401224 
June 4th Against Day: Tiananmen Square is closely blocked, and the Hong Kong police are like the enemy 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁, 邓凯欣)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T22:54:17+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 18:49:34Z
Description: Sunday (June 4) was the 34th anniversary of the bloody suppression incident of Tiananmen in 1989. In Tiananmen Plaza in the center of Beijing, the authorities further strengthened the premium control measures for squares and surrounding areas to prevent the public from expressing mourning or commemoration. In China, it was the only city in China that can publicize the June 4th Hong Kong, and the police waved the National Security Law.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '纪念六四']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-tightens-access-to-tiananmen-square-on-anniversary-of-1989-pro-democracy-protests-20230604/7122347.html 
Ke Palace: French provides remote missiles to the Russian -Ukraine conflict to "spiral upgrade" 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T23:32
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T23:32
Description: The Kremlin Sunday (June 4) warned that if France and Germany provided any long -range missiles to Ukraine, it would make the Russian -Ukraine conflict "spiral upgrade". The Kremlin spokesman Peskov said in an interview with the Russian Channel (Rossiya-1): "...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌冲突', '俄罗斯']
The Kremlin Sunday (June 4) warned that if France and Germany provided any long -range missiles to Ukraine, it would make the Russian -Ukraine conflict "spiral upgrade".
The Kremlin spokesman Peskov said in an interview with the Russian Channel (Rossiya-1): "We have begun to see a discussion about the 500 kilometers or more of France and Germany. This is a very different weapon, It will lead to another round of spiral rising in the tension situation. "
The United Kingdom confirmed last month that it delivered a StormShadow missile with a range of more than 250 kilometers to Ukraine, becoming the first country to provide Ukraine with remote cruise missiles. In contrast, Himars provided by the United States is only about 80 kilometers.
Ukraine has required Germany to provide a 500 -kilometer Taurus cruise missile. French President Macron also announced a new missile for Ukraine earlier. He did not explain the missile model, but said that the range of missiles was enough to allow the Ukraine to launch a spring counterattack.
Ukraine claims that it needs to include more weapons including remote missiles to resist the Russian offensive and recover the falling territory. Russia has repeatedly criticized Western countries to provide weapons for Ukraine, saying that NATO member states have actually directly participated in the Russian conflict.
Peskov reiterated that Russia will continue to have special military operations in Ukraine until "completing the task ... No other choices."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230604-1401241 
Chinese warships Taiwan Strait intercept the collision of US ship insurance brewing. Beijing depends on the "provocations" of the United States 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T00:02:22+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 16:02:22Z
Description: Chinese State Councilor and Minister of Defense Li Shangfu on Sunday (June 4) to intercept a defense of the U.S. destroyer who performed a free sailing mission with the Canadian frigates in the Taiwan Strait in dangerous actions in the Taiwan Strait. "Hegemony" and "provocation" for China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '中国', '台海两岸关系']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-defends-buzzing-american-warship-in-taiwan-strait-20230604/7122389.html 
Shangri -La dialogue: China has been questioned different words and deeds, and there is no interest in the United States and China. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (斯洋)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T02:33:53+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04 19:00:58Z
Description: Li Shangfu, a Chinese State Councilor and Minister of Defense, explained the "Chinese New Security initiative" at the Shangri -La Security Dialogue on Sunday (June 4). The beautiful words such as openness, tolerance, transparency, equality, rule of law, dialogue, peace, and win -win "are filled with Li Shangfu's entire speech. However, during the questioning stage after the speech, whether China can say the same words and deeds is questioned.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '中国', '美中关系']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/lishangfu-shangri-la-china-hypocrisy-20230604/7122424.html 
