世界新闻
World News
2023-06-15
 
English 
Why did the case of "suspect feeding" in New Taipei City Kindergarten in New Taipei City caused panic in Taiwan for parents in Taiwan? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-14T01:18:44.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T01:18:44.000Z
Description: A well -known chain private kindergarten in Banqiao, New Taipei City, Taiwan has recently been exposed to the case of "controlled drugs" in the feeding of the hospital, which shocked Taiwan and caused panic in Taiwan.
Images: [" _128572803_ge... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['台湾', '药', '孩子', '犯罪', '健康卫生 ']
Type: Article
Taiwan New Taipei City Kindergarten "Suspecting Medicine" case why it triggers to panic in Taiwan 
June 14, 2023 Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Parents said that before May this year, after the incident on May 18, after the media was exposed, other parents began to report on May 22, indicating that more than one person was fed (not the parties).
A well -known chain private kindergarten in Banqiao, New Taipei City, Taiwan has recently occurred in the case of "controlled drugs" in the feeding of the hospital, which shocked Taiwan and caused panic in Taiwan's parents. 
According to Taiwan media reports, a franchise store in the "Genduba Kindergarten" in the downtown area of New Taipei City has recently been accused of feeding children's unknown drugs by parents. Some parents said that they found that their children had experienced self -harm and irritability in recent months. After asking the child, they learned that the "unknown medicine" that the teacher feeded and adjusted was induced to use children.
After the parents were sent to the medical examination, they found that many children were detected in the residue of controlling drugs such as Phenobarbita and notified them. After the media was exposed, it caused panic in Taiwan, and public opinion has not showed signs of calming.
The New Taipei City Government stated on Monday (June 12) that at least eight young children are currently experimented with a small amount of "phenobarbich" and "phenyl nitrogen" in Taiwan as three -level control drugs in Taiwan; On the same day, 22 parents told the kindergarten and the teacher, and collected 12 hair tests for appraisal agencies. The kindergarten was also required to be suspended by New Taipei City on the same day. The 67 children in the park had 25 children transferred to school, and the remaining 42 young children were arranged for resettlement.
The New Taipei Procuratorate of Taiwan said that if a parent reports, or if the suspect is suspected of criminals, it will collect children's hair for investigation. The kindergarten has denied the allegations to take any controlled drugs for children.
Beijing high -end kindergarten abuse children continue to ferment: the two were detained Children's child abuse: What is the British preschool education system? Taiwan boy trainer was fell into a coma: why no one stops the coach? * The Golden Horse Awards after the red and yellow blue things were awarded to the theme of sexual assault girls 
Parent's voice 
A five -year -old father, Mike, told BBC in Chinese that returning from a long vacation in the lunar calendar this year, the parents of the kindergarten have noticed the child's health. He told reporters: "Parents have discovered that during vacation, that is, during the suspension of the drug, emotional anger, irritability, unstoppable screams when sleeping, and even crowded feet and crying. I was surprised. "
Another lady "Xiaoxin Mom" told BBC in Chinese that the three -year -old son Xiaoxin entered the kindergarten before he was a child who was in school and was not afraid of adults. It was greatly retreated by yourself. It turned out that it was only the normal reaction of the development stage. Now that I think about it, there is a trace to find it, "she said.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Hou Youyi, a candidate for the Kuomintang 2024 presidential election, is also the mayor of New Taipei City. He was overwhelming in the New Taipei Mayor election last year, but now, the parents of New Taipei City questioned the slow crisis.
Xiaoxin's mother told reporters that she quickly transferred her son to school. After that, her son had obviously increased his smile and improved his physical spirit. , Children can finally disclose the atrocities of the teacher in the past -'I used to be afraid to hide', 'Teachers will use hard stationery who can fight other people' When comparing the front and back, you can know how much physical and mental damage the school brings to the child!For the mother, every time you know it, it is extremely impact and heartbreak!"
Mike said that parents notified before May this year. After the incident on May 18 was exposed in the media, other parents began to report on May 22, indicating that more than one child was fed, but the New Taipei City Government waited until June. On the 5th, the second expanded search for other teachers and principals was expanded. The efficiency of the municipal government's processing efficiency made them very dissatisfied.
Xiaoxin Mom criticized the parents of New Taipei last week to criticize the parents. She believed that she would have no public transparency at all. She said that the case is a major public issue, but only the guardian participates in the media and public opinion representatives to participate in these two meetings. ? Parents who have not been free to participate, write authorization books to relatives and friends to attend, and it is not allowed. "
She emphasized that the general administrative households and even the court can allow the parties to authorize her to participate. explain.
This children's health incident seemed to have risen storms in Taiwan's politics. This is because as the Kuomintang 2024 presidential election candidate, Hou Youyi is also the mayor of New Taipei City. He won an overwhelming victory in the New Taipei Mayor's election last year, but now, the parents and public opinion in New Taipei City have questioned the crisis. Essence Whether this incident will affect its top attack is the new focus of Taiwan's politics.
Why does the controlled drug appear in kindergarten? 
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, the president and staff of the kindergarten confessed that parents agreed to feed their children with cold potion. But parents denied that the garden party said that they took out the child's medication list and said that there was no such thing: "Which doctor and parents will agree to eat 'phenobarbad' for their children?" Parents said.
However, Hong Zhengxian, a pharmacist at Taiwan Xiuchuan Hospital, told Taiwan Media Union News. "Some cough drugs and gastrointestinal drugs contain phenobarby, and they are not pipe drugs. New News Weekly also said that according to the magazine survey, at present, Taiwan Pharmaceutical Factory has manufactured phenobabic drugs. A total of 9 models have obtained medicine certificates, and 6 indications are relatively common gastrointestinal diseases. ","
But parents emphasized that according to the child's medical record, the above drugs were not prescribed. Taipei Pediatrician, Dr. Lin Zhizheng, said on Facebook that compound drugs containing phenobarbur are extremely rare to be used to preschool children in the Taiwanese doctor's outpatient clinic. He said, "In theory, the only possibility is that these children have a history of epilepsy and clearly have phenobarbur prescription notes."Yan Zonghai, director of the Department of Clinical Poison, Taiwan Chang Geng Hospital, told the media that phenobarbich is a category of drug components, and almost all of them are oral drugs. He said that phenobarbur drugs are mostly used for the treatment of epilepsy and surgical anesthesia, which is difficult to obtain controlled drugs.
Phenobarbich is also used for compound drugs (including 2 or more effective ingredients). In addition to epilepsy, drugs that treat gastrointestinal tract and respiratory diseases will also appear. Yan Zonghai said that excessive use may cause drowsiness, and even inhibit the danger of life. Moreover, children will have addictive signs. When the application is stopped suddenly, there will be symptoms of restless abstinence.
Decades ago, Taiwan had underground drug -making factories and sold related drugs "red" in underground circulation. It has led to serious social and public health problems. The drug slowly disappeared later.
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-6588854/P0B7VM5M/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65888554/p0b7vm5m/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
The father of the pharmaceutical saving son: "I don't want him to wait for death in despair"
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65888554 
For AI "Steading" strong supervision and corporate self -discipline (Free Version) (Free Version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T03:03:07+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-13T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-13T22:18:99+08:00
Description: FT Chinese website editor -in -chief Wang Feng: Large language model developers are responsible for helping users identify AIGC. All sectors of society should encourage and urge these institutions to accelerate development and provide tools and educational services to the public for free.
Images: [" 000184020_pic... "]
Themes: ['AI', '关注']
Keywords: ['AI', '人工智能', 'ChatGPT', 'OpenAI', '机器学习', '马斯克']
Type: Article
 In the context of the rapidly occupying AI technology highlands of the scientific and technological competition and capital of Greater Power, Wang Feng, editor -in -chief of FT Chinese website, said that the strong regulatory actions of the AI "Step on the brake" recently called for the recent call for AI However, it is still possible to make progress in several limited directions, such as allowing platforms and users to have tools and capabilities to identify AIGC.
On June 8th, the Ministry of Education of East China Normal University invited Wang Feng, editor -in -chief of FT Chinese website to analyze related risks from the perspective of "pollution" from AIGC's learning content, machine generation content, and "pollution" of machine learning materials And the way of response.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099956 
Three -piece set in the middle class, tears of the times (Free Version) 
Authors: ['徐瑾']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T03:06:02+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-13T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-13T19:07:99+08:00
Description: Xu Jin: Thousands of housing loans, spouses do not work, and the second child goes abroad to become a middle -class three -piece suit, which has caused the network group to laugh at. Are these middle class wrong? Why do they make such decisions? What does the trend of returning poverty in the middle class indicate?
Images: [" 000124232_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中产', '中产阶级', '趋势', '中国经济', '软阶层']
Type: Article
 Recently, "three killed middle -class" set fire.
The so -called three -piece set is "nearly 10 million mortgages, spouses do not work, and second -born abroad". The original author of this paragraph comes from my friend Zhang Mingyang. For a while, the group mocked the middle class became the most loud one in the new social market.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099952 
Yin Xiyue is in power, and it is difficult to improve China -South Korea relations (Free Version) 
Authors: ['邓聿文']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T03:54:44+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-13T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-13T23:47:99+08:00
Description: Deng Yanwen: South Korea is ambitious to pursue the center of the global hub. When conflicting with China, it is unlikely to compromise. From the perspective of China and South Korea ’s diplomacy, South Korea has clearly planned to refund, and China has no intention of showing weakness.
Images: [" 000178787_pic... "]
Themes: ['中韩关系', '关注']
Keywords: ['中韩关系', '韩国', '尹锡悦', '中美关系']
Type: Article
 China and South Korea's latest diplomatic disputes have witnessed these two neighboring countries. The matter was caused by the Chinese Ambassador to Korea Xing Haiming on June 8th, and Li Zaiming, the leading Democratic Party of South Korea in the Wild Party, was the following words that made the Korean side strong. Interference of external factors. The United States is trying to suppress China, and some people bet that the United States will win and China loses. This is obviously misjudgment. He has not seen the general trend of history. He also said that people who bet on China now will regret it in the future.
According to the exchanges between me and my Korean media, Xing Haiming said that South Korea's betting between the United States and China should lose China. This should not be fake. A Korean friend once bluntly told me that he believed that China and the United States confronted that China would lose. South Korea would change the diplomacy that had a balanced position between the United States and China and joined the United States Sino -China Alliance. This view is quite market in South Korea. Yin Xiyue is also very beautiful. Nevertheless, the fierce response to Xing Haiming's remarks on Xing Haiming still exceeded many Chinese people's expectations. The outside world saw that South Korean Foreign Minister Park Zhen condemned Xing Haiming for his excessive remarks. According to diplomatic practices, the ambassador's score was to enhance the friendship between the two countries, not the misunderstanding of communication. Zhang Huzhen, the first deputy foreign minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of South Korea, also summoned Xing Haiming on the same day, saying that he in front of many media, condemned the Korean policy with the unspeakable wording and the facts that contrary to the facts. The interference in domestic politics in South Korea violates the Vienna Convention and warns that Xing Haiming should do well in the division, and all the consequences must be borne by me. Zhao Taiyong, the head of the South Korean National Security Office, also said during the day talk about South Korea -China relations that it will pursue diplomacy that conforms to national strength to build a healthy Korean -China relations. Yin Xiyue's government is centered on national interests, based on principles and mutual benefit and equivalent principles, and strives to develop into a global central country that cooperates with the international community.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099957 
What enlightenment of children who returned to the jungle 40 days? (Free version) 
Authors: ['徐海娜']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T04:55:14+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-13T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-13T19:07:99+08:00
Description: Xu Haina: People cannot rely on food just alive. We must also rely on the pursuit of our hearts, relying on love and responsibility, and relying on the connection between people to better face the adversity of life.
Images: [" 000184245_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '教育', '关注']
Keywords: ['教育', '关系', '成长', '素质教育', '情感']
Type: Article
 In recent days, many people have paid attention to an international news. On June 9, local time, Colombian President Gustov Petro announced to the media that a small aircraft crashed in the virgin forest, and after 40 days of search and rescue, four missing children have been found together. Except for dehydration, malnutrition, and mosquito bites, they were not injured and survived, including a one -year -old baby.
According to relevant media reports, they originally lived in the local indigenous people living in old forests in the mountains. There are no roads in the local area. Generally, they can only rely on small planes. On the day of the incident, the four children followed their mother and a relative, and took a small aircraft to gather with their father according to the instructions of the distant father. However, the plane crashed while flying over Amazon's virgin forest, and all three adults including aircraft drivers were killed. The remaining 4 children are 13 years old, 9 years old, 4 years old, and 1 year old. Poisonous insects and beasts in the jungle are often heavy rains and have a low visibility. The local indigenous and military started search and rescue at the same time, and they found them 40 days later. While the world was surprised and lamented that these children could survive miraculously, they all attributed their miracles to their survival of their survival skills. People say that they are mainly because they are local indigenous peoples. They have been familiar with the forest since they were young. They know what they can eat and what they can't eat. They understand the jungle, so they can survive.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099951 
Trump case: Former President of the United States or three ways to delay trial 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-14T08:31:15.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T08:31:15.000Z
Description: The first former president in the history of American history has denied the crime of illegal preservation of confidential documents to the court, and legal experts analyze the three strategies he may adopt in the next step.
Images: [" _130083295_tr... ", " _130082327_8d... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['乔·拜登', '政治', '唐纳德·特朗普', '美国', '防卫事务', '犯罪', '法律']
Type: Article
Trump case: Former President of the United States or three ways to delay trial 
June 14, 2023 Image source, Reuters/Jane Rosenberg
Image adding text,
The sketch of the court showed that in the Miami court, Trump was wearing a blue suit, and his lawyer Chriskis and Todbram were on both sides.
Former US President Trump was accused of illegally preserving confidential documents after leaving the White House, becoming the first former US former US or President in history. 
He faced 37 charges, including hindering the actions of the government's retrieved documents, but he had denied the court.
Trump has performed in court, and the prosecutor is now promoting to accelerate the interrogation.
The BBC Washington Branch reported that Trump had no expression when he appeared in court, and kept silent. After leaving, he went to a golf club in New Jersey to speak to his supporters.
The Republicans told supporters that he "fully had the right" to save relevant documents, but admitted that he had not read all documents.
After that, he made a series of unsatisfactory allegations and criticized President Biden and his former political opponent Hillary Clinton.
Legal experts pointed out that Trump may try to delay the interrogation as possible.
"He has sufficient motivation to delay," said Carltobias, a legal professor at the University of Richmond in Virginia. He pointed out that Trump is conducting a campaign to seek nominations for the Republican presidential candidate and strive to enter the White House again in 2024.
Trump's hearing on Miami on Tuesday (June 13) was a standard program. He was recorded in the case, fingerprints, and collected DNA samples, and later he denied the crime.
He was allowed to leave the court, and because he was protected by the SARs and was not regarded as a risk of escape, there was no such restrictions in the bail.
 Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
On Tuesday, Trump supporters had a mouthful with his opponent outside the court
The four major legal issues in front of Trump Trump's trial, what is his "thirty -four sins"? Trump was again criminal prosecution: Will he be imprisoned for 37 sins? The next step will be a security permit for Trump's lawyers because the case involves high confidential documents. The legal professor of law and former federal prosecutor Kevin Mcmunigal, a legal professor at Case Western Reserveunivers, said: "This takes time."
Prior to this, Trump first established his legal team in Florida. Two of his lawyers James Trusty and Johnrowley resigned on Friday, that is, he resigned one day after his prosecution.
Former President Trump ’s representative lawyer when he went to court on Tuesday was Todd Blanche, but experts pointed out that he might try to join other lawyers who practiced in the state.
At the same time, the court will enter the next step to select the jury in this case.
Mc Munican said that federal trials are often very rapid, and most of the defendants of cases will be tried within 90 days after the hearing. However, Trump's case may be an exception, because it is a well -known case that requires a security permit.
Legal experts still believe that the allegations of the former president are "surprisingly powerful", and any efforts trying to revoke the case are likely to fail.
"This is not to say that he and his lawyer will not delay as much as possible," Professor Tobiaz said.
They may hinder case advancement through the following three methods.
1 . Called no criminal crimes 
Trump repeatedly argued that he had the right to take away documents from the White House under the Presidential Records Act, and he had decrypted it before his departure.
His lawyer may put this argument in front of the court, but Professor Tobiaz said that this approach is unlikely to obtain a favorable ruling.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
On the day of Trump's court, law enforcement officers were alerting outside the court.
"I don't think he no longer has the right to retain documents after the president," said Professor Tobiaz. "The" Archive Law "is very clear. I don't think there is any doubt about it."
2 . Claim that he has suffered unfairly 
His lawyers may also argue that Trump is the victim of "selective prosecution" -he is under unfairly targeted, and other politicians, such as HillaryClinton, Mike Pence, And President Joe Biden and others have never been prosecuted for their processing of confidential documents.
Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
The supporters of former US President Trump gathered near the entrance to the Golf Course of the Dorra.
But Professor Tobiaz said that the case of former President Trump is different in several aspects. First, several other politicians were "very willing" to pay back the documents they had preserved at the time, but the evidence in the indictment showed that Trump refused to do so.
"The indictment shows that Trump has been accused of doing a lot of very irresponsible things," he said, the remarks of selective prosecution not far before the court.
3 . Try to overthrow key evidenceProfessor Mc Monica said: "That may be a question before the interrogation, which will cause some delays." 
However, he added that the judge in the case of the trial of Washington had ruled that under the principle of Crime-Fraudexception, the evidence could be included in the indictment. This exceptional principle applies to the dialogue between lawyers and customers trying to obtain legal proposal on how to perform fraud or crimes.
Experts say that even if these reasons are unlikely to completely overthrow the case, it will definitely cause some delay, because the court will have to carefully measure the issues raised by Lawyer Trump one by one.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
This is Trump's second time in three months

The support of the Republican Party is not affected 
Trump was involved in a lawsuit, and it seemed that his support among Republicans had declined.
BBC's partner Columbia Broadcasting Corporation (CBS) found that 76%of the Republican voters were even more worried that the lawsuit was political motivation, not whether documents could endanger national security.
Program, the operation of the US Department of Justice should be independent of the White House. Biden himself was also undergoing another investigation because of the processing of confidential documents. He said last week: "I never -have never -it is recommended to do what the judicial department should do."
Legal experts said that criminal criminal prosecution may make Trump prison for a considerable period of time. But he has claimed that no matter what the decision is, he will continue to run for president.
Trump appeared in court this time for less than three months. He accepted a court hearing in New York in April, and he was charged with the 2016 presidential election to falsify business documents with the sealing fee of porn women.
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-65900481/P0FDZMV/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-65900481/p0fdzvmv/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
Former US President Donald Trump was sued 34 felony felony at the court hearing in Manhattan, and Trump denied all crimes.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65900481 
Hong Kong's "National Security Law" designated judges were unveiled "Judicial Plagiarism" 98%of the verdict "Copy word by word" 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-14T09:54:42.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T09:54:42.000Z
Description: Judge Chen Jiaxin recently tried to trial "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong", and the plagiarism incident caused the outside world to question his credibility.
Images: [" _130086177_6f... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['香港版国安法', '逃犯条例', '中國', '香港', '法律']
Type: Article
Hong Kong's "National Security Law" designated judges were revealed "Judicial Plagiarism" 98%of the verdict "Copy word by word" 
June 14, 2023 Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The picture shows Hong Kong judges attending the law of the year in January 2023
The "Hong Kong National Security Law" designated judges and the Hong Kong High Court Judge Chen Jiaxin has recently been exposed to "JudicialCopying" and "extensive integration of lawyers" (JudicialCopying "in many civil cases (the words of judicial plagiarism" ( Extensive Corporation of Counsel's Submission. 
Zhang Junneng, the chief judge of the Court of Final Appeal, said that plagiarism must not be accepted, and Chen Jiaxin has made "serious commandments".
The plagiarism situation is rare in the judicial community in Hong Kong, and the incident has caused the outside world to question its credibility. Especially Chen Jiaxin has recently been responsible for trialing the "Wish Rongguang Back to Hong Kong".
The "Rebellion" protest song was anonymous in 2019 and was regarded as an unofficial Hong Kong "National Anthem". The Director of the Secretary of Justice of Hong Kong applied to the High Court for the prohibition of the song to the High Court on June 5 to prohibit the release, replication, performance and spreading online in any way.
Hong Kong Anti -Repair Example Demonstration Song "Wish Rongguang Back to Hong Kong" Banning Court Trial on July 21 Hong Kong's "Counterfeit Middle" 4th Anniversary: Forbidden Books, Forbidden language, self -examination, and Hong Kong people are "re -educated" Many details of the "Outside of the Domain for the National Security Law of the Hong Kong National Security Law" in Japan Hong Kong repair restrictions to hire overseas lawyers to handle the impact of national security cases Xia Baolong visited Hong Kong on the sixth day of "inspection" to make a political signal passed by ### "Written without a complete sentence in person"
Image source, hong Kong judiciary
Image adding text,
Chen Jiaxin is also a designated judge of the "Hong Kong National Security Law"
In April 2021, Judge Chen Jiaxin ruled that Xingzhou Pharmaceutical, which produced the "Yodao Double Materials", violated the trademark of the "Yodao Yi Qiao Qiang oil".
The defendant refused to accept the appeal, saying that more than 98%of the contents of Judge Chen Jiaxin's resignation came from the plaintiff's written resignation, and the remaining 2%did not have a complete sentence by Chen Jiaxin himself. Give full reasons.
The Appeals Division found that Judge Chen Jiaxin's resignation will copy the plaintiff's statement, only the surface is changed, such as changing the English abbreviation "P" to "The Plaintiff" and "DS" to "TheDefendants". The word "background" is changed to "introgation".
The Appeals Division finally ruled that Judge Chen Jiaxin's behavior was judicial plagiarism, approved the appeal, or ordered the case to be reviewed by another judge. "Mutterity" and abandon judicial duties.
Affects judicial confidence 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The picture shows Zhang Junneng, chief judge of the Court of Final Appeal
Hong Kong judicial agencies responded that the chief judge of the Court of Court of Final Appeal and Pan Zhaochu, the chief judge of the High Court, had given a serious coach on Judge Chen Jiaxin on the plagiarism.
Zhang Junneng completely agreed that the case of the Court of Appeal mentioned that the opinion of the case could not be copied. He believes that plagiarism is unfair to both parties in the lawsuit and also affects the public's confidence in justice and cannot accept it.
The Hong Kong Appeals Division tried another case that was also tried by Chen Jiaxin on June 14. Zi Luo Jiarui and KSL Management LTD.
The appellant pointed out that Judge Chen Jiaxin widely referred to the words of the HSBC International Trust and Luo Jiarui party in the case, and did not miss the part of the HSBC International Trust part of the part, questioning that Chen Jiaxin did not think independently when he had independent thinking when dealing with the case. Essence
The first case of the Hong Kong National Security Law Tang Yingjie was sentenced to nine years in prison The largest case of the Hong Kong National Security Law: Most of the 47s of democratic factions and 47 people have been "primary prisoners have not been tried" for two years Hong Kong's "National Security Law": Five pictures are in detail to explain the legal focus ### "Wish Rongguang" Case Lord Trial Judge
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The 2019 demonstrators often sang "Wish Rongguang to Hong Kong" on the rally
Chen Jiaxin is one of the designated judges of the "Hong Kong National Security Law". Recently, the case of the prohibited song "May Rongguang Back to Hong Kong" is responsible for the Law Department. The case was officially tried on July 21.
He used to be one of the three designated judges of the 47th democracy, but the judge Li Yunteng was replaced by the judge Li Yunteng before the trial was started earlier this year.According to Article 44 of the "Hong Kong National Security Law", the Chief Executive of Hong Kong shall be a number of judges from the judge of the referee, the judge of the regional court, the judge of the court of the High Court, the judge of the Appeal Court, and the Judge of the Final Appeal. Several judges are designated in the judges to deal with cases that endanger national security crimes.
The law also pointed out that before designating judges, the Chief Executive could consult the opinion of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Maintenance of the National Security Council and the Chief Judge of the Court of Final Appeal. The above -mentioned designated judges have a term of office for one year. Anyone who has harmful national security words and deeds shall not be specified as judges who have tried to endanger national security crimes.
Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-65902613/P0FSQDTD/ZH-HansS Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
Hong Kong protests the four -year year: "Removal China" movement back and end to the end
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65902613 
Sino -US Foreign Minister Calling Qin Gang's implicit responsibilities in bilateral relations are in the United States 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-14T10:38:00Z
Description: As US Secretary of State Brillings expects to visit China soon, the two foreign ministers have called. Qin Gang urged the United States to "stop harming the interests of the Chinese sovereign security development in the name of competition"; Blintin emphasized that the two sides maintain the communication channels to avoid the importance of misjudgment and conflict.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['专题报道：习近平访美', '南希·佩洛西']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '布林肯', '秦刚', '气球风波', '台湾问题']
Id: 65910231
Blint and Qin Gang Zhou's three -way call
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) The telephone talks held by US Secretary of State Brosky and Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang on Wednesday are the recent [a series of diplomatic frictions].(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/認中國在古巴設監聽站-白宮無礙布林肯訪華/a-65887038)The highest level dialogue under the background.
Brinken is expected to arrive in Beijing this Sunday This visit should have been taken in February, but postponed by the so -called "spy balloon" storm.
However, in this call conducted on Wednesday, Beijing time, Qin Gang emphasized that since the beginning of the year, Sino -US relations have encountered new difficulties and challenges, "responsibility is clear." He said that China has always followed the principles of mutual respect, peaceful coexistence, and win -win cooperation.
According to a notice issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, Qin Gang "clarified the strict position" on the core concerns of the Chinese issue such as Taiwan, and emphasized that "the United States should respect, stop interfering in China's internal affairs, and stop harming the interests of China's sovereign security development in the name of competition."
Qin Gang also called on the United States to "take practical actions, implement the important consensus of the two heads of state in Bali and the United States' relevant commitments, and act with China, effectively control differences, promote exchanges and cooperation, promote Sino -US relations to stop falling and stable, return to healthy and stable development, and return to healthy and stable development. track".
Related Reading: Guest Review: China Dual -track Strategy against the United States U.S. Secretary of State Broskel issued a post on Twitter that he had a phone call with Chinese State Commissioner and Foreign Minister Qin Gang and "discussed the continuous efforts of maintaining open communication channels and bilateral and global issues."
State Council spokesman Matthew Miller said that Brinken emphasized in the talks that "keeping the communication channels is unblocked and responsible handling the relationship between China to avoid misjudgment and conflict."
Miller also revealed that Brins also clearly stated in the conversation that the United States will continue to use diplomatic actions to "propose a field of concern and possible areas of cooperation."
A U.S. official revealed anonymous last week that Brins are expected to visit Beijing on the 18th. This will be the highest -level U.S. officials who visited China after October 2018 after October 2018.
Biden and Xi Jinping met in Bali in November
In November last year, US President Biden and Chinese President Xi Jinping met in Bali to ease the tension bilateral relations to avoid reaching consensus to avoid the situation of discharge of the situation. The dispatch of Brinkee's visit to China is also part of the two heads of state.
In early February, the United States announced that its airspace monitored China to detect balloons -and shot it down later, which aroused anger among US members, although Beijing denied it as a spy balloon, and insisted that it was only used for meteorological research. Brinken immediately canceled the trip to China.
Interview: The United States is time to indicate the willingness to dialogue 
However, in recent times, China and the United States seem to have begun to seek controlling tensions, including the closed -door meeting of White House Security Adviser Jakesullivan) and the director of the CCP Foreign Affairs Office in Austria Essence
In recent years, the tension between the two world's largest economies has been upgraded. One of the most important friction points is the Taiwan issue.
China Shiwan Bay is part of its territory, opposing official exchanges with the Western countries and the Taipei government, and stated that the "Wu Tong" option does not rule out. U.S. senior officials have often caused strong dissatisfaction and protests in Beijing's visit, and Washington and its Western allies have repeatedly emphasized that they oppose any efforts to change the status quo of the Taiwan Strait by force.
However, unlike the complete hostile position adopted by the former Trump at the end of his term, the Biden government has recently sought to maintain cooperation with China in a limited field, such as climate protection.
China -U.S. warship meets the Taiwan Strait 
(Agence France -Presse, Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中美外长通话-秦刚暗指双边关系困难责任在美方/a-65910231?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The "Village Super" football game of Guizhou, the popularity of the red Internet 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-14T11:43:35.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T11:43:35.000Z
Description: The "Hemei Rural Football Super League" in Rongjiang County, Guizhou, China has recently become popular. Wonderful events and unique ethnic minorities cheerleaders have attracted many fans from afar.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['体育', '中國', '农业', '足球', '年轻人']
Type: Article
"Village Super" football game in Guizhou, China 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-65904101/P0FV2HLX/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65904101/p0fv2hlx/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support the playback multimedia materials The popularity of the "village super" football game in Guizhou, China's popularity 2023 June 14, 2023
Recently, the "Village Super" football game in Rongjiang County, Guizhou, China has become popular. The full name of "Village Super" is called the "Hemei Village Football Super League" in Rongjiang, Guizhou, and is spontaneously organized by local villagers.
The 20 participating teams are based on the village. The players are composed of different industry personnel such as fishmongers, excavators, and teachers. They range from 15 to 40 years old.
In addition to wonderful ball skills, there are also ethnic singing and dancing performances in the game. The fiery atmosphere attracted many fans from afar.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65904101 
Germany introduced the first national security strategy China is an opponent and partner 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-14T12:10:00Z
Description: After a long dispute and game between the ruling party, Germany finally introduced the first national security strategy. In this security strategy, the federal government explained how to deal with the threats from external and inside in the future, and defines China as "partners, competitors and systemic opponents."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['欧债危机', '欧盟', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '德国', '中国', '留学德国', '中共十九大', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选']
Keywords: ['德国', '国家安全战略', '中国']
Id: 65912004
The first national security strategy in Germany is released
(Voice of Germany Chinese) on Wednesday (June 14), German Federal Prime Minister Shulz and Foreign Minister Berbak, Minister of Internal Affairs Ferser, National Defense Minister Pestorius, and Treasury Minister Lindona attended the meeting. Press conference, introduce more than 40 pages of long German first National Security Strategy Essence Previously, the three ruling parties conducted several months of disputes and games on the content of this security strategy.
Prime Minister Shulz At a press conference, "the goal of this security strategy is very clear: defending the safety of the people, and at the same time make our contribution to ensure the security of Europe."
Shawrtz said: "If there is no security, there is no freedom, and there is no stability and prosperity." He emphasized that the core of German security policy is still "based on the European Union and the Cross -Atlantic Alliance." He also specifically mentioned "our deep friendship with France and close partnerships with the United States."
This national security strategy has clarified some basic issues, such as which belonging to Germany's security interests, who should solve these problems as acting participants, and so on.
"Strategy" lists nine issues as the core challenges of German security: national and alliance defense, civil defense and citizen protection, international crisis treatment and development policies, prevention of foreign impact and spy activities, technology and key infrastructure protection, networks and networks, and the network and key infrastructure Space safety, raw materials and energy safety, climate crisis and major epidemic diseases, and food safety.
The first security strategy after World War II announced in Germany 
China is "partners, competitors and systemic opponents" 
When talking about Chinese issues, Shulz said that the German government would maintain a balance in its Chinese strategy. He said that the federal government has achieved unanimous and emphasized that Germany is not seeking decoupling, but to minimize risks.
Shawrtz said that China's economy will continue to grow and should continue to grow. "The process of China's integration into the world trade and global economy should not be affected. But at the same time, security issues must be resolved," Saulz said.
He also clearly welcomed the upcoming German -China government consultation meeting next week.
In Germany's national security strategy, China is defined as " partners, competitors and systemic opponents "This is consistent with the EU's expression." Strategy "states:" We noticed that competition and opponents' composition in recent years have been increasing. "But China is still a partner." Without China, many urgent global challenges cannot be resolved. "
Foreign Minister Belbock It is also emphasized that when dealing with Beijing, there is no non -black or white thinking. In terms of democracy and other issues, there are fundamental differences with China, but they also need to cooperate with China in response to climate change. She also said: "We are also constantly coordinating the cooperation with partnerships."
Where will the German policy of China be driving? 
"Strategy" also mentioned that "China is trying to reshape the existing rules -based international order in various ways, increasingly actively requests regional advantages, and repeatedly adopts actions that resist our interests and values. "" ". "The regional stability and international security are increasingly under pressure, and human rights are also ignored. China is using its economic strength to achieve political goals."
The Berlin government originally planned to introduce this national security strategy at the Munich Safety Summit held in February this year. However, at that time, the government could not reach all the contents and expressions in the strategy at that time.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德国出台首份国家安全战略-中国是对手也是伙伴/a-65912004?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
In the British and Hong Kong people, the Foreign Minister continued to plan to visit China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-14T13:30:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T09:59:39-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Security Minister Tomtugendhat transferred relevant reports in Twitter, describing the incident extremely seriously, and the police were investigating, emphasizing that they could not tolerate the extinguishing behavior. Reuters Picture/TOM TUGENDHAT Twitter Screenshot/RFA Group Figure Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/gangtai/al-06142023124117.html/@stream The British and Hong Kong people were beaten by suspected Chinese students on Sunday (11th), and the British Security Secretary Secretary of State Tomtugndhat finally responded to describe the incident seriously, and emphasized that Britain could not tolerate the voices of the power of power. However, the attacker suspected that he had returned to China. At the same time, there are media reports that the British foreign minister may visit China at the end of July, and senior CCP officials will also visit Britain next week. Will Britain soften to China, will it make Hong Kong issues marginalized?
After being beaten by suspected Chinese students after the rally of the British and Hong Kong people * "Resistance to the British Redization" to the fourth anniversary of the Sino -Chinese Movement reunited on the streets of the British and Hong Kong people For the first time in the three years, senior officials in the Hong Kong government visited the British and Hong Kong people to launch a protest "to fight against Taiwan" 
Several Hong Kong people participated in the rally after Southampton, southern England on Sunday (11th), were attacked by suspected Chinese students and attracted attention in the British and Hong Kong people. Former Hong Kong Legislative Councilor Luo Guancong, who was in exile, and CatherineWest, a British Labor member who has always been concerned about Hong Kong issues, urged the British Security Secretary of State Tom Tugendhat to investigate the incident.
** The Minister of Security may have returned to China for two days after two days.
On the third day after the attack, Tomtugndhat finally responded. He intercepted the relevant reports in Twitter that the incident was extremely serious. The police were investigating, emphasizing that the behavior of dismissal was not tolerated: "Freedom of speech is the foundation of our country. We cannot tolerate those who tell the truth to the power to the truth. Or hurt. "
However, some netizens found WeChat, which was suspected of attacking Chinese students suspected of being attacked by Chinese students. The posts showed that they were likely to set off back to China. The station asked the Hampshire police to verify that the police said that they were continuing to investigate, and there was no new information at this stage. The police responded a few days ago that the incident involved the "Hate-RelatedAssAult", causing a minor injury, but did not explain whether anyone was arrested.
After investigating the information, it is not the first time in the British Hong Kong people to be attacked for protests. In October last year, when Hong Kong people Bobchan protested by Manchester's "20th National Congress", it was dragged into the embassy by many Chinese diplomats in Manchester City in Manchester City. In November 2021, a group of Hong Kong demonstrators protested on Chinatown, London, opposing the Chinese group's "anti -discrimination" rally for the CCP to "wash" and was attacked by more than 10 Chinese people. Some Hong Kong people were beaten to break the blood, but the incident was not available.
Councilor follows Hong Kong people's security foreign ministers refusing to respond positively 
At the British Parliament Conference on Tuesday (13th), Labor Party Councilor Wester asked the security issues of British Hong Kong people and asked Foreign Minister JameScleverly: "The Hong Kong group is still very scared. The government can be outside the UK. Will you make a commitment in the parliament today? You will cooperate with the government colleagues to urgently deal with the security doubts of Hong Kong people? This is what you promised to me last year. "
However, in response, Cleverly only said that it had confirmed to the Chinese government that the "Chinese Overseas Police Department" in the UK has not operated again, and has not responded to the security issues of Hong Kong people.
 
Analysis: Hong Kong people's voice has not been able to control the British policy to China 
Huang Weiguo, a Hong Kong international relations scholar who moved to the UK, accepted an interview with this station, saying that it was not just the British Foreign Minister, but the US Secretary of State Brillings was about to visit China. He believes that although Britain and the United States are still tough in China such as technology, they do not want to be too hostile to China in their posture.
In this context, coupled with the influence of most British people who did not experience the infiltration of China, domestic public opinion failed to form sufficient pressure, so it was difficult for Hong Kong people to shake the British government's policies to China.
Huang Weiguo said: "Temporarily public opinion in the UK, Chinese issues and Chinese penetration are not the themes. It is difficult to rely on the voice of Hong Kong people to influence the British government. Although the number of Hong Kong people who come to the UK is a lot, they have been in the past few years. , Still not becoming an important voice, enough to affect the British government's foreign policy, and even attitude towards China. We must also admit that there is such an objective limit. "
He believes that in the British and Hong Kong people's organizations and initiatives, or adjustable strategies, and use the new crown epidemic, to explain the influence of the Chinese regime on the people of the world on the people of the world, it is expected to break through the British public opinion environment.
Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Responsible Editor: Jiayuan.com editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/al-06142023124117.html 
The CCP played the United Front & Quot; Straits Forum & Quot; more than 5,000 people in Taiwan were invited 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-14T15:35:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T21:13:36-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Taiwan MAC has emphasized that the government banned central government officials from participating in the Straits Forum and was not happy to see local governments to send members to attend the meeting. The picture shows Zhan Zhihong, deputy chairman and spokesman of the MAC. Reporter Xia Xiaohua Photo/RFA Information is the 15th Strait Forum on the 16th. The forum conference is scheduled to be held in Xiamen, Fujian, China on the morning of the 17th. More than 5,000 people from all walks of life in Taiwan are invited. China State Council spokesman Zhu Fenglian explained at a regular press conference on the 14th that the preparations of the Strait Forum said that the forum invited more than 5,000 people from all walks of life such as the Kuomintang, the New Party, the People's Democratic Party, and the Unity of the None of the Party. Xia Liyan, the vice chairman of the Kuomintang, will lead the group to attend. The Taiwan Administration of the Executive Yuan of the Taiwan Executive Yuan issued a statement on Friday (9th), accusing the Straits Forum of the Strait Forum as an important part of the Taiwan United Front Platform hosted by the Communist Party of China. Through the event, "draw and differentiate Taiwan", it will also propagate the results of the operation of traditional warfare and criticize the harm of damage. Taiwan society. The MAC also emphasized that the government banned the central government officials from participating in the Straits Forum, and was not happy to see local governments to send members to attend the meeting. According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, the Kuomintang Chairman Zhu Lilun said on the 14th that he hopes that through participating in the Straits Forum, you can let the two sides understand each other, resolve misunderstandings, and create a win -win situation. red. The Straits Forum is co -sponsored by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the Fujian Provincial Party Committee and Provincial Government of the Communist Party of China, and some civilian groups in Taiwan. It is a civil exchange platform on both sides of the Taiwan Strait. Generally, the Communist Party of China is attended by the Chairman of the CPPCC National Committee and delivered a speech, while the Taiwan side was led by the Chinese Kuomintang and the New Party. The DPP explicitly stipulates that the party's public office is not allowed to participate in the Straits Forum. Editor -in -chief: Kaidi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-06142023153146.html 
The same frame of Czech President Pavil in the same frame as Wu Zhaozheng called for unity of various countries 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-14T15:39:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T09:27:32-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On Wednesday at the annual safety summit hosted by the EUROPEAN VALUES Center for SecurityPolicy, Czech President Pavili gave a speech. At that time, Wu Zhaozheng was sitting on the stage. TAIWAN MINISTRY of Foreign Affairs VIA AP Czech President Petrpavel Petrpavel on the 14th with the visited Taiwan Foreign Minister Wu Zhaozheng on the 14th, and urged countries to unite to support Taiwan, commit to maintaining and supporting Taiwan's democracy. Essence Wu Zhaozheng said that Pavil's support was a great encouragement for Taiwanese. According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, at the annual safety summit hosted by the European Think Tank's "European Values Center for SecurityPolicy" on Wednesday, the Czech President President Paeville delivered a speech. At that time, Wu Zhaozheng was sitting on the stage. Wu Zhaozheng also delivered a speech followed. This is also the first time that the European non -diplomatic leaders and Taiwan ’s foreign minister at the public venue contract.
 
Editor -in -chief: Kaidi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-06142023153839.html 
"Asia Pacific Report" June 14, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-14T18:52:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T14:27:53-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Free Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/yp 061420231448.html/@@stream The main content of this show:
1 . The United States and China confirmed that Brinton will visit China on June 18 and 19
2 . Inner Mongolia herdsmen prevented the grass field from being sold, and one person was injured by a soil machine to send it to the doctor
3 . 709 Case lawyers continued to be suppressed, and the family of three Li Heping was controlled by the side in Chengdu.
4 . Police obtained the chat history through ID cards, and the big database master the national information
5 . Chinese -funded online shopping platforms violate US law and steal Xinjiang products to the United States
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-06142023141448.html 
From dancing with the times to Huang Zhong destroy abandonment ｜ The fear and love of Chinese private entrepreneurs (1) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-14T19:22:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T15:09:33-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Free Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/ytbdzhuantixilie/minying/wy-06142023142320.html/@stream The outside world often summarizes the importance of private enterprises in the Chinese economy with several numbers of "56789". 5 of which refers to private enterprises to contribute 50%of China's taxes, and 9 refers to 90%of the new employment. But at the end of last year, after China ended the epidemic sealing and entered the channel of economic recovery, the confidence of private enterprises has not been effectively recovered, and it has even dragged down the overall performance of China's economy. This reporter Wang Yuncai wrote three series of reports to reveal the dilemma of China's private economy with the experience of many private entrepreneurs. The following is the first episode of the series report.
In order to boost the economic Chinese government to fight private capital abacus * Chinese official media said that Xi Jinping asked private enterprises to eat Dingxin Pills Sun Dawu is still in prison 
Tianya meet 
For the first time, Hu Li Ren saw Meng Jun in Miami, USA in April this year.
"When eating at night, I feel that he is very sluggish. I asked him, hello. When I met for the first time, I talked about it." Hu Liren recalled the impression when he first met Meng Jun. The two because of their common friends because of their common friends acquaintance.
Hu and Meng originally worked as companies in the country, but Meng Jun closed the company at the end of 2021 and arrived in the United States in April last year. "I have worked hard for so many years, and now I can't go back to what I do ... ... My whole state is not very good this year," Meng Jun recalled this Hu Li's situation.
Hu Li Ren closed the company earlier than Meng Jun, came to the United States at the end of 2018, and settled in the Wellida seaside.
In April, in April, according to the data of the National Bureau of Statistics, the profit of industrial enterprises above designated size (referring to the annual income of 20 million yuan in the main business) had fallen for four consecutive months, of which private industrial enterprises from January to April The profit dropped by 22%. At the same time, private investment has also slowed down month by quarter.
Two Chinese private entrepreneurs in the trapped meet at the beach of Florida, perhaps accidental. But under the tide of economic and social changes, their meeting seemed to be trapped by the times.
Different starting points of the same era 
For many years, Hu Li Ren and Meng Jun have actually been the beneficiaries of China's economy. But at first, they were all people who were thrown out by the "system".
Meng Jun was from Jilin, Northeast, and his parents laid off as early as the late 1980s. In order to alleviate the burden on the family, in 1989, Meng Jun graduated from high school and went out to work.
Meng Jun in 1992 in Beijing (provided by Meng Jun) Hu Li Ren was born in an intellectual family. He finished his junior college in the mid -1980s and graduated from a research institute mainly in Shanghai. However, in 1991, the Institute was abolished, and Hu Li entered a foreign -funded enterprise.
Hu Li Ren in college (provided by Hu Li Ren)![] ](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/ytbdzhuantixilie/minying/wy-06142023142320.html/wy31.jpg)In the early 1990s, after the dark moment of the June 4th massacre in 1989, China began to improve relations with Western. The Chinese government also put forward the goal of establishing a socialist market economy system. China's economic development began to move towards a new step. On the stairs of climbing fate, Meng Jun and Hu Li began to touch their own direction.
Meng Jun has done many different jobs from the northeast to Hainan. "This was a stage by 1993 to 2000. I went to the seafood restaurant and made a charter. Then doing border trade, I was also familiar with Vietnam. In fact, it was smuggling. "Meng Jun received his first bucket of gold through entrepreneurship. He estimated that he earned a total of nearly 5 million yuan.
Hu Li Ren entered the Internet industry in China in 1997. "At that time, Li Ka -shing's company set up a" Meiya Online "in Shanghai. At that time, the annual income was 40,000 to 500,000 yuan. "
It was a glorious era. China's GDP (GDP) accounted for more than 2%in the world in 1994 and rose all the way. The private economy has also developed more vigorously. The number of private enterprises across the country has grown from 0 in 1978 (only individual industrial and commercial households at the time, no private enterprises) to 1.76 million households in 2000.
The smile of the times was written on the face and heart of Hu Li Ren and Meng Jun. "I think it's good. I am prosperous. As long as you work hard and can fight, you will make money; at that time, you can do anything smoothly, what you do, and what you do to make money," Meng Jun sighed.
The trick of making money In 2000, Meng Jun obtained the opportunity to deal with a rotten tail building less than 4,000 square meters in Beihai City, Guangxi. "I will make a million yuan in less than half a year. I just pack it, probably sell it, and sell it. "He admitted that the key to the entire project was the internal box operation of the government. Through fake bidding, Meng Jun's company started at a low price (rotten tail building), Later, Meng Jun gave the government in charge of 200,000 yuan.
Meng Jun in 2001 in the rotten tail building (provided by Meng Jun) ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-14T19-22-00-04-00/000007.png) When Meng Jun was doing charter business in Hainan before, he knew that he could get a lot of benefits through dredging the relationship with government practical figures. But this time in Beihai, he still opened his eyes. "Those officials are not like this, and they are so brave. You know, there are too many rotten tail buildings at that time. Because they must pass their hands. "
For this reason, Meng Jun summarized the trick of doing business in China. "Knowing officials, cooperating with government officials, and doing business with their relatives. Only when you know them, can you divide the money and make this money earn more. It's easy. "
This rotten tail project in Beihai is an important starting point for Meng Jun to establish his own business territory in Guangxi. "When in Nanning, I met higher -level officials, including vice chairman and secretary general of the Autonomous Region CPPCC. In the future, I will start to do some other things, including contracting projects, because there are relationships, you can do some, such as repairing highways, etc. "."
Entrepreneurship instructor 
Hu Li Ren has not started to start a business at the same time, but he has been walking at the forefront of China's industrial development. After the World Internet Bubbles were crushed in 2001, Hu Li left the Internet company and entered the investment banking industry that was in the development period.
In 2000, Hu Li took a photo with the team when he served as the CEO of the Internet company (provided by Hu Li Ren) At that time, the Zhengdai Asset Management Co., Ltd., which is headquartered in Hong Kong, found Hu Liren at the time. "This fund company comes to me. They need to find a partner in China, and they know that I am more familiar with investment and finance, and they are more familiar with the project. I have operated the project before, so I started to do investment business. "Hu Li Ren has entered the investment bank in 2002, and left the industry until the outbreak of the sub -loan crisis in 2008.
During this period, he took the team for industrial research and had a deeper observation of the overall situation of China's politics and economy. The economy is good as a whole. At that time, real estate began, and foreign trade developed rapidly. "
At that stage, Hu Liren was also very satisfied with himself. "I was in all aspects of my aspects in China, and my ability was stronger than others, and had certain advantages. Starting in the late 1990s, my income was almost the same as that of foreign (white -collar workers). of."
Because of the rich experience in the Internet industry and investment banks, Hu Li Ren was invited to give lectures in various places. "I helped the Shanghai Science and Technology Commission, the Chinese Ministry of Science and Technology, and Fudan University. "Entrepreneurship instructor", Hu Li Ren always emphasized that China's large market is full of opportunities. "China's capital market has gradually become active. It turned out that the Chinese stock market did not have any technology entrepreneurial boards. Later, it was gradually established. Board and so on. "
Dance with the times 
Looking back now, Hu Li Ren and Meng Jun's life began to take off, which is also the window period for China's economic development. After China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, the total number of foreign trade has increased, and the GDP (GDP) has also increased at the fastest speed since the reform and opening up. In particular, the liberalization of foreign trade operations has made Chinese private enterprises enter a large number of international trade markets and released the ability to export Chinese goods.
Meng Jun's basic market is in Guangxi. Since 2004, the China-ASEAN Expo jointly settled in Nanning, which was jointly organized by China and Southeast Asian countries. At the 2012 expo, Meng Jun found the opportunity to "go to the sea" and began to engage in the manufacturing and export of rubber products. "At that time, the Thai delegation came over, did the ASEAN Expo not have economic and trade negotiations? When you talk about it, you can get a factory when you mention it, and it started from that time. "
Meng Jun in 2010 in Hong Kong (provided by Meng Jun) The factory established by Meng Jun is mainly to import rubber raw materials from Southeast Asian countries, produce daily products such as rubber pillows, and export to Vietnam, Thailand and other countries. For security considerations, Meng Jun was unwilling to disclose the company's name. In the first few years of the factory, the profit margin could reach 40-50%.
During this period, Hu Li was in Shanghai. His work at the investment bank smoothly, in his own words, he made a lot of money. At the same time, he began to get involved in the investment of private enterprises with greater steps.But in 2009, Hu Liren changed his identity and became a real private entrepreneur. That year, Hu Li Ren and his friends jointly invested in the establishment of a company that developed new energy technology ("Shanghai Aiheng New Energy Technology Co., Ltd."). Hu Li Ren accounted for 51%of the shares. Essence Speaking of the original intention of starting a business, Hu Liren said, "I have been working for so many years, and I always want to leave something in this world. I want to contribute to humans. I really have this ideal. , Go to research and develop, I am not so rich. "
Hu Li Ren was in the business period (Hu Li Ren provided) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-14T19-22-00-04-00/000013.png) Unknown 2018 
In the year when Meng Jun set up a rubber factory and Hu Li's investment in developing new energy technology products, the Chinese economy is still developing rapidly, but the dilemma faced by private enterprises has become increasingly obvious.
It is impossible to obtain a fair competition with state -owned enterprises. The tax is too heavy, the cost of labor and raw materials has continued to rise, and it is difficult to obtain a loan required for the development of enterprise development, and the changes in the international business environment. It is getting more and more difficult to do business. According to Reuters, the average profit margin of Chinese private enterprises was only 1.44%in 2011. Huang Mengfu, chairman of the National Federation of Industry and Commerce, said in an interview with the media at the time that he learned that there was a trend among private entrepreneurs who did not want to do industry.
After Meng Jun's rubber product factory has experienced the prosperity in the first few years, the profit margin has begun to decline. Because the raw materials are with them. It is many domestic people who run to Vietnam and Thailand to build factories. The local labor force is cheap. In 2018, a group of people have gradually gone out and transported the equipment. "
The overall situation of Meng Jun's company in 2018 is not bad. From 2016 to 2019, the rubber factory is still at its peak. The total output value of Mengjun distributed in three companies in Guangxi, Chongqing, and Beijing is close to 300 million yuan per year.
Meng Jun's rubber product factory (provided by Meng Jun) However, in many aspects of 2018, China has brewed changes in the far -reaching impact in the future. In March, the National People's Congress passed the amendment of the Constitution, canceled the term system of the President of the State, and paved the way for Xi Jinping's re -election of the third Chinese highest leader.
At the same time, the media frequently flashed the unknown signal for private enterprises. In January 2018, Zhou Xincheng, a professor of Marxism -Leninity at Renmin University of China, published an article on the theoretical publication of the Communist Party, saying that he should eliminate private ownership. In September, the blogger Wu Xiaoping wrote an article saying that the private economy has completed the historical mission of achieving economic development and should gradually exit.
These claims were once passed on the Internet as a joke, and they were also tarted by all parties. However, at a economic forum in September in September, Wu Jinglian, an older generation of Chinese marketing economists, said that Liu He, deputy prime minister of the State Council of the State Council in charge of the economy, said that there are now some "unaccompanied voices" to discuss private enterprises.
Meng Jun got a more clear "hint" during the Spring Festival of 2019, which was turned over the New Year. He didn't realize what would happen, and his own company seemed to have not been affected.
But in 2018, Hu Liren's enterprise suffered a devastating blow, and this blow was a disease from the Chinese economic and political system.
"We will catch you again if you come again" 
The new energy central air conditioner led by Hu Li Ren won the second prize of the Shanghai Invention Contest in 2014. In that year, he registered another company "Shanghai Gu Ren Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd.". That's it. We have doubled each year and increased. In 16 years, we are about 6 million output value. We reached about 12 million in 17 years. In 18 years, we expected to achieve at least 20 million. "Hu Li Ren and his partner estimated at the time that he could recover all 10 million investment in three years.
Hu Li Ren led a large factory energy -saving central air -saving central air -conditioning ending (provided by Hu Li Ren) However, the second year of industrialization, in June 2017, the energy -saving air conditioner installed by Huli Ren Company's listed company Amaton Co., Ltd. in Changzhou had a water leakage problem. After the testing and confirmation of the National Architectural Materials Testing Center of China, the PE (polyethylene) pipe purchased by Taobao from Linyi City, Shandong Linyi City is a pseudo -shoddy product.
Yahong Management refused to admit that they provided fake and shoddy products. Although the Linyi Municipal Government where this company was located sent the staff of the Market Supervision Bureau to the project site for investigation, they finally concluded to Hu Liren beyond his imagination. "I am Go to Shandong, the leaders of the Shandong government told me that we are fraud here, and many companies are fraudulent. He said that we cannot suppress their companies. If we suppress them, the local tax here is gone. Can't develop anymore. "Hu Liren's company has done similar projects in Yuhang District, Hangzhou, and has the same problem. The Hangzhou Administration for Industry and Commerce made a clear conclusion on this, determined that Yahong Management Industry sold unsatisfactory fake and shoddy goods, and in April 2018, it was transferred to the Hangzhou Public Security Bureau's Yuhang Branch of the Hangzhou Public Security Bureau. But four months later, the Yuhang Public Security Brigade, who was in charge of the case, verbally notified Hu Li Ren, and the case was revoked. "He said that Taobao was fraudulent, and the people of the country knew that if they helped me check this case, I couldn't find it for 24 hours because they could not find it for 24 hours because they could not find it for 24 hours. Taobao's fraud is too large, so they can't check this case. "
Hangzhou Public Security Bureau's Criminal File Notification of Criminal Pilotting C case (Hu Li Ren provided) Knowing that the situation is impossible, Hu Li Ren decided to stop all projects and recovery efforts to completely withdraw from the market. On the day after receiving the notice of the withdrawal of the Yuhang Public Security Bureau, Hu Li Ren bought a ticket from the United States. After more than ten days, he did a good job of closing the company's aftermath. He boarded the plane and left China on September 12.
After Hu Li took office, the overall loss of the enterprise was counted: "(the problem) has a total of four projects, about 6 million yuan, but after I have a problem, I still have orders. My tens of millions of orders are gone."
Hu Li's encounter is not alone. False fakes have long plagued the Chinese economy. The Chinese government has been claiming to be strictly reorganized for many years, but because of the rule of law and the prevalence of local protectionism, governance measures do not seem to have a significant effect. The "Evaluation of Fake and Piracy Piper in 2022" released by the US Trade Representative Office in January this year pointed out that China is still the number one source of counterfeit products in the world.
I have supported it for two years 
Just as Hu Li Ren left China, Meng Jun's rubber company orders were still rising. But what he didn't expect was that just a year and a half later, his own 100 million yuan enterprise will sink with the new crown epidemic.
At the beginning of the new crown epidemic in 2020, Meng Jun did not particularly worry about business. "You know when the SARS (Coronary Virus epidemic) in 2003 was over, so three months ended, so I simply thought that it might be again that it may be again again. A SARS, there were a lot of orders in my hands. At the end of January 2020, the city began to be closed nationwide. In fact, it has gradually begun to unblock before May 1. "
In order to cope with the order in his hand, Meng Jun also planned to last a production line in May and imported a large amount of raw materials. However, it was only one month after construction, and soon received the order of Fengcheng. The factory was forced to stop work. "The full calculation in the second half of 2020, I started starting for less than 90 days, that is, from May to the end of the year."
In this case, it is difficult to complete the order. After turning over the New Year, the situation did not improve in 2021, and the epidemic control caused the factory to stop and stop. In order to control the cost, Meng Jun had to reduce staff again and again. Before the National Day, there were less than 50 employees who had about 150 people. At the time of time, there was no play, and their employees could see it. "
By mid -October, Meng Jun, who had worked hard for nearly two years, could not see hope, and decided to close the company. Meng Jun told reporters that during the two years, his enterprise did not receive a penny subsidy, no subsidy, no benefits, and all the losses were the company's own responsibility. He calculated the losses during the two years of closed control. More than 10 million losses are still unbearable for companies with an annual output value of Meng Jun.
Meng Jun's failure is only a microcosm during the epidemic. His industrial park closed 90%of companies during the epidemic control, including many companies such as packaging and wood. The number of companies that are closed due to the control of the epidemic is still difficult to obtain from an open channel. However, the data obtained by Hong Kong's "South China Morning Post" in early April 2020 showed that 460,000 companies closed down in the first quarter of China in the first quarter of that year, including companies that were canceled in operating licenses and companies that were announced by themselves.
Huang Zhong destroyed 
Both Hu Li Ren and Meng Jun acknowledged that when they closed the company, there was no way, but they were unwilling to support it again.
For Hu Li Ren, the most important thing is not the loss of money, but to be completely disappointed with the government. He still clearly remembers that when he went to Shandong to say something, the local officials intimidated him. "He told me very clearly, you can go to any place to tell me, even if you sue; he also threatened me, don't come again, don’t come again If you come again, we will catch you. "
Since the patent is still in his hands, after Hu Li Ren left China, many companies called him to invite him to do projects, but he refused. "I would rather abolish these patents, and they were unwilling to contribute any more to this country any more. Technology, "Hu Li Ren said. He has completely awakened." I don't want to serve such a dark society, dark regime, and dark countries. It is meaningless. I think this country is over. "
Hu Li Ren in the United States (Hu Li Ren provided) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-14T19-22-00-04-00/000023.png) Meng Jun said that in closing the company's decision, the impact of the epidemic was just overwhelming the last straw of the camel.
Almost synchronized with the epidemic, the Chinese government has adopted several major management and control operations on private enterprises since 2020. The launch plan of Ant Technology Group was suspended; Didi was executed for network security review; The industry also collapsed because of a paper order. These things were seen by Meng Jun, and he was more and more deeply appreciated by the hints given to him before the officials of the officialdom, "I feel like a large company as big as them has poured, and small and medium -sized enterprises like me must definitely be sure Well. "Not only that, during the epidemic period, the 86 -year -old father -in -law of Meng Jun suffered from cancer. He could not get timely treatment and died early at the end of 2021. Meng Jun, who is trapped at home, can only understand the truth of the epidemic through the wall through the wall. "This is not an epidemic, and the world is open. Only China is not the case. At that time It doesn't matter, this is a exercise. When is this sport? Although I have not experienced the Cultural Revolution, I also imagine what will happen because I understand history. "Meng Jun began to worry that he had been worried for so many years for so many years. Will the accumulated wealth be liquidated?
Fortunately, I left 
Now, Meng Jun and Hu Li Ren are a little fortunate that they will be drawn in time. Hu Liren left China in September 2018, and Meng Jun ran away in the United States in April 2022. They said in unison that if they were stubborn at the time, they would not have good results.
Meng Jun in the United States (provided by Meng Jun) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-14T19-22-00-04-00/000025.png) "Now after I leave, the entire industry is vacant, no one has done it, and no one will do it now. My technology is mainly for manufacturing enterprises. Now the manufacturing industry is finished." Hu Liren described his industry in this way. status quo.
In 2022, China was under control, and industrial enterprises were full of grief. After abandoning the clearing policy at the end of the year, many outside voices thought that China would have a retaliated economic rebound in 2023, but the actual economic data disappointed all circles.
In order to boost the economy, the Chinese government has taken a variety of measures. In the first quarter of 2023, the growth rate of China's broad currency investment M2 continuously maintained a high level of more than two -digit number. Some commented that the central bank had printed money to release water and letting water crazy. Chinese officials also made heavy bombs at the small conference, saying that private entrepreneurs were their own, and released some policies to help private enterprises. But the reality is that the key index that reflects the status of the manufacturing industry "industrial producer out of the factory price index(PPI)"Since the end of 2022, it has fallen eight consecutive months, and has fallen 4.6%year -on -year in May, the largest decline in seven years. Many people exclaimed that the Chinese economy has entered a shrinkage.
Our fear and love 
Both Hu Li Ren and Meng Jun were the tide in the tide of China's reform and opening up. Both of them also understand or use China's government -business relationships, and sometimes even selectively ignore this relationship that the relationship may be harmful to society.
However, in the changes in China's political and society in recent years, both private entrepreneurs have been severely damaged, forced to change their original intention and life plan, and start to amend their past understanding of China.
Meng Jun said, "After the epidemic, I started to reflect and keep looking at. The real problem was the problem of this system, which was the evil of this group; if you did it again, you would like to go in And you are a bribeer, you have to be implicated. So saying that this is a life -saving, no life. "
Hu Li Ren seems to be more pessimistic about China's prospects. "No one wants to leave his motherland, but there is no way. The country is like this, there is no chance to get better, it will only become worse and worse. I will come out for four years. I come out for four years. Time, do you think the country is getting worse and worse? There is no way, all of them have turned around, just like what I was conceived at the time. "He said, many of his friends in the country praised him, saying that he came out It's time.
Reporter: Wang Yun Editor: Shen Yan.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/ytbdzhuantixilie/minying/wy-06142023142320.html 
American legislators: Provide alternatives to regional countries to resist China's threat 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-14T21:33:33-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T21:33:33-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On June 14, 2023, the Indo -Pacific Working Group of the Natural Resources Committee of the House of Representatives of the Congress of the Congress held a hearing on strengthening the league with the Indo -Pacific countries to resist the threat of China. Video Screenshot/U.S. Congress
China's continuous expansion of economic, political, and military influence around the world has aroused strong concern in the United States. On Wednesday, a number of American legislators said that China is a threat to the United States directly, and the United States needs to establish a new foreign agenda to resist China's threats facing regional countries.
against China's influence, the United States plans to re -join UNESCO * Expert: The Communist Party of China has increased the interference of the world's democratic process to create a Chinese narrative 
The comprehensive security agreement signed with the Solomon Islands last year attracted strong concerns about the Indo -Pacific region headed by the United States. The United States believes that strengthening the alliance with the Indo -Pacific countries is vital to the regional threat to China. On June 14, the Indo -Pacific Working Group of the Natural Resources Committee of the House of Representatives of the Congress held a hearing.
The chairman of the committee, Bruce Westerman, opened bluntly that China was a threat to the United States.
"China tries to destroy our interests in the Pacific region, especially when it involves free union. We must find a way to fight against China's malicious influence and protect the interests of the United States in the region. We will face this threat and face China's aggression Can't watch it with sleeves. "He said:" The impact of fighting against China is a major challenge, because China often operates in a gray area. "
In 1986, the U.S. Congress approved the "Compaction of FreeAssociation (COFA" with the Pacific Island State Michigan and the Marshall Islands in 1994. provide assistance. The agreement especially allows the United States to adopt military operations in the agreement involved in the agreement, establish a military base, and expel military forces that have not been permitted by the United States. The agreement was originally planned to expire in 2024 and 2023.
These three Pacific island nations are also known as the "Frely Associated States (FAS). Because they are located on the second island chain, it is essential to maintaining the leadership of the United States in the Indo -Pacific region and has also attracted China.
The US Marine Corps retired Colonel Grant NewSham told the committee that the funds approved by the "Freedom Joint Agreement" supported the entire defense strategy of the United States in the West Pacific and East Asia.
"China is building a world -class army, but there is a problem." He warned: "The importance of controlling the South China Sea is not as good as that of the Chinese PLA breakthrough in the first island chain. Establishing a political leading position, it will break through the first island chain. China will defeat the US's first island chain defense from behind, so the existing regional strategy in the United States will be fragmented. "
The United States signed a memorandum of understanding with the Marshall Islands in January this year and signed the final agreement with the Federal Federation of Mikonisia and Palau in May. The United States plans to provide about $ 6.5 billion in economic assistance to the Three Kingdoms in the next stage, but the final agreement has not yet been approved by the US Congress.
In 1986, the United States Chief Negotiation Representative and Retired Army Colonel Albert V.Short told the committee that although the agreement was awarded the US defense rights, the United States had never abused this power in 40 years. He pointed out that China's continuous impact in the region has increased the possibility of the United States to use this power.
"As China's influence continues to increase, we cannot predict or exclude the power in the future." He said: "When you look at this agreement, it is a very successful story, but a high priority of China It is the authority that fundamentally disrupted and destroyed in the contract. "
Schott urges Congress to set a correction route for the relationship between the United States and the Freedom Federal State and the region as soon as possible through the approval of the relevant agreement.
The US chief negotiator, Albert V.short, a retired Colonel, called on the hearing to set up a correction route for Congress to pass the approval of related agreements as soon as possible to the relationship between the United States and the Freedom Federal State and the region. (Video screenshot/US Congress) Thomaslum, an expert on Asian Affairs of the US Congress Research Office, pointed out that data shows that China's economic influence in the region has been expanding rapidly in the region in recent years, especially the Marshall Islands facing Chinese sanctions because of the establishment of diplomatic relations with Taiwan.
Cleopaskal, a senior researcher at the Democratic Foundation, said that it is also important not only to prevent China's malicious impact in the region, it is also important to establish a joint blockade and construction strategy of island countries.
She pointed out that China not only tried to shake the political situation of the Marshall Islands, but also stabilized Pahu through the tourism economy. Therefore, she emphasized that supporting the establishment of their own national security committee and blocking construction tools owned by other places will help contracts and prevent China's political competition in the region. Laure the foundation for truly long -lasting, tough India -Pacific regions.
The United States actively builds the second island chain defense deployment. The Ministry of National Defense has previously established a missile defense test site in the Marshall Islands. In the construction of Palau's military radar system, the Micronesia Federation has also approved the establishment of permanent military existence in the United States in the United States.
On the same day, Gregory W.meeks, a senior member of the US House of Foreign Affairs and Democratic Representatives, also emphasized at another hearing of the "Belt and Road" countries against the Chinese economic coercion "Belt and Road". The United States needs a diplomatic agenda. Provide alternatives for the majority of countries to get rid of China's economic coercion and political influence.Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: 纬 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/jw-06142023140029.html 
What kind of modern corporate system do we need? (Free version) 
Authors: ['郑志刚']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T22:04:46+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-13T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T09:47:99+08:00
Description: Zheng Zhigang: The establishment of the establishment of a modern enterprise system requires the basic question of answering how the enterprise should effectively organize and operate to achieve the purpose of modernization of human society.
Images: []
Themes: ['专栏', '公司治理', '关注']
Keywords: ['公司治理', '现代企业制度', '国企混改']
Type: Article
As the reform of state -owned enterprises entered the deep water area, an important theoretical and practical issues are on an important agenda. This is what a modern enterprise system should our state -owned enterprise be established.
The discussion of the modern enterprise system is naturally inseparable from the attributive of modifying the corporate system, the concept of "modernization" or "modernity". The British Industrial Revolution in the 19th century was undoubtedly a typical example of modernization. In my opinion, the so -called "modernization" or "modernity" refers to the qualitative change in the following aspects of human society's life compared Modern civilization with equality and progress in rich and feet. First, steam power invented by Newcastle, Watt, Bolton and other inventions instead of manpower and animal power, human beings are gradually liberated from the heavy physical labor of "faces facing the loess, back to the sky". One of them; second, human living space has expanded from the "Shili and Eight Township" that walks one day to and from to the end of the world, and even immigrate to Mars in the future; the third is the concept of continuous redefining luxury goods. In the early days of the British Industrial Revolution, the people generally believed that luxury goods such as luxury goods and coffee had already left luxury goods. Now, for many people, they may be clear or unclear for many people. In the words of Adam Smith, the accumulation of national wealth ((promoted by the industrial revolution) can make ordinary workers live a better life than the prince of Africa in the Neolithic Africa. "
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099962 
Shanxi Finance: How to transform coal "rich" provinces and residents, how to transform 
Authors: ['罗志恒']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T22:05:03+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-11T22:26:99+08:00
Description: Luo Zhiheng et al.: The key to the transformation of Shanxi is to break the "resource curse" of coal. To cultivate strategic emerging industries, implement skills to enrich the people, promote the energy revolution, and promote the reform of the financial system below the province.
Images: [" 000129210_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['山西', '财税中国', '中国经济', '财政']
Type: Article
 Shanxi is one of the birthplaces of the Chinese civilization. The humanities are deep and the natural scenery is beautiful. The revolutionary sites such as the Eighth Route Army headquarters are all over the province. The tourism resources are extremely rich and have the reputation of the "Watching Mountains and Rivers". As a large province for resource development, Shanxi Coal reserves accounted for 17.3%of the country, ranking third in the country, and the output of coal (raw coal) ranked first in the country, protecting coal for 16 provinces, autonomous regions and cities across the country. After the two rounds of coal markets from 2012 to 2016 and 2019-2020, the Shanxi economy has picked up in recent years. In 2022, the province's GDP reached 2.56 trillion yuan, and the per capita GDP was 73,700 yuan. It has made great progress compared to the "Thirteenth Five -Year Plan" period.
Due to the industrial structure of "one coal unique", Shanxi has benefited from a large amount of fiscal revenue caused by coal mining, but also faces challenges such as insufficient added value of traditional industries, low residents' overall income, and slow development of high -tech industries. In general, Shanxi Finance has the distinctive characteristics of "two highs and six lows": the scale of resource tax and the contribution of the mining industry, the dual low of individual taxes and the dual low income of residents, the financial contribution to the central government and the central subsidy of the central government, the scale of debt and debt, and debt The risk is low.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099927 
The United States quietly promotes diplomatic contact with Iran to alleviate tension (Free Version) 
Author: Laurence Norman / David S. Cloud
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-14T22:23:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T22:23:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-14T22:23:00.000Z
Description: People familiar with the matter said that the US Biden government has quietly restarted negotiations with Iran in order to fight for the release of American prisoners detained in Tehran and curb the nuclear plan for Iran's continuous development.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
People familiar with the matter said that the United States Biden(Joe bids)The government has quietly restarted negotiations with Iran to fight for the release of U.S. prisoners detained in Tehran and curb Iran's continuous development nuclear plans.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E6%82%84%E7%84%B6%E6%8E%A8%E5%8A%A8%E4%B8%8E%E4%BC%8A%E6%9C%97%E7%9A%84%E5%A4%96%E4%BA%A4%E6%8E%A5%E8%A7%A6%E4%BB%A5%E7%BC%93%E5%92%8C%E7%B4%A7%E5%BC%A0%E5%85%B3%E7%B3%BB-95d50352 
How will EU legislators tame ChatGPTs? (Free version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T22:45:57+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T18:45:99+08:00
Description: Zhang Dongfang: This is a world that is increasingly true and false under the blessing of artificial intelligence. The European Union is known for its leading digital supervision of other countries and regions, but it can no longer keep up with the pace of artificial intelligence development.
Images: [" 000183746_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '人工智能', '关注']
Keywords: ['人工智能', 'ChatGPT']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Some time ago, US President Biden Gangang announced that he would run for the president again, and the Republican National Committee immediately released a political short film. The short film shows the tragic scene of the United States under the re -election of Biden. The image is realistic and full of emotions. In fact, the video is generated by artificial intelligence. Some people say that artificial intelligence has since entered the field of political propaganda. Prior to this, the pictures generated by artificial intelligence such as the police capture Trump and the Roman bishop dressed in fashion down jackets had been spread virusly on the Internet.
Even the traditional mass media played artificial intelligence. A German magazine publishes a large photo of Schumacher, who has retired F1 racers and withdrawn from the public sight after skiing, is accompanied by the title of "first interview" and "global sensation". The smaller "it sounds like is true" vague wording. In fact, the magazine published an interview generated by artificial intelligence. Although the internal page of the magazine explained that interviews are related to artificial intelligence, the scandal eventually ended with the editor -in -chief walking, apologizing to the Shuma family, and weakening the credibility of the media.
This is a world that is increasingly true and false under the blessing of artificial intelligence. The European Union is known for its leading digital supervision of other countries and regions, but it can no longer keep up with the pace of artificial intelligence development.
The EU's Artificial IntelligenceAct (hereinafter referred to as "AIA") is in the process of legislation, but the supervisor can not wait for the law to finally take effect. On June 5th, Vice Chairman of the European Commission and the EU internal market commissioner and the "Code of Anti -Fake Information Behavior", including the meeting of technology companies, including Google and Microsoft, requested the integration of generation artificial intelligence into their own application products Enterprises to establish necessary guarantee measures to prevent the services provided from being used to create false content and in -depth falsification, and provide technologies that can identify these contents to mark them.
The development of artificial intelligence is beyond human imagination. Since 2020, OpenAI has released GPT-3, Dall-E, ChatGPT and GPT-4. Microsoft released the new version of the Bing search engine and Edge browser that integrates AI this year, while Google launched the competing ChatGPT to compete with ChatGPT Chat robot Bard. The popularity of ChatGPT disrupted the rhythm of EU artificial intelligence legislators.
Two years ago, the European Commission announced the AIA draft, which was a law based on artificial intelligence risk rating. The draft divides different artificial intelligence into the four levels: lowest risk, low risk, high risk, and unacceptable risks. For example, the real -time remote biological characteristics recognition system of social credit scores and public spaces belongs to an unacceptable risk, which is located in the List for prohibition. The original version of AIA provided by the European Commission did not cover artificial intelligence similar to Dall-E and ChatGPT.
Some researchers have sounded the alarm, saying that the rapid development of powerful artificial intelligence, such as FoundationModels, may be declared the failure and outdated EU legislation. Basic models are based on huge data and are then applied to extensive tasks, equivalent to infrastructure of other applications. From the perspective of researchers, any shortcomings in basic models will continue to the subsequent models. Researchers at Stanford University released a research report on large-scale language models in 2021. Researchers entered an unfinished sentence such as "two Muslims" to GPT-3. Among the 100 sentences completed by GPT-3 All 66 times are violent behaviors, such as "two Muslims enter the Jewish Church with ax and bombs." The proportion of violence in the result is much higher than that of other religions such as Christianity and Buddhism. In other words, GPT-3 shows a strong prejudice that binds Muslims and violence together. Researchers believe that the basic model does not have a deep understanding of this world. They collect good, bad, and ugly everything on the Internet. The results they produce is not based on facts.
In addition, the uncertainty of use means the uncontrollable use, which means the irresistible risk brought by it. The EU AIA specifies some of the artificial intelligence of some specific purposes, and the basic model without specific purposes may be in the legal vacuum zone that is not subject to supervision. Some people suggest that the basic models are included in the "high risk" in the bill.
In the process of discussing the draft, the EU Council introduced the concept of the General Purposeai of the purpose into the text, which refers to artificial intelligence that does not have specific purposes and can be used for multiple purposes. The EU Council proposed in the revised version adopted in December last year that the requirements for high -risk artificial intelligence should also be applied to the universal purpose of integrating into a high -risk system. If the common purpose of the artificial intelligence system provider discovered or notified the abuse of the system in the market, the provider must take necessary and appropriate measures to prevent further abuse, especially the seriousness of abuse and risk. This is actually the provisions of the provider of monitoring obligations, similar to the Noticeand Action Mechanism in the Digital Service Law.
Compared with EU member states, the European Parliament is more inclined to add stricter clauses for generating artificial intelligence (General AI) in AIA.
The most worrying thing about European parliament is how to avoid generating artificial intelligence on the grounds that he claims that he has no specific purpose, thereby avoiding risk -based supervision. Generating artificial intelligence can be used for good aspects, or it can also be used for bad aspects. The unfairness may be that risk and responsibility are transferred to the lower reaches, that is, to users who use artificial intelligence for high -risk purposes. In view of the fact that users do not possess data, they may not be able to fulfill the obligations specified in AIA.
On the one hand, the European Parliament once appeared in the trend of unified generationing artificial intelligence into a high -risk system; on the other hand, the report released by Corporate EUROPEOBSERVATORY in February this year shows that companies including Google and OPENAI's largest investors have persistently lobbying EU policy makers have worked hard to promote artificial intelligence similar to ChatGPT outside supervision.The European Parliament is particularly vigilant for generating artificial intelligence. The European Parliament proposes the basic model for generating complicated text, pictures, sounds or videos for the production of complex text, pictures, sounds or videos. Basic rights, including freedom, announce the use of training data protected by copyright law. And these requirements must be penetrated on the entire artificial intelligence chain. In particular, the basic model provider assisted the providers of system providers to provide adequate guarantee measures.
Some researchers have pointed out that the assessment, reduction and management risks in the European Parliament still focus on the model itself, rather than specific applications. This will only cause risk assessment to become more difficult and to reduce the risk of assumptions. Some people have proposed that the focus of supervision should be placed on users who use the generated artificial intelligence to the high -risk applications. At the same time, another concern in the European Union also has another concern, and excessive supervision may stifle local development similar to the artificial intelligence system similar to ChatGPT.
On June 14, the European Parliament voted to pass the draft AIA negotiation authorization, which will then enter the three -party consultation stage. Controversy about generating artificial intelligence will continue.
_ (This article only represents the author's own point of view, responsible editor: Yanman man.yan@ftchinese.com)_
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099964 
Admiral, British, German and French discuss 
Authors: ['盖伊•查赞', '亨利•福伊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T22:50:12+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T18:48:99+08:00
Description: The four western powers are studying a framework document with Ukraine, allowing Ukraine to conclude bilateral agreements under the framework. This will replace the country's specific commitment to join NATO.
Images: [" 000183467_pic... "]
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['北约', '乌克兰战争', '新兴市场', '美国政府']
Type: Article
 The United States and its closest allies are seeking to reach a multilateral agreement with Ukraine so that Western powers can provide long -term security guarantees from Kiev. This will replace the country that is a war -torn country to join NATO(NATO)Specific promises.
Officials who want to anonymous anonymous due to the sensitivity of related negotiations say that the so -called four -nation alliance -the United States, Britain, Germany, and France -are studying and formulating a programming political declaration with Ukraine. They said that Ukraine will conclude a bilateral agreement under the framework of this program, which will officially formally level military and fiscal assistance at the current level, and build it on a longer -term basis, leaving room to expand when necessary.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099965 
Russia's restoration of North Korean oil exports (Free Version) 
Authors: ['克里斯蒂安•戴维斯']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T22:56:13+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T18:51:99+08:00
Description: With the deepening of Russia and North Korea, the United States warned that North Korea plans to transport more weapons to support Putin's war in Ukraine.
Images: [" 000184370_pic... "]
Themes: ['石油', '关注']
Keywords: ['石油', '朝鲜', '俄罗斯', '俄朝关系']
Type: Article
 United Nations(AND)Data show that Russia has restored oil exports to North Korea at the end of last year. At the same time, the increasingly deepening relationship between the two isolated regimes caused a warning of the United States, saying that the North Korean government is planning to transport more weapons to support Vladimir Putin(Vladimir Putin)War in Ukraine.
According to data released by the United Nations this week, Russia provided 67,300 barrels of refined oil to North Korea from December 2022 to April 2023, which was the first delivery since September 2020.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099966 
Germany released the first national security strategy, named Russia as "Free Version" 
Authors: ['盖伊•查赞', '劳拉•皮特尔']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-14T23:34:48+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T19:32:99+08:00
Description: The 76 -page document also claims that China has become increasingly competitors and opponents in recent years, but admits that without Chinese cooperation, "many global challenges and crises will not be resolved."
Images: [" 000171060_pic... "]
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '普京', '北约', '中国政府']
Type: Article
 Germany announced its first national security strategy in history, marking the efforts of the country's efforts to comprehensively adjust national defense and foreign policies in Russia after the war in Russia, and respond to a series of new threats (from network attacks to climate change).
The plan requires Germany to increase national defense expenditure to equivalent to the GDP(GDP)The level of 2%, although only this goal is required to achieve this goal on the basis of "many years". It will also make the German Federal Defense Force(armed forces)Positioning "the cornerstone of European Routine Defense".
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099967 
Sudan Civil War 2 months fighter fighter fighters constantly, the people have no peaceful day 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T-14:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T09:05:02+00:00
Description: (France-France-France-France-France-France-France-14th) Sudan's devastating war that was trapped by the hostile generals was about to expire for two months. The war between the two sides will not go out. Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Since April 15th, the government forces led by ABDEL FATTAH Al-Burhan and his former deputy, Mohamed Hamdandaglo, formed a quasi-military group "Quickly Support Force" (RSF). Khartom, the capital, is uniform under the war.
According to the latest data of the ARMed Conflict Location and Event DataProjects according to non -governmental organizations, the war spread quickly last month, especially the Darfur region in the West. This civil war has died at least 1,800 people.
Witnesses told AFP that the government forces hit the capital of North Kordofan, the capital of North Kordofan for the first time. After the war broke out, the province continued to be surrounded by rapid support forces.
The military also accused the troops of rapid support for the murderer of West Darfur, which was called "cruel act."
According to the "International Organization Formigration" of the United Nations, about 2.2 million people in Sudan escaped their homes, of which more than 1 million were escaped from Khamoum.
Ahmed Taha, a Camemame resident, told AFP that people who still stayed in Khamoum had no food, drinking water and drugs.
"We have nothing, and the whole country is completely destroyed. The bombs and bullets that are falling are all around, and the Sudan is the disaster area everywhere."
Another Katome resident, Soha Abdulrahman, said: "In the past two months, we suffer again because of this war." Political 1)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E8%8B%8F%E4%B8%B9%E5%86%85%E6%88%982%E4%B8%AA%E6%9C%88-%E6%88%98%E6%9C%BA%E7%82%B8%E4%B8%8D%E5%81%9C%E7%99%BE%E5%A7%93%E6%97%A0%E5%AE%81%E6%97%A5 
Australian Congress Explosive Scandal Female Members Crying and Trouined were not touched by colleagues. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T-17:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T08:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 15th) Lidia Thorpe, a member of the Australian Parliament, said allegations today saying that he had been sexually "violated" in Congress, saying that Congress architecture was not a "safe place" that could work for women to work. Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Lidia Thorpe, a non -party member, made a speech in tears in the Senate today, saying that he was "commented" by "powerful men", forced to the staircase, and was "touched and seeking joy."
Supu accused a senator "sexual assault" against her yesterday, and was forced to take back the remarks under the threat of Congress's sanctions.
Supu pointed out that "sexual assault" has different significance to different people and describes his personal experience in this Australian democratic furnace.
She said: "My experience is to be tracked, actively begged, and improperly touched."
She told the parliament members: "I'm afraid of walking out of the door of the office. I will open the door first to see if there is no one outside the door before going out."
She also said, "This incident has reached any time when I walk in this building, there must be someone who is accompanied by someone."
"I know that someone else has experienced similar things, but I don't think about going on for my career."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E6%BE%B3%E5%9B%BD%E4%BC%9A%E7%88%86%E6%80%A7%E4%B8%91%E9%97%BB-%E5%A5%B3%E8%AE%AE%E5%91%98%E5%93%AD%E8%AF%89%E9%81%AD%E5%90%8C%E5%83%9A%E4%B8%8D%E5%BD%93%E7%A2%B0%E8%A7%A6%E6%B1%82%E6%AC%A2 
The market focus turns to the European Central Bank's Japanese stocks slightly fall 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T-21:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T08:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 15th) After the Fed of Federation (FED) has maintained interest rates and a key interest rate of the People's Bank of China, the market focus has shifted to the European Central Bank, and the Tokyo stock market will end slightly today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Japanese stocks benchmark 225 index fell 16.93 points, or 0.05%, to 33485.49 points. Dongzheng's stock price index fell slightly by 0.56 points, or 0.02%, to 2293.97 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230615-%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E7%84%A6%E7%82%B9%E8%BD%AC%E5%90%91%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C-%E6%97%A5%E8%82%A1%E5%BE%AE%E8%B7%8C%E4%BD%9C%E6%94%B6 
Trump has been sued his wife Melaniania to show up 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T-25:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T07:05:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Washington, 14th) Former US President Trump has been forced to appear in court 2 degrees for a few weeks. Melania Trump (Melania ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Trump was sued by the Federal Federation for improper handling of government confidential documents after he stepped down.
Trump's team's team is composed of 6 Sports RVs (SUVs). It is full of a large number of accompanying personnel. His supporters also gathered, holding colorful flags and expressed unity.
However, she did not see the trace of Melania. She refused to accompany Sichuan Pu to the court, and even did not want to issue a support statement on the remote end, which shocked the people who observed Trump's movement.
Ohio University, a professor of history, said, "American is used to seeing politicians' wives and standing with her husband during the scandal of politicians ... so Melani is used ... so Melani is used to see a politician. Ya did not appear when her husband recently appeared publicly, and it was naturally noticeable. "
In April this year, when Trump appeared in the Manhattan court in New York, Melania did not appear. In this case, Trump was prosecuted to pay the sealing fee to the adult film actor "Stormydaniels" during the 2016 presidential election campaign.
After leaving the court, Trump returned to the Mar-A-Lago apartment in Florida. Essence
Trump tried to his family at the time, but only the word Melania, who had not been married for 18 years. The former "VOGUE" head of Milania's close friend of Milania, Stephanie Winstonwolkoff, was speculated that the marriage of the couple was actually a "transaction" in 2020. The recent development has made this statement very loud Essence
Melania's office did not respond to the comments request of Agence France -Presse. Winstun -Wokov told the American celebrity gossip media "Page Six", silent, the way of Milania to maintain dignity.
Winstun -Wokov said: "Melania is living in the ivory Tower ... she deliberately silent, this is her choice of weapons, and her protective armor."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E5%B7%9D%E6%99%AE%E6%8E%A5%E8%BF%9E%E9%81%AD%E8%B5%B7%E8%AF%89-%E5%A6%BB%E5%AD%90%E6%A2%85%E5%85%B0%E5%A6%AE%E4%BA%9A%E7%A5%9E%E9%9A%90%E4%B8%8D%E9%9C%B2%E9%9D%A2 
Ukraine: Shooting down the Russian army and 20 drones 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T-3:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:20:04+00:00
Description: (AFP 15, 15th) Kiev authorities said today that the Ukrainian army successfully intercepted 1 cruise missiles launched in the latest night attack of the Russian army and 20 drones carrying explosives.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that the Kiev authorities said that the other three missiles hit the "industrial facilities" of DNIPROPROPETROVSK in the Middle East of Ukraine.
Not long ago, the Kiev authorities issued a statement, Moscow's head of Crimea said that the Russian army shot down nine drones in Crimea, and the drone's attack did not cause any casualties.
Nevertheless, a drone was hit by a village at the center of the Crimean Peninsula to break the windows of several houses.
With the counterattack of Ukraine against the Russian army, Crimea's drone attack has increased in recent weeks. Moscow's annexed Crimea has not been recognized by the international community so far.
The Kiev authorities have repeatedly stated that since Moscow's full invasion in February 2022, it plans to return to the Crimean Peninsula as part of its efforts to recover territorial territories. (Translator: Lin Yifeng/Calculate: Yan Siqi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0-%E5%87%BB%E8%90%BD%E4%BF%84%E5%86%9B1%E6%9E%9A%E9%A3%9E%E5%BC%B920%E6%9E%B6%E6%97%A0%E4%BA%BA%E6%9C%BA 
European Central Bank raises interest rates at 8 degrees 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T-7:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T10:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France Frankford, 15th) Following the US Federal Preparatory Council (FED) yesterday decided that the main interest rate was temporarily motionless, the European Central Bank (ECB) will hold a decision -making meeting today. Analysts said that the European Central Bank expected to raise interest rates again and show that the battle against inflation has not ended.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Although European inflation has slowed down, it is still more than three times that of the European Central Bank's 2%goals. The European Central Bank will undoubtedly raise interest rates for the 8th in a row.
Capital Economics Economist Jack Allen-Reynolds said that the one-yard of interest rates seemed to be a foregone conclusion.
Investors will pay attention to whether the Central Bank President Christine Lagarde will reveal how much interest rates will rise, or whether it is about to suspend interest rate hikes.
After the Fed yesterday decided that after 10 consecutive degrees of interest rate hikes, interest rates temporarily remained motionless. However, the Feds also hinted that there may be further interest rates this year. The Federal Station has launched interest rate hikes earlier than the European Central Bank.
Since the European Central Bank launched interest rates in July last year, the cumulative increase has reached 3.75 percentage points.
If the European Central Bank decides to raise interest rates by 1 yard today, the deposit interest rate that the outside world will pay attention will reach 3.50%.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230615-%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E6%96%99%E8%BF%9E8%E5%BA%A6%E5%8D%87%E6%81%AF 
China's youth unemployment rate 20.8% hit a record high again 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T00:20:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:07:44-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China released May economic data, and the prosperity has not yet rebounded. Youth unemployment rate is even higher. Reuters information.
According to data released by the China Bureau of Statistics on the 15th, China ’s youth unemployment rate reached 20.8%in May, a record high record. In addition, the total retail sales of social consumer goods, the consumer price of residents across the country(CPI) and exports are declining.
Data pointed out that the unemployment rate of urban survey in China was 5.2%, which was the same as last month. However, the unemployment rate at the age of 16-24 was 20.8%, which was 0.4 percentage points more than last month. The unemployment rate was high.
The added value of industries above designated size in China increased by 3.5%year -on -year, but fell 2.1 percentage points from the previous month. In addition, the manufacturing procurement manager index was 48.8%, and the expected index of enterprise production and operation activities was 54.1%. The total import and export of goods in China was 3446 billion yuan, an increase of 0.5%year -on -year. Imports increased by 2.3%, exporting 1949.2 billion yuan, a decrease of 0.8%. The service industry also declined, and the national service industry's production index increased by 11.7%year -on -year, 1.8 percentage points fell 1.8 percentage.
In addition, the consumer price of residents across the country(CPI)Compared with the same period last year, it rose slightly by 0.2%, but decreased by 0.2%month -on -month. National industrial producers reflecting the changes in the cost of commodity production costs decreased by 4.6%year -on -year and a decrease of 0.9%month -on -month. The purchase price of industrial producers nationwide decreased by 5.3%year -on -year and a decrease of 1.1%month -on -month. From January to May, the national industrial producers' ex-factory prices and purchase prices decreased by 2.6%and 2.3%year-on-year.
China ’s real estate boom is still not improved. According to the Bureau of Statistics, the overall increase in the sales prices of newly -built commercial housing in 70 large and medium -sized cities fell from the previous month, and second -hand houses decreased from the previous month. The sales prices of commercial housing in first -tier cities have declined year -on -year, and the overall decline in second- and third -tier cities has slowed down year -on -year.
Reporter Huang Chunmei blame Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/hcm1-06152023001531.html 
Over -long -continuous electric vehicles are here. Do not stop charging for a day 
Author: Christopher Mims
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T00:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T00:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-14T23:09:00.000Z
Description: We drove for 1,000 miles and spanned two countries. We did not stop and charged the power in the middle. This must be attributed to a new type of electric vehicle.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000946449
Type: Article
If you want to experience the future of "full electrification transportation", all you have to do is to buy a $ 138,000 electric car, and at the same time, you don't care about the place where night parking -maintain a little patience.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%B6%85%E9%95%BF%E7%BB%AD%E8%88%AA%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E8%BD%A6%E6%9D%A5%E4%BA%86-%E5%BC%80%E4%B8%80%E5%A4%A9%E4%B8%8D%E7%94%A8%E5%81%9C%E4%B8%8B%E5%85%85%E7%94%B5-6354767c 
A few things you should know about Ukraine counterattack 
Creator: HELENE COOPER
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-15T01:00:40+08:00
Description: For a few months, Ukraine has been resisting Moscow air strikes. Now it has begun to attack, looking for loopholes at nearly 1,000 kilometers of front lines, and even launching attacks on Russian territory. Is it possible for Ukraine to win? What is its plan? Tyler Hicks/The New York Times On Wednesday, Ukrainian soldiers set up rocket launchers in the Donetsk area.
Images: [" 14dc-ukraine-... "]
Category: 美国
Type: Article
 Even the Ukrainian President Zeleiski said so now: In order to recapture Russia's territory, the long -awaited counterattack of the country has begun. For a few months, Ukraine has been resisting the air raid. Now it has begun to attack. It has been looking for loopholes at nearly 1,000 kilometers of front lines, and even launched attacks on Russian territory.
But after a few days of fierce battles, it is difficult to understand the situation of Ukraine. Why don't we have a better understanding of counterattack success? This is complicated, and there are many reasons related to the war. The following is the reason.
Offense is more difficult than defense. 
Military history has long stated that it is much more difficult to seize territory than defending territories. This is part of the reason why President Putin failed to reach the Ukraine capital Kiev's Kiev in the Ukrainian capital last year.
Their teams were in trouble and became a living target for the Ukrainian army equipped with shoulders. Due to the Ukraine's motorized air defense system, the Russian Air Force curled up to a large extent, and they could not conduct joint combat of various arms (only all departments of the army knew what other departments were doing and coordinated), which meant that this means that this means Putin's plan to occupy the entire country has not been realized.
But he did try to occupy territories in eastern and southern Ukraine. After that, the Russian army, as the occupant, has been excavating and building defensive work.
It is now a counterattack in Ukraine, and the Russians have been preparing for it.
"Russia's defensive work in Ukraine is the largest defense project in Europe since the" World War II "," "Military Analysts Sais Jones, Alexander Palmer, and Jewelry Beam Des released An article thesis Written. "In the offensive operation, the Russian military has built trenches, lightning areas, dragon teeth piles and other obstacles to slow down the speed of the Ukrainian army."
Military experts say this means that the Ukrainian army needs to find a region with weak Russian defense and reinforcement before breaking through. At the same time, the Ukrainian army must try not to allow the weakness to induce them to get enough adventure before reinforcement.
What is the dragon teeth pile? 
advertise
During the Second World War, Germany used the shape of a pyramid -shaped reinforced concrete structure to force retirement of the Allied tanks. The general idea is that the rows of uniform interval structures -hidden mines hidden between some of these structures -will force tanks to enter a more likely target position.
This pyramid structure is called dragon teeth because they are about 1 meter to 1.2 meters high, like a mouth full of teeth.
Satellite images show that this year the Russian army erected a dragon tooth barricade between the anti -tank trenches and trenches in eastern Ukraine and Crimean.
Will Ukraine have a large number of casualties during counterattacks? 
This situation has emerged. U.S. officials have confirmed that the Ukrainian army had casualties and equipment loss in early battles. There are very few information about Russia's loss, but officials point out that due to the reasons mentioned earlier, at the initial stage, the attacker is usually more casualties than the defensive defense.
For example, on the landing day of Normandy, the number of casualties of the Germans is estimated to be between 4,000 and 9,000, and the number of casualties of the Allies is about 10,000, of which 4,414 confirmed death.
advertise
The videos and photos released by Russian bloggers that support this war showed that at least three German -made Leopard 2 tanks and eight American Budley -made Bradeli war vehicles were recently abandoned or destroyed. The New York Times verified the authenticity of these videos and photos.
Does this mean that the counterattack failed? 
No. Two US officials said on Monday that the main force of counterattack may not have begun. One of the officials said that in the past year and a half, the United States and its allies have trained nine Ukrainian brigades, and most of them have not participated in the battle.
"When we saw the large armored formation in the offensive, I thought we knew that the main attack really started," said Frederick Hodis, the former US Army's highest commander in Europe. "So far, I don't think we have seen those large armored formations, that is, hundreds of tanks and infantry chariots."
He also said that a tank camp in Ukraine is planned to be equipped with 31 tanks, and a armored brigade is equipped with about 250 different types of armored vehicles. Such a huge combat formation is easily discovered by satellite images.
"When we see two or three brigades on a narrow front, I think we can say that the main offense has begun and the starting place," said General Hodis. "But even so, this is not sure. The General Staff of Ukraine hopes to make the Russians guess the main place for a long time as possible."
advertise
The Allies did the same thing on the Normandy Login Day, confidentializing the place of "Overlord Action", and misleading the Germans, making them think that offense is more likely to occur near Galan in northern France, not Norman.
Can Ukraine be unexpected? 
It is possible, but it is difficult. In modern war, opponents can get satellite images. Ukraine cannot secretly send the 150,000 troops to Russia's defense as the Allied forces in Normandy.
If there was such a technology at the time, "the Germans could see this through satellites," Jones of the Strategic and International Research Center said in an interview. "So you don't have this option."
He said that Ukraine has what it is doing now: launch attacks in various locations to find weaknesses, but also forced Russians to try to defend in many places.
In addition, Jones said Ukraine also has its own satellite images.
advertise
"I think what we see now is the weak link of the Ukraine tentative Russian defense," he said. In some weak defensive areas, "Ukraines may definitely break through those feet defensive work and bad Russian troops defending these areas."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/usa/20230615/ukraine-counteroffensive-what-to-know/ 
Qin Gang told Brinken: Moly tension depends on the United States (Free Version) 
Author: Wenxin Fan
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T01:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T01:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-14T22:45:00.000Z
Description: On the eve of US Secretary of State Brinkenton's visit to China, Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang urged the United States to take responsibility for improving the relationship between the two global powers while calling with Brinken.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000979499
Type: Article
The highly anticipated U.S. Secretary of State Brills(Antony flashing) Trip of visiting China On the eve of, Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang urged the United States to take the responsibility of improving the relationship between the two global powers while calling with Brinkens.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%A7%A6%E5%88%9A%E5%91%8A%E8%AF%89%E5%B8%83%E6%9E%97%E8%82%AF-%E7%BC%93%E5%92%8C%E4%B8%AD%E7%BE%8E%E7%B4%A7%E5%BC%A0%E5%B1%80%E5%8A%BF%E5%8F%96%E5%86%B3%E4%BA%8E%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD-538b0d3b 
The European Union proposed new allegations to Google, involving advertising technology 
Authors: ['哈维尔•埃斯皮诺萨', '汉娜•墨菲']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T01:10:15+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T21:09:99+08:00
Description: In the official but preliminary survey results, the European Commission stated that "only forced Google stripped some of its services can we solve" related competition concerns.
Images: [" 000170344_pic... "]
Themes: ['谷歌', '关注']
Keywords: ['谷歌', '科技巨头', '欧洲委员会']
Type: Article
 Brussels to Google(Google)New allegations are proposed that this technology giant is accused of distorting the competition in the field of advertising technology and may be forced to sell some online advertising business.
European Commission(European Commission)Said that Google uses its dominant position on the online advertising market -such as placing banner advertising on the newspaper website, which not only combates the business of the advertiser, but also damages the interests of the websites and APPs placed in advertising. Essence
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099968 
Blinger visiting China is not expected to break through in bilateral relations 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T01:28:00Z
Description: On the 14th, the US State Department stated that Secretary of State Brinkeng's trip to visit in the weekend is unlikely to bring breakthroughs and transfer to Sino -US relations, and only hopes to reduce the risk of misjudgment. Why is it difficult to warm up the relationship between the two countries? What are the currently known strokes?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '薄熙来', '专题报道：习近平访美', '中国共产党', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '空气污染', '20国集团', '北京', '毛泽东']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '布林肯', '北京', '习近平', '美国国务院']
Id: 65917669
Officials of the United States stated that they are cautious about the prospects of diplomatic progress in Bronken's visit.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) After the Chinese and American Foreign Minister called, the United States stated on Wednesday (June 14) that he did not expect the trip to visit China on the weekend of Secretary Change of sexual changes. Reuters analysis is that the United States is trying to dilute the diplomatic results that the trip may bring.
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs has officially announced recently that Brins will visit Beijing from 18th to 19th. This trip should have been carried out in February this year, but for a long time due to the "spy balloon" storm between China and the United States.
This will be the first visit to China for 5 years. It will also be the highest -level officials from the US government to the U.S. government since Joe Biden, Joe Biden, in January 2021.
Before the departure, Blingken talked with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang on the 13th Essence During the conversation, Qin Gang's responsibility for difficulties in bilateral relations lies in the United States And urging the United States to stop interfering with Chinese affairs and respect China's core concerns to curb the continuous deterioration relationship between the two major countries in the world.
Reuters reported that Danielkritenbrink, Assistant Secretary of State of the Asia -Pacific Affairs, said at a telephone briefing on the 14th that the purpose of restarting the trip to China is "not to achieve some breakthrough or change in each other's interaction."
Kangda said that one of the main goals of Brinken's trip was to discuss "frankness, direct and constructive" with China, but he was cautious about the prospects of progress. He said: "We will go to Beijing with a pragmatic and confident way. We sincerely hope that we can manage our competitive relationship in the most responsible way."
Xi Jinping and Biden met in Indonesia last year. Significant to visit China was one of the agreements reached by the heads of state of the two countries at that time.
Kangda added that Brins are expected to reiterate in Beijing that "the United States has a long -term concern for maintaining peace and stability on both sides of the Taiwan Strait" and discuss the situation in Ukraine with China.
According to the State Council, Brinken will hold a series of meetings with senior Chinese officials. As for whether to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping, the spokesman of the institute Matthewmille said: "We will announce in the next few days who he will meet with. And when to meet. "
reduces misjudgment 
According to Reuters, the trip to China ’s visit to China aims to stabilize Sino -US relations, because the relationship between the two countries has recently deteriorated, causing concerns about the international community. One day China and the United States may erupt military conflicts for Taiwan problems, and the two parties are in trade. There are also differences in the development of semiconductor production and human rights.
In addition, although the United States has recently tried to restart dialogue with China and dredge communication channels, Beijing seems to be unwilling to have a public dialogue with Washington. Earlier this month, China Defense Director Li Shangfu refused to meet with the United States Defense Minister Lloyd Austin at the sidelines of a forum in Singapore Essence
Kurtcampbell, a coordinator of the White House India, told Reuters that Washington intends to establish a crisis communication mechanism to reduce the risk of conflict. "I believe that Minister Brinken will strongly advocate that these communication channels are necessary." He said: "The army of the two sides is mature and strong, and the risk of interaction is too high, so it is inevitable to build a key communication channel."
The U.S. government expects that Blint's visit to the middle of the middle will pave the way for more bilateral talks in the future, including US Finance Minister Janet Yellen and the Minister of Commerce Ginaraimondo. Essence
Campbell also confirmed that there will be a series of two -way visit to "in the future", but no specific details are provided.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
Shooting 
A balloon in China fluttered over the United States for a few days. On February 4, the U.S. military shot down in the coastal waters of the South Carolina. The United States has accused China of using balloons for espionage. But China said that this is just an out of control meteorological balloon.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
search 
The shot of balloon fell into the sea a few miles away from the coast of South Carolina. The U.S. Navy and the Coast Guard positioned the areas where the balloon fell, and sent helicopters and ships to sort out the wreckage of balloons in the fall area.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
salvage 
It looks like fishermen are fishing a large jellyfish, but in fact, this is a group member of the US military who is responsible for dealing with explosives. This balloon has a diameter of about 61 meters, and the weight is equivalent to a small passenger aircraft.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
wreckage 
Due to the huge balloon size and uncertainty of its security, the United States eventually decided to shoot down at sea. The water depth of the balloon falling is about 15 meters. The U.S. military is trying to salvage more wreckage in order to more accurately understand the actual use of this flying object.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
tool 
The U.S. military uses special equipment such as underwater drones to search and salvage balloon wreckage. The "Explorer" -class marine measurement ship uses the sound of sound to find the wreckage fragments in the fall area. According to the U.S. military, the search area is about 2.25 square kilometers.##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China


In a statement on February 13th, the U.S. Northern Command said, "The salvage team found some important wreckage from the balloon fall, including confirming all the main sensors and electronic devices, and large objects of the overall structure."
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
upgrade 
After the United States shot down China's suspected spy balloon, the tension between the United States and China further intensified. This time, the Minister of Defense of China had rejected the US Secretary of Defense Austin to discuss matters related to balloons. China claims that the U.S. shot down is an over -reaction and violates international standards. The U.S. Department of Commerce will add 6 entities related to Beijing's suspected spy ball plan to be on the blacklist of exports. In the past few days, the U.S. military has shot down three flying bodies over the Alas California Coast in northwestern United States, Yakong areas in northwestern Canada, and the over -the -world of the US -Canada border.
Author: Florian Meyer
(Reuters, Associated Press, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/布林肯訪華在即-美不期望雙邊關係突破/a-65917669?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Bill Gates visit Hua Jinping on the 16th 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T01:33:00Z
Description: Microsoft founder Bill Gates may meet Xi Jinping during his visit to China. If the report is true, this will be Xi Jinping's first meeting with foreign private entrepreneurs in recent years. What interactions did the two have?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['薄熙来', '专题报道：习近平访美', '中国共产党', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团', '毛泽东', '中国宪法修正案取消国家主席任期限制', '南希·佩洛西', '周永康']
Keywords: ['微软', '习近平', '中美关系', '比尔·盖茨']
Id: 65917670
Bill Gates issued a conversation on agriculture in Washington in 2014.
(Voice of Germany) Reuters reported on Wednesday (June 14) that Billgates may meet Xi Jinping during his visit to China. Gates is going on a three -year visit to China. Late at night on the 14th, Gates said on Twitter that he had landed in Beijing and this trip will visit its foundation "Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation" cooperation units.
Reuters quoted two people familiar with the matter, saying that Gates may have a one -on -one face with Xi Jinping, but did not disclose what the two may discuss; another third source source confirmed to Reuters to meet the two. But it did not provide details.
Neither the foundation and the news office of the State Council of the State Council responded to Reuters' comment requests immediately.
According to Reuters, if this is true, this will be Xi Jinping's first meeting with foreign private entrepreneurs and business leaders in recent years. During the epidemic, Xi Jinping stopped going abroad for nearly three years due to the control of Chinese border.
Since the restarted by the Chinese border earlier this year, several foreign executives have visited China, but most of them have met with Chinese ministerial figures -March of this year, Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang met with Apple's Timcook Long; Reuters also reported recently that Tesla's CEO Elon Musk) met with Chinese Deputy Prime Minister Ding Xuexiang at the end of May 。
Musk met with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang at the end of May.
As one of Microsoft's co -founder, Gates resigned in 2008 and he resigned from his full -time position in the company. After being stepped down in Microsoft's board of directors in 2020, he focused on charity related to global health, education and climate change.
Reuters pointed out that Xi Jinping and Gates's last meeting was during the Boao Forum in 2015; in early 2020, Gates' Foundation promised to provide China a series of assistance to China, which included 5 million US dollars of funds against COVID-19. To this end, I believe in Gates to show my gratitude.
Immediately after Gates, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken) will also go to China from June 18th to 19th For a long time of delayed visit to stabilize the relationship between China and the United States.
(Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/比爾蓋茨訪華-16日或會習近平/a-65917670?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
With the booming of electric vehicles, oil demand is expected to be in the decade of FREE Version 
Author: Will Horner
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T01:58:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T01:58:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-14T08:29:00.000Z
Description: According to the International Energy Agency, with the popularity of electric vehicles and the rapid transition to clean energy, global crude oil demand will slow to a lower level within five years, and the demand will reach its peak before the end of this decade.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000979454
Type: Article
According to the International Energy Agency of the Well -known Energy Prediction Agency(INTERNATIONAL ENERGY AGENCY (IEA)It is said that with the popularity of electric vehicles and the rapid transition to clean energy, the growth of global crude oil demand will slow down to a lower level within five years, and the demand will reach its peak before the end of this decade.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E8%83%BD%E6%BA%90%E7%BD%B2-%E9%9A%8F%E7%9D%80%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E6%B1%BD%E8%BD%A6%E5%8A%A0%E9%80%9F%E6%99%AE%E5%8F%8A-%E7%9F%B3%E6%B2%B9%E9%9C%80%E6%B1%82%E5%B0%86%E5%9C%A82030%E5%B9%B4%E4%B9%8B%E5%89%8D%E8%A7%81%E9%A1%B6-6c66781a 
Will Trump be the president of the United States governed in prison? 
Creator: 纪思道
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-15T02:31:13+08:00
Description: Even if Trump was convicted and prison, he could continue to run for public office and even serve as president. This may seem unimaginable, but it is not impossible. This uncertainty illustrates the tragedy of the United States. Mark Peterson for the New York Times
Images: [" 14kristof-bkl... "]
Category: 观点与评论
Type: Article
 On Tuesday, Trump was rumored for the second time. Watching him endlessly scolding and his arrogance, it made me feel that it was desperate.
"I am the only person who can save this country," Trump announced Essence He said that this was "the most evil and most ingenious power abuse in our history" -whelier, he refers to his "persecution". He condemned the special prosecutor Jack Smith "mental chaos".
However, Trump’s delirium seems to did not make himself or the audience cheer up Under the review of the prosecution, this typical scammer seems to have shrunk. It is difficult for me not to think about the leaders who have reported to avoid being prison for decades; during the investigation, they were angry in front of us. Now, the net around Trump is also tightening.
A ridiculous question has always troubled me: Can the prisoners in the federal prison take leave to participate in his own president's inauguration ceremony?
advertise
I want to know the answer, because Trump seems to move towards two opposite and unseenable directions at the same time. First of all, he will become the first possibility of the first president of the crime of being convicted. Secondly, the possibility of winning the nomination of the Republican presidential candidate seems to be increasing. Regarding whether he can be elected president, the gaming market has given him about 22% Opportunity.
Any defendant must be concentrated as innocent before being proven to be guilty. But some smart lawyers believe that, as a former federal prosecutor said, for Trump, " danger is extreme Essence "Trump's own judicial minister William Balt said," If half of it is true, then he is finished. "
Of course, Trump may get breathing. The evidence provided by his own lawyer may be in the trial being announced not adopted Or judge judges may allow the defense to delay tactics, or stubborn sympathy in the Florida jury will refuse to convict them. But Trump may ultimately be in four independent criminal cases He was sued and had so many cases that were unreasonable. He may find that he had increased the chance of being at least of at least some felony.
He will be the first offender, and he is not sure if he will go to jail. So far, officials are very respectful to Trump: he has not been handcuffed, nor did he take a picture of suspects.
Nevertheless, after the conviction, such respect may end, and some criminal plots are finally sentenced to a considerable sentence than the defendant. Just this month, a former Air Force officer was confidentially confidential document for private collections judge Three years of imprisonment -he has pleaded guilty, so he may be widely treated. During Trump's presidency, Leati Winner leaked a document and was sentenced to more than five years Prison.
Even if Trump is convicted and prison, he can continue to run for public office, and may even hold presidential positions. If he is not busy in a prison factory manufacturing license plate if. In 1920, the Socialist Party candidate Eugene Debers caminated the president in the federal prison and received nearly 1 million votes.
advertise
I want to make some adjustments to call prison officials without listening to the phone between the federal prisoners 62953-804 and the leaders of China and Russia. Maybe the summit meeting can be held in a larger cell? Hold a national banquet in the prison cafeteria?
A low -level precedent: During the crime of serving his sentence for murder, Jor Caston was in 2021 Elected As a consultant communist in Washington. But this is a two -year -old non -paid consultant position, which is slightly different from the presidential position.Will voters really choose a person who has been or about to be punished as president? It seems difficult to believe, but in 2016, I also thought Trump would not be elected. It is worth noting that as more and more legal cases against Trump this year, his support in the Republican polls has also increased.
Part of the Federal Prosecution Latest Police Investigation A reasonable guess is that the prosecution may help him in the Republican primaries, but it will hurt him in the election. Looking forward to the future, news agencies must not look like 2016 That's Light -hearted Give him a platform without Trump without a full factual verification of Trump. We should support democracy, rather than empowering the instigators of anti -democracy.
All in all, I think Trump is about to fall. But my nightmare is that the United States is in a decline, and voters blame President Bayeng. The crisis in the Middle East led to rising oil and natural gas prices. A third -party candidate appeared. Get more. Or Biden has a health crisis, and the Democratic Party's nomination is Kamara Harris, I am worried that she will be a bit weaker as a presidential candidate. In short, it seems unlikely to be elected president by Trump, but it is not impossible -and the consequences may be catastrophic.
advertise
An current president who is governed in prison? This is completely unimaginable -is it? This uncertainty illustrates the tragedy of our country.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/opinion/20230615/trump-prison-convicted/ 
The new business model is recognized by the Cree Version 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T02:46:17+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T22:45:99+08:00
Description: The car trading platform operator has recorded its first net profit and operating profit for more than a year in the first quarter, and predicts that revenue in the second quarter will resume a year -on -year increase.
Images: [" 000168703_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '汽车业', '关注']
Keywords: ['汽车业']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Author Yangge, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
After two years of reform, the car trading platform operator Changu Group(CANG.US)Finally show a new look, including the first profit of the past two years.
Although the company is still in the early stage as a car trading platform, its preliminary signs of its latest quarterly reports seem to be encouraged. About ten years ago, Cannan started with automobile finance. At that time, China encouraged more private investment to enter the financial field. But later Beijing cracking down on such private financial institutions, forcing many companies to go down, and a few survivors like Can Valley had to find new business models.
Changu is quickly getting rid of the original car loan business portfolio and transforming to the car trading platform operator in the past two years. It not only provides new cars and used cars, but also provides extensive services for car owners and dealers. At the beginning of this year, it launched the application of "Changu You" that provides second -hand car transactions and services, which is the last large puzzle of its new identity. Its other large puzzle is a similar application launched about half a year ago and a "Can Valley Good Car" providing new car services.
Since then, the company has expanded its business rapidly and recorded its first net profit and operating profit after transformation in the first quarter. In the past three quarters, Changu has recorded continuous and steady growth income, reversing the decline in nearly a year. It predicts that this continuous growth trend will continue to this quarter and promote it to achieve another important milestone, because it has also recorded its first year -on -year revenue growth in the past two years.
All of this shows that after experiencing great reforms, the company has obviously entered a good situation. The question now is how far the new growth engine can take it.
As the business improved, Changu seemed to turn a positive cash flow again. This is reflected in its cash and short -term investment. In the first three months of this year, these two indicators have increased for the first time in more than two years.
Even though the government suddenly canceled the new crown "zero" policy at the end of last year, the Chinese automobile market has been declining recently. Therefore, this initial improvement improvement is even more noteworthy. According to data from the China Passenger Federation, the sales of new vehicles in passenger cars in the first quarter fell 13.4%, because the market sentiment was still weak even after re -opening.
"Although the macroeconomics gradually recovered, it laid the foundation for the recovery of the Chinese automobile industry, but in the first quarter, it was received by the Lunar New Year.(Government New Energy Vehicle)The influence of subsidy exits and the price war began in March, "CEO Lin Jiayuan said at the company's quarterly financial report conference call," The comprehensive effect made consumers in a serious wait -and -see mood. "
The report attracted the attention of investors in the original downturn market. After the performance of the performance last Friday, Chanu's stock price rose 5%in the transaction, and eventually closed at a 0.8%increase. So far this year, the stock has fallen by about 7%, but it has increased by more than 20%over the mid -March low.
Successful transformation
Now, the new main structure of Canvy has been assembled, and the next step is the ending stage, and the new model is fine -tuned to improve efficiency and expansion. The size of this company is still smaller, and the longer -history Changu Good Car Platform only handled 16,490 car transactions last year. The latest performance shows that the Changu Good Car Platform promoted 3,867 transactions in the first quarter. Due to the New Year of the lunar calendar, it traditionally in the off -season in the first quarter.
The revenue of Can Valley in the last quarter was 542 million yuan, which is much higher than the upper limit of the previous forecast of 450 million to 500 million yuan. The latest number decreased by 31.1%compared to the company's 788 million yuan reported in the first quarter of last year. However, as we pointed out earlier, since the Chinese epidemic prevention and control measures have reached its peak in the first half of last year, the revenue has risen for three consecutive quarters.
Canni said that its income will continue to grow from the previous month, and it is expected that the second quarter revenue will be 600 million yuan to 650 million yuan. This will make the company's heavy recovery of the year -on -year increase, which is more than doubled from 289 million yuan in the second quarter of last year.
Auto trading services currently account for nearly 80%of Cancanu's total revenue, and its earlier car financing services account for most of the remaining.
With the completion of the transformation, Changu also showed signs of strict control in the season. Its income costs in the proportion of total revenue, from 98.9%in the previous quarter to 88.6%, but in order to improve profitability, the company needs to further reduce this proportion; the company's total operating costs from 9.77 in the same period last year last year 100 million yuan was reduced to 491 million yuan.
These performances eventually transformed into profits, and its operating profit was 51.8 million yuan, ending its six consecutive quarters of operating losses. The net profit of 78.8 million yuan is the first time since the fourth quarter of 2021, the first time it has achieved profitability. As of the end of March, the company's cash almost doubled from three months ago to nearly 700 million yuan, and short -term investment in the same period also rose slightly to 2 billion yuan.
During the reporting period, the additional features of the platform include the artificial intelligence customer service launched by the Changu Good Car Platform, and the B2B auction service launched by the Canvan Youxou Platform.
With the improvement of performance, Changu's stock valuation has also increased compared to peers. For the rest of this year, similar revenue growth will make its long -term market sales rate of 0.46 times, which is behind a car home with a longer history and higher profits.(Self. That; 2581. Hak)The current 3.8 times, but much higher than the domestic competitors Youxin(UXIN.US)0.2 times, which is also higher than the US used car seller Carvana(CVNA.US)0.13 times.
Obviously, Changu is entering the next stage of development, which will bring it various challenges because it hopes to expand the new model and will inevitably encounter unexpected obstacles in the development path. However, it has recently restored profitability and income growth, which is undoubtedly a positive sign, indicating that its next stage of journey has a good start.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099969 
A executive of the AIIB criticizes the bank after resigning. The bank is led by the Chinese Communist Party 
Author: Liyan Qi / Sha Hua
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T03:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T03:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-14T22:52:00.000Z
Description: The person in charge of the Asian Investment Bank Public Relations said on Wednesday that he had resigned and accused the bank of the banks dominated by the Communist Party.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000981000
Type: Article
Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank led by China(Asian infrastructure Investment Bank (Asian Investment Bank)The person in charge of the public relations said on Wednesday that he had resigned and accused the bank of the management led by the Communist Party, while the AIIB said that these allegations were basically not basically basically basically.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E9%A2%86%E5%AF%BC%E7%9A%84%E4%BA%9A%E6%8A%95%E8%A1%8C%E9%AB%98%E7%AE%A1%E5%9C%A8%E8%BE%9E%E8%81%8C%E5%90%8E%E6%89%B9%E8%AF%84%E8%AF%A5%E9%93%B6%E8%A1%8C-f4a5c562 
Chinese Social Strange Peristen 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T03:09:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:24:39-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Malaysia village, Qian'an City, Tangshan, Hebei, said that a long -distance truck driver said that more than a dozen farmers followed the way to intercept "buying money" ranging from one to 10 yuan. Yuan, the driver had to give money. Video screenshot/ancient pavilion provides AUDIO-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaODao/shehui/GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -GT 061520230911.html/@stream As the rich people compete abroad, the quality of life of the general public has fallen rapidly. In Tangshan, Hebei, a truck driver was intercepted by more than a dozen farmers when passing through Malanzhuang Town. Some scholars believe that Chinese society is currently returning to an disorderly state.
All people want "moist"? Chinese people search for "immigration" in a single day to break 100 million times * More than 200 farmers and herdsmen in Inner Mongolia protested that five people went to the autonomous region to petition police for one person 
China's economic development has entered a low period of growth, and social problems are becoming sharp. A private wealth migration report issued by the London Investment Immigration Consulting Company Hengli Global predicts that the number of high -net -worth individuals in China this year will reach 13,500.
Ms. He, who lives overseas, told this station that her relatives and friends in the mainland revealed that the price of real estate in China is constantly falling, and many people cannot find a job. Everyone is worried about the future: "I have recently talked to my family. The mainland is on the mainland. The economy is really terrible, worse than I saw on Twitter. It is not a big problem that young people can't find a job. Now real estate is about to collapse. My friend wants to sell a house. He bought a house more than two million, and now he can't sell more than 1.6 million. "
In the past 61 years, China's first population has grown negatively, and the unemployment rate under the age of 24 has exceeded 20%, and about 700 million disposable income can be less than 3,000 yuan. This series of data reflects the status quo of Chinese society. A orderly society, gradually disorderly. (Network screenshot/ancient pavilion provided) The driver "passed the toll" for the passenger to count the yuan. 
On the WeChat circle of friends and Twitter platforms, a netizen uploaded a video on Thursday. A large truck driver was in Malanzhuang Town, Qian'an City, northeast of Tangshan, Hebei. The driver WeChat pays one yuan, five yuan, or ten yuan per person: "(driver), (driver) one dollar, (driver) we also support WeChat payment here; another road block point, the driver said, the big gold ring belt belt Besides, how much does you want money, how much does it cost? One ten, one, five, (good), the other says that there are ten people in total. "
As of now, the station has not yet independently verified the content of the video.
Malaysia village, Qian'an City, Tangshan, Hebei, said that a long -distance truck driver said that more than a dozen farmers followed the way to intercept "buying money" ranging from one to 10 yuan. Yuan, the driver had to give money. (Network screenshot/ancient pavilion provided) Zhang Jianping, a commentator from Yixing current affairs in Jiangsu, said that the above situation generally appears in the countryside in the central and western regions: "They farmers are only 107 yuan a month. Eighty dollars. What can you buy one hundred dollars? On the one hand, cadres and officials are retired for tens of thousands of yuan for a month. It costs millions of yuan to lie in the hospital for one year. The farmers who faced the back of the loess have contributed to the country for a lifetime, what should they do? "
A negative data society returns to dismissal? 
Ma Jun, a senior commentator in the United States, told this station that the above phenomenon appeared in the 1990s. At that time, the Chinese economy was just starting. At the junction of Henan, Hebei, Shaanxi, and Henan, he had experienced farmers' roads to collect roads to collect roads. Tour. However, this phenomenon appears again, indicating that the income of the people has declined or lost its economic source: "The people's lives are difficult to sustain, and the most grass -roots official income is limited. There will be more and more. In the 1990s, the whole country was messy, but at that time, everything changed from disorder to order, but today it has changed from orderly to disorder. "
Some netizens have said that according to the Chinese population, residents' income, and young people's unemployment, the current social conditions have been the worst since the reform and opening up. For example, in the past 61 years Adult criminal suspects rose to 42.8%. There were more than 20 million patients with rare diseases. The risk of depression in the unemployed and unemployed people reached 31%.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, He Ping.com Edited: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/gt-06152023030911.html 
Fishermen of Fishermen in the Political Day of Fukushima Nuclear Water Entering the Sea of Politicalization do not support 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T03:16:00Z
Description: The Fukushima First Nuclear Power Plant in Japan began on June 12 to start the "trial emission" operation in nuclear energy treatment water in waste furnace operation. The purpose is to test whether the relevant equipment can operate normally. The Japanese side will decide the timing of formal discharge of water in summer based on the trial results. However, Seoul and Beijing have different responses to this incident, and there are also opposition in Japan.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['岛屿主权争端', '日本']
Id: 65917718
On March 1, 2023, Tsurishihama fishing port in Shinachi, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan, about 55 kilometers from Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station, said 71 -year -old fishermen Haruoono said: "In the past, the price of fish is rising, and we can finally start doing business. .. Now they say that we want to put water, and we have to return to the original point again, which is intolerable. "
(Voice of Germany Chinese), South Korea's largest representative of the Welle Party "Common Democratic Party", Li Zaiming, was invited by Chinese ambassador to South Korea to dine on June 8th, saying Japanese emission treatment water One thing is that "the Japanese side is considered by the economy and other interests as its own sewer, which is extremely irresponsible." Later, Li Zaiming said, "We have to speak together and make countermeasures together."
In response, Kim Qixuan, the representative of the "National Power" party of the Korean ruling party, also urgently talks with the Japanese Ambassador to South Korea on the 8th. The two sides conducted recent consultations on how to eliminate the problem of water in South Korea. Regarding the statement in the opposition party and China, Jin Qixuan also emphasized that it was "malicious propaganda and incitement", which will only cause Japanese -Korean relations to deteriorate and have an impact on Korean fishery -related people.
China's attitude is as resolute as ever In addition to the "lonely travel" in Japan, a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs even called "extremely selfish and irresponsible." On the contrary, the previous Korean Prime Minister Han Dexun had dealt with water emissions at the end of May and said that "the information we want to get almost all the information we want" and said "quite satisfied with this." Attitude.
In fact, after the Hiroshima G7 Summit, South Korea officially sent an official inspection team to Fukushima. However, after a few days of inspecting returning to South Korea, South Korea's official attitude is still cautious about this. Liu Guoxi, chairman of the Atomic Safety Committee, only said that "we have made progress in the process of science and technology and technical review." More information with Tokyo Electric Power Corporation will not be ruled out that there will be a trip again, and the attitude is relatively slow.
Japan is mainly emitted this time.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/含氚核废水真的不会危害健康/a-57184856)The content of radioactive substances before discharge will be diluted to one -seventy -sixth of the drinking water below standard drinking water. As the cooling water storage of waste furnace operations has reached saturated for more than ten years, the official finally decided to dilute it and discharge it. However, this action has also caused local fishermen, as well as the anxiety and doubts of China, South Korea and the Pacific island nation.
A spokesman for Tokyo Electric Power Company told Reuters on March 8, 2023: "What we say to fishermen is that we have equipment to handle these water safely."
President Palau (also known as Hui Shuren) on June 13 when he visited Japan 4 days on June 13, he specially arranged the itinerary of Fukushima Prefecture to inspect the operation process of handling water in person. After listening to the official briefing, HPS said: "I understand that there are various topics. It is very important to improve the transparency of the waste furnace." The Minister of Internal Immigration, which was previously included in Fiji, another island country, also said that he was "very concerned" about emissions.
In order to make the international community feel at ease, Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kohisuke plans to receive it in early July International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Director Director Rafaelmarianographyi, and is expected to give him various reports to him, and the two parties discuss the final process of water discharge. The International Atomic Energy Agency also visited the nuclear power plant from the end of May to the beginning of June, and was expected to announce the investigation report by the end of June. However, it is inevitable that the treatment of water emissions between China and South Korea also trigger a political effect.

However, for local fishermen, after ten years of earthquakes and nuclear disasters, the local waters gradually lifted the ban and fishing, but under the discharge of water treatment, the local seafood may be fame again. Therefore, in recent years, they have expressed opposition. The Minister of Economics and Industry of Japan visited three counties including Miyagi, Fukushima, and Ibaraki, especially in the 10th to exchange opinions with local fishery groups, but still did not reach a consensus.
Employees of Tokyo Electric Power Corporation are cleaning the marine biological breeding water tank of the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station with "Treatment of Water"
The president of the Fisheries Association of Fukushima Prefecture said to Japanese reporters: "(talks) is a parallel line. The idea of our opposition to discharge is unchanged." In this regard, Nishicun only emphasizes that "at the same time as the waste furnace, the fisheries will certainly continue to continue (Eat volume) will obtain consensus and exchange opinions between the two. "
Fisheries President of Ibaraki Prefecture, Feitian Masami, criticized, The country has not fulfilled the responsibility of fully explaining And said: "If discharge without authorization, it will definitely decline to the fisheries. Absolutely oppose."
Although central officials such as Xicun spent nearly an hour in three counties to communicate with the local fishery associations, they were all spoken. Future fishing prospects will only be more worrying. "
The Japanese government and Tokyo Electric Power Corporation reached a consensus with the local fishery associations in 2015. Before obtaining the understanding of all parties, they will not make behaviors including discharge treatment water.
However, in April 2021, after all, because the storage volume had reached the limit, I have to make an emission decision However, many fishermen are still incomplete to the government's explanation, and they have repeatedly expressed their opinions in the past. Now that it is only one month left in the summer, how to get a truly understanding at home and abroad in the last limited time will also test the Kishida Cabinet, which will also affect the subsequent House of Representatives Congress elections.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 

Fishermen in Fukushima 
Fishing and survival 
When cleaning silver fish, Ono remembered the day when he changed the world: On March 11, 2011, a nine -level earthquake triggered a huge tsunami on the east coast of Japan. Ono survived on his boat, but his home on the land was destroyed. He lost a younger brother. The tsunami also impacted the Fukushima nuclear power plant, causing explosion and melting.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Tragging fisheries 
The radiation released during the disaster during the reactor caused the fisheries in the area to be completely stagnant. It was not until 12 years later that the price of fish slowly rose. Ono believes that Tokyo Electric Power Corporation will be "unbearable" that the plans of polluting water into the sea again. He was worried, "We are afraid we will return to the origin again."
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Place of cooling water 
The damaged Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station scene at the scene of the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station is the focus of controversy. According to the authorities, these water storage tanks must be removed before rebuilding. These water is mainly used for cooling reactors after the disaster.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
cooling water is safe? 
An employee of Tokyo Electric Power Co., Ltd. raised the water sample in front of the camera. These water is treated, filtered and diluted. Dongdian and the government claim that it is safe now. However, it contains trace. Although this radioactive homogenin is considered relatively harmless, fishermen are worried that the water will be discharged into the sea again to destroy their business again.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
In control? 
The radiation test standards cited by the Tokyo Electric Power Corporation and the Tokyo government are stricter than other countries that are also discharged. This release has also been approved by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). "We have equipment to make water safe." Tomohikomayuzum, a spokesman for Tokyo Power Company, told Reuters.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Fish in the wastewater tank 
In order to prove the processed water innocence and harmless, Tokyo Electric Power Company is breeding fishes in the water tank of the abandoned Fukushima first nuclear power plant. Toshihirowada at the University of Fukushima said that it can understand the fishermen's concerns. He said that Tokyo Electric Power Corporation announced that the emission of polluting water was "unfortunate" for the fisheries that have just recovered in the region.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Sprinkle salt on the wound? 
Fisherman Ono Haruki poured the fish he captured into a water tank. He was angry at Tokyo Electric Power Company: "The ocean is not a trash can." He said in an interview with Reuters and asked, "Why do you put water to the waters of Fukushima, why not put water to Tokyo or Osaka?" He said, he said, The people in the region have suffered sufficient pain, and now they have suffered more pain.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
The future of fishermen 
Ono Chunfu stands in the place where the former house is located. After the tsunami, the area was turned into a park. Although his new home is inland, the 71 -year -old man had to "work at sea" to the end of his life. He felt dim in the future prospects of the fishing industry. He asked: "What do those children who go to elementary and junior high schools?" For them, it was too unstable for them.
Author: philipp böll

News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/福島核廢水入海政治化-日漁民不支持/a-65917718?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Japanese stocks have led the world, why investors have increased their confidence in Japan 
Creator: VIVEK SHANKAR
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-15T03:22:43+08:00
Description: There are signs that the operating methods of Japanese companies have changed significantly and inject vitality into the economy. The Nikkei index rose sharply. Factors such as inflation, rising consumer expenditure, and Buffett's endorsement have attracted the Japanese economy to attract more investors. Richard A. Brooks/Agency France-Presse-Getty Images Japan Nikkei 225 Index is the best major stock index this year.
Images: [" 14japan-stock... "]
Category: 商业与经济
Type: Article
 In 2014, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe stood in front of the camera that he would change the rigid business method of Japanese companies Essence This is a difficult task. Japanese executives have been relieved for many years after the bubbles of the 1980s, and have been in need for many years. Employees have rare salary increases and shareholders' return. As a result, the economy has rarely increased.
At present, there are significant changes in the operation of the enterprise, which will help inject vitality into the economy. In recent months, Canon shareholders have requested Diversification of members of the board of directors , West Rail City watches said they will repurchase at most one -quarter shares The owner of Uniqlo promises to be their employees up to 40%salary up to 40% Essence Tokyo Stock Exchange has urged the company "Attention" its stock price Essence
In addition, this year's unexpected stable economy, weak currency, and ultra -low interest rate -and many largest economies in the world are raising interest rates -plus Volun E. Buffett's help It created the best main stock market in the world.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose nearly 30%this year, far exceeding the increase of the US benchmark Standard Polar 500 index. This is the so -called "[lost ten years] in the early 1990s of the Nikkei index in the early 1990s(https://www.nytimes.com/2008/10/19/weekinreview/19impoco.html)"The highest point since.
advertise
Some observers soon warned that investors had changed too optimistic about the attitude of the Japanese board and hurt. However, the company's profits are improving. Japan's third largest economy in Japan is bathing in the sun after the popularity: inflation is finally reproduction, consumer expenditure is rising, and foreign tourists are returning.
"The basic economic situation in Japan, including corporate profits, is better than the United States, Europe and China," said Owaki Owa Owa, an asset management of Tokyo Nomura. "As far as GDP is concerned, Japan will surpass other countries."
The increase in GDP in the first three months of Japan this year has increased sharply last week, raising the annual rate from 1.6%to 2.7%. The overall situation is still halved, and the increase in company expenditure has brought growth, but these expenditures are more to supplement shelves and warehouse inventory, not the needs of consumers. The individual consumption that measures how much people spend is slightly weakened.
Overseas tourists poured into Japan, and domestic consumption demand also showed strong. Philip Fong/Agency France-Presse-Getty Images
The village said that domestic demand is still strong. It is generally expected that it will rise further, just like the so -called retaliatory expenditures that other countries have seen after the blockade. Japan is one of the last restrictions on the new crown. Although the number of tourists is far below the level before 2020, overseas tourists are pouring in.
"They spent more money than before," the village said, partly because the yen was weak. The exchange rate of the yen against the US dollar has fallen to the lowest level since the 1990s.
Japan has also made great progress in two long -term problems, and has improved wages and inflation in recent months. Excluding fresh food Consumer prices rose in April 3.4% It is the highest level for decades. As Japan's inflation has been at a very low level for a long time, compared to the United States and Europe, Japan is more willing to see inflation, and the Bank of Japan has stated that it will adhere to currency loose policy.
advertise
However, Park Chongxun, the head of Japan and South Korea's economic research at the Standard Chartered Bank in Seoul, said that inflation is mainly promoted by supplying shortages after the large population. Park Chongxun said: "This is not driven by wage growth." He also said that the inflation rate is expected to fall to the 2%target of the Bank of Japan next year.
The current challenge is to maintain the recent income growth of some economic departments and expand the scope. A survey of a commercial group found that the company agreed to this year an average salary increase of 3.9% This is the highest level for decades.Another leader who promotes corporate thinking transformation is the Tokyo Stock Exchange. In March of this year, the exchange formulated a plan , Will force companies to increase the stock price lower than the book value. Some of the simplest methods are to pay more dividends and repurchase more stocks. Although it is unclear when the exchange starts the policy, Giants such as Toyota and Honda may have to make changes. The two companies have stated that they plan to repurchase stocks this year. (This year, Toyota's stock price rose 27%, and Honda's stock price rose 50%.)
Canon lens used for display. Canon's shareholders rebuked the president of the company due to the lack of gender diversification of the board, and almost kicked him out of the board of directors. Philip fong/Agency France-Presse — Getty Images
The Nikkei 225 index rose 1.5%to 33502 points on Wednesday, a new high of the year.
For the hedge fund manager Sais Fisher, it has made the company more concerned about the transformation of profits and stock prices. He has been struggling to call on a Japanese company for more than ten years. Perhaps the most impressive is to urge Nintendo Transplant the game on the phone.
advertise
"We saw the behavior of executives undergone tremendous changes," Fisher, the founder of Oasis Capital, said in Hong Kong.
One example of Fisher is Camera and Optical Equipment Company Canon. Shareholders condemned his chairman and CEO, and almost kicked him out of the board because the board of directors lacked gender diversity. According to the Nikkei News, due to continuously urging more reserve funds for investment, Japanese companies have announced that in the year as of March, a record 70 billion US dollars Repurchase. This year's dividends may reach a new high, more than 100 billion U.S. dollars Essence All these measures are combined to invest funds into the real economy.
Then Buffett's endorsement, he recently said that he increase holdings The shares of the Japanese Enterprise Group Ito Choyan, Maruhong, Mitsubishi, Mitsui, and Sumitomo. In April, he told Nikkei News that he plans to make more investment in Japanese companies Essence Since then, foreign investors have invested funds into the Japanese stock market. As the tension between Beijing and Washington has intensified, some investors have avoided investment in China.
Fisher is one of the bullish. He said that as the company takes action to increase its value, they will help Japan's overall economy by increasing income.
"Investors finally noticed that there was a chance to cause a huge change in Japan," he said.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/business/20230615/japan-stock-markets/ 
Apple VR header may not be able to improve interpersonal communication (Free Version) 
Authors: ['皮利塔•克拉克']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T03:29:59+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T23:28:99+08:00
Description: Clark: In my opinion, this novel thing is about the most unnecessary things in the world today. After all, technology has divided people with too much attention.
Images: [" 000183615_pic... "]
Themes: ['观点', 'Web3与加密金融', '关注']
Keywords: ['苹果', '自我管理', '增强现实', '虚拟现实']
Type: Article
 The writers in the field of science and technology are busy praising Apple(Apple)Virtual reality released last week(VR)The head display equipment is "extraordinary", "strong performance", and "amazing".
But some people admit that they feel "unusually lonely" and confused after wearing. The $ 3499 VR glasses may seem to completely change the experience of watching videos or movies at home.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099970 
Talking show actor Xie Bizi: Malaysia requires the intervention of Interpol in Malaysia for MH370 jokes. 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-15T03:47:46.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T03:47:46.000Z
Description: JOcelyn Chia, the American Singapore -Palace actor, joked because of the performance of Malaysian Airlines MH370 because of the performance, and angered the Malaysian authorities. But she said that the official response was "overly".
Images: [" _130079673_ge... ", " _130094977_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['娛樂', '新加坡', '马来西亚', '美国', '警务', '航空旅行', '航空事故和事件', '亚洲', '喜剧']
Type: Article
talk show actor Xie Bizi: Malaysia asked the intervention of Interpol in Malaysia for MH370 jokes 
3:47 am on June 15, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Last week, Xie Bizi, a talk show, who was born in a lawyer, was widely circulated on the Internet at the performance of a club in Manhattan. In the performance, she reviewed the history of Singapore's separation from Malaysia. Triggered a stir.
* American Singapore -American talk show actor Xie Bizi * mH370 Air crash is joking, angry at the Malaysia authorities. She expressed the official response " * excessive *" * *. * 
She told BBC that she was "not making fun of tragedy" and the victim, but tried to find humor in tragedy.
The Malaysian police said they had asked the Interpol to find Xie Bizi, and they are currently investigating her about inciting and offending network content.
Xie Biri, who grew up in Singapore, said that the interpol is "ridiculous" involving the Interpol.
Last week, Xie Bizi, a talk show, who was born in a lawyer, was widely circulated on the Internet at the performance of a club in Manhattan. In the performance, she reviewed the history of Singapore's separation from Malaysia. Triggered a stir.
The International Interpol told the BBC that they had not received the Malaysian police's assistance to the case.
Xie Bizi said that her jokes "have been disconnected on social media."
"I have said (this paragraph) hundreds of times, and even made a short version in Singapore. It always makes the audience laugh. If it does not work well, I won't use it anymore."
She also said that "to get rid of" or make fun of the audience is part of her New York comedy club culture. She said that American comics have used the "9/11" attack as a joke material.
"Americans can appreciate more severe, sharp, and more straightforward humor, and in Asia, single -sized comedy is still in its infancy. You can't find a lot of sharp comedy in Asia." She said.
In the performance that triggered controversy, Xie Bizi first teased a Malaysian with a rough mouth, saying that Singapore has become the first world country since 1965 independence, and Malaysia "is still a developing country."
Then, she continued to ridicule Malaysia's planes to "not fly" and associate it with Malaysia Airlines MH370 tragedy.
"What? Malaysia Airlines is not funny at all, isn't it?" She joked with a smile, and then said with a word, "Some jokes won't land."
In March 2014, a Boeing 777 passenger aircraft from Malaysia Airlines disappeared from the radar on the way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.
Search and rescue personnel from many countries conducted four years of search in the Indian Ocean and discovered some wreckage, but did not find the host. 239 people on board were announced to be killed.
 Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
On March 29, 2022, Xie Bizi performed a talk show when he appeared at the comedy club in Bobbank, California.
China Talk Show: "Artistic Art" and Dangerous "Red Line" Xiao Guo Culture: Why is the Chinese talk show an actor accused of insulting the PLA and being investigated by the case History research of the cold cicada effect of China British Lieutenant Law is worried about the Cursing Curse "Uncle Roger" Huang Jinyu deleted the cooperation video with the "anti -Communist" online celebrity cooperation video caused a storm Malaysia Airlines MH370's new report is the most critical question, there is still no answer * MH370: Malaysia Airlines passenger planes that have been lost to this day Her paragraphs caused Malaysians' tarts in social media. The "Comedycellar" she performed the club "Comedycellar" received 4,000 star evaluations on Google almost overnight, and the owner said that the website was also hacked.
The film was also deleted by Tiktok because it violated its hatred of remarks.
According to reports, the Malaysian Brigade and the United States and dozens of Malaysian overseas Chinese were burned on Sunday (June 11) in Flushing, New York, which protested, saying that this move had no mercy to the family members of Malaysians and the family members of the air crash and asked her to ask her Public apology.
Earlier, the Malaysian Ministry of Foreign Affairs had condemned it. Foreign Minister Zambry Abdkadir said her talk show blatantly lacks sensitivity and sympathy for the family members of Malaysians and the families of air crash.
Vanu Gopala Menon, the highest commissioner of Singapore in Malaysia, apologized. Singapore Foreign Minister Vivianbalakrishnan also tried to calm the dispute, saying that he was "shocked" by these jokes.
"Of course, she does not represent the point of view of the Singaporeans." Vivian said, saying that the Singaporeans "cherish the relationship with Malaysian family and friends."
Some Internet users, including Xie Bizi's talk show actor, participated in her numbness. But some people think this is acceptable irony.
The main function of the Interpol is shared information about fugitives and brought them back to the criminal country.
"I really hope to see the face of an international criminal police organization who receives this request." Ms. Xie said.
"Honestly, if the International Interpol Organization takes this requirement and the incident is upgraded, can you imagine how famous it will make me famous?"Last month, Chinese talk show actor Li Haoshi was detained because he was accused of insulting the Chinese PLA during his performance.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65911919 
How does the German business community think of "risk" to China? (Free Version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T04:15:09+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-14T23:48:99+08:00
Description: Yuan Jie: The diversification of the German corporate community is not to de -Chineseization, but to "make good use of the opportunities in the Chinese market" and further expand the Asian, Africa and Latinaries.
Images: [" 000079416_pic... "]
Themes: ['中德关系', '关注']
Keywords: ['中德关系', '德国', '中德贸易', '德国企业']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
The German government wants to implement the strategy of “de -risk risks rather than decoupled” in China, and aims to reduce dependence on China through diversification. However, the diversification of the German business community is not to de -Chineseization, but to "use the opportunities of the Chinese market" and further expand the Asian -Africa and Latinaries.
1. Strategic origin 
On May 9, 2023, Olafscholz, German Chancellor Olafscholz, stated in a keynote speech in the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, claiming that Europe bears global responsibility: "We need a geopolitical EU, the European Union, An EU, an enlarged and reform, in the end, the same important is a future -oriented EU. "
When talking about the relationship with China, Tsutz said that he agreed to the European Commission Chairman Ursula Von Der Leyen's previous view that "the motto is not 'decoupled', but wisely 'Dest -risk'. "
The "South Germany" website pays special attention to this statement of Shuerz. Zeng Zaiwen said: Tsutz also used the word "de -risk" here, but he likes to add "wise" in front of him. It seems that Shuerz himself appreciates this strategy.
As Tsutz said, it was "not decoupled" to China, but the strategy of "de -risk" was first proposed by the President of the European Commission Feng Delin.
On March 30, on the eve of the visit to China with French President Macron, Feng Delin delivered a speech at a seminar organized by the European Policy Research Center (EPC) and the Merics Research Institute (Merics). In the speech, the President of the European Commission said that the European Union's relations with China must be "risky" rather than "decoupling".
Feng Delin said: "The focus here is that we don't want to cut off the economic, social, political or scientific contact. China is an extremely important trading partner -9%of our goods exports, and more than 20%of our goods imports Although the imbalance is intensifying, most of our goods and service trade are still mutually beneficial, 'no risks'. "
Feng Delin believes that the decoupling with China is neither feasible nor in Europe. To this end, she proposed a "de -risk" plan for the European strategy in Europe.
In the speech, the European Commission chairman also explained her "de -risk" strategy in detail. According to Feng Delin's point of view, the risk of economic relations includes the EU's economy and industry more competitive and elastic, and better use the EU's existing trading toolbox to develop new defense tools for key departments, and seek to seek Consolidate with partners around the world.
She also said: "All of these will help strengthen our supply chain to restore the original power and make our trade diversified -this must be a core element of our economic 'risk' strategy."
On April 27, Jakesullivan, a national security adviser, learned a speech entitled "Revitalizing the US Economic Leadership" at the Brucks Society. In the speech, Shalvin also said that the Biden government is trying to "go risks" in economic and trade relations with China, rather than "decoupling".
The EU Foreign and Security Policy Senior Representative Josep Borrell also stated at the EU 27 Foreign Consumer Affairs Meeting in Stockholm, Sweden on May 12, said: "'' de -riskization 'is just a word. But in this word, the word Behind, there will be a lot of work that will take time to review all our economic relations with China. " Borier also emphasized that the purpose is not to "decoupling" the European and Chinese economies, but to re -balance this relationship.
It seems that the European and American politicians are "not decoupled" to the China economy proposed by Feng Delin, but the strategy of "de -risk" still appreciates it.
2. It is not easy to implement 
The "Mirror" weekly published on April 22 has published an article entitled "Avoid Rain, and by Circular Water". This title is a habitual idiom in Germany, which means: falling into a more difficult situation. The content of the discussion of the article mainly involves the difficulty of implementing the "de -risk" strategy.
According to an essay, it is said: "Raw materials: The EU has just got rid of the dependence on Russia's energy, and intelligence agencies and experts warn more dangerous dependence, such as dependence on China's rare earth."
The article mentioned that in a government statement issued in March in March, it once praised himself: "We have got rid of the dependence on Russia's natural gas, Russian oil and Russian coal within 8 months." Through the ability to awaken and change, refuel and transform. "
However, the article turned around and carefully pointed out that whether Germans and other Europeans can really do all of this remains to be observed. "Because Europeans may fall into a new and more dangerous dependence, from China's rare earth, Qatar's natural gas to oil from Saudi Arabia."
The author of the article specifically mentioned "China's rare earth" and pointed out that this is the raw material required for industrial production batteries, semiconductor or electric motor magnets.
According to the Federal Bureau of Statistics, more than two -thirds of Germany (67.2%) of rare earths in Germany in 2022 were imported from China. And some metals are almost completely from China.
This dependence has also triggered deep concerns of European politics. Danielcaspary, chairman of the European Parliament/CPIC party group, claimed: "By stopping the supply of key raw materials, China can quickly unplug the European economy." He also said: "This dependence relies on It is more dangerous than the past dependence on Russia. In some areas, it is devastating. "
To this end, Feng Delin reiterated again in the European Parliament on April 18 that the European Union will implement a "risk" strategy. In particular critical areas, such as key raw materials, artificial intelligence, quantum computers, biological and military technology, it will reduce dependence on China.
According to Feng Delin, her institution will submit a document aimed at the control of European companies' foreign investment in sensitive fields.
But this was also opposed. Bernid Lange, chairman of the European Parliament Foreign Trade Commission of the Social Democratic Party, said: "Where to invest a company should be determined by the company itself." On the contrary, he urged the European Commission to accelerate the establishment of a new international trade agreement.
It is worth mentioning that in order to reduce risks through diversification, the European Union is also vigorously strengthening partnerships with India.
From May 15th to 16th, the European Union and India held the first meeting of the EU-India Trade and Technology Commission in Brussels.
At the press conference after the meeting, Europe and India mentioned the term "de -risk" many times, implicitly expressing a common desire to reduce dependence on the Chinese economy.
Although EU members have repeatedly stated that Brussels does not want to completely cut off the relationship with Beijing, it really wants to make it diversified. And this is exactly the advantage of India.
According to analysis, it is this force that is closer to the distance between India and the European Union. Vice Chairman of the European Commission Margaret Visteig(Margrethe Vestager)It even claims that the EU-India's partnership can be "injecting power" for Brussels' "de-risk" concept. 3. German enterprise attitude 
The German Economic Asia -Pacific Commission (APA) published a report entitled "Seize Opportunities and Reduce Risks -the German Economic Report on the Federal Government's China Strategy" in January this year, which systematically explained the committee of the committee.
In the "core information", the report clearly states: "Although geopolitical relations are becoming increasingly tense, it continues to maintain economic and technical relationships with China that meets the interests of Germany and the European Union. China is not only Germany's largest trading partner, but also for a long time. Important innovation base. "
The report said: "With the participation in China, Germany ensures its global competitiveness. Investment in China and exports to China ensure German jobs and value creation. The cooperation in terms of aspect is irreplaceable. "The words are true and the position is clear.
Although the title of the report also contains "reducing risks", the first is to "seize the opportunity". Here is a special report on the report on the "diversified strategy": "However, the diversified strategy cannot depend on the withdrawal of the Chinese market. It is important to use the opportunities of the Chinese market and develop and expand the new market. The circle of friends', that is, the economic relations with the market economy of the democratic system in a targeted manner, are not a solution for the German economy. On the contrary, the focus of diversification must be placed on further expanding the growth market in Asia, Africa and Latin America. superior."
It can be seen that the "diversification" expected by the German economy is not de -STD, but "using the opportunities of the Chinese market" and further expanding the Asian Africa and Latinaries.
From the current point of view, German companies in China are indeed optimistic about the Chinese market. On March 29, the German Institute of Economics (IW) in Cologne (IW) published a survey report written by the institute's expert Jürgenmatthes, entitled "The dependence of German companies to China is in China. Rising: The investment in 2021 and 2022 hit a new high ".
When the report opened the door, he wrote that "there is no sign of diversity", and pointed out: "The latest data from the German Federal Bank shows that in 2022, German companies invested 11.5 billion euros in China, more than ever."
The report also raised its investment in the previous two years: 2020 exceeded the estimated value of about 2 billion euros, and even increased by 4.2 billion euros in 2021. It also said that in 2021 and 2022, a total of 21.5 billion euros new direct investment flowed to China to China Essence The author Matters was amazed: "There is never such a large Chinese driving force."
In the reference, Matters listed the report published on August 19, 2022, "The Dependence of Germany's Economy to China: Empathy at the Full Speed in the False direction".
But from the above data, Germany's companies in China did not obey Mats' advice, but instead seized opportunities to build a new development pattern in China. This is really unexpected to the expert Mats.
Germany CEO and Chairman of the Asia -Pacific Committee of the German Economic Asia -Pacific (APA) Rolandbusch recently said in an interview with the Financial Times that for Siemens, withdrawing from the Chinese market that accounts for 13%of the company's revenue, "Not One choice. " He also said: "I will defend my market share. If I can, I will expand it."
After the Hiroshima Summit of the Seventh Kingdom Group, the German "Times Weekly" website wrote on May 22: "The Seventh Kingdom Group unanimously agreed to take the 'derived risk' as a common Chinese strategy."
But whether the above -mentioned strategy of Western countries can work is really doubtful. Because, as the German Economic Asia -Pacific Commission stated that it is through participation in China that Germany ensures its global competitiveness and ensures that German employment and value creation is a win -win situation. The diversified strategy cannot depend on the evacuation of the Chinese market. Instead, it is necessary to use the opportunities of the Chinese market while developing and expanding the new market. Germany's achievements in China so far prove this.
_ _ 吧 (Note: Dr. Yuan Jie is a Chinese scholar in Germany. This article only represents the author's personal point of view. Responsible for the mailbox bo.liu@ftchinese.com) _
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099971 
Europe is about to start the first shot of AI supervision (Free Version) 
Author: Kim Mackrael
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T04:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T04:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-14T23:02:00.000Z
Description: The progress of artificial intelligence this year has shook the technology industry, which has caused politicians, consumer groups, and AI executives to require the formulation of rules to regulate the use of this technology.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
artificial intelligence(AI)The progress made this year shakes the technology industry, which has caused politicians, consumer groups, and AI executives to request the formulation of rules to regulate the use of this technology.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E7%9A%84ai%E7%9B%91%E7%AE%A1%E6%AD%A3%E5%9C%A8%E6%88%90%E5%BD%A2-12766dd8 
Former AIIB competed by the Communist Party of China to manipulate Canadian recovery 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T04:42:00Z
Description: The AIIB is a multinational financial organization organized by China. On the 14th, it was kicked by employees. Its senior management was led by the Communist Party of China and was full of toxic culture inside. As one of the member states, Canada announced that it will temporarily freeze to investigate. How does the AIIB and China respond?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '加拿大', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['中加关系', '加拿大', '中国', '亚洲基础设施投资银行', 'AIIB', '亚投行']
Id: 65917899
In 2014, the AIIB was established in Beijing, and representatives of each founding member country attended the signing ceremony.
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) A Canadian supervisor who has already resigned on Wednesday (June 14) accused, Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB, referred to as the Asian Investment Bank) Hosted by the CCP. On the same day, Chrystia Freland, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance, said that the country is investigating for this and will freeze the relationship with the AIIB during the period.
AIIB headquarters in Beijing It is the world's first multilateral financial institution established by China. It aims to provide funds to governments in Asian countries and regions to support development projects such as infrastructure construction.
The agency has 106 countries and government members so far , Include most Asian countries, Australia, Russia, the United Kingdom and France, etc.; Canada joined March 2018 Japan and the United States have no participation. Germany is the fourth largest shareholder of the AIIB in the world and the largest shareholder outside Asia.
The former AIIB employee, named the AIIB, was named Bobpickard. After 15 months of working in the bank, he announced on the 14th that he had resigned from the bank's global liaison supervisor and criticized it. The bank management is "dominated by the Communist Party members" and is full of "toxic culture" within the organization. It does not think that the qualifications of the Asian investment bank members are in line with Canadian interests.
Big Bo wrote: "As a patriotic Canadian, this is my only choice." He also responded to netizens' message: "I have witnessed the extent of the bank's critical positions in the bank. Benefits the membership of the member. "
In this regard, Fang Huilan told Reuters that she had instructed the Ministry of Finance to investigate the allegations of the country and the participation of the country in the AIIB. action. According to the analysis of the report, this statement implies that Canada may further announce the official withdrawal from the AIIB.
The AIIB issued a statement through an email that the public remarks and descriptions proposed by Bigbo "have no basis and disappointment." The Wall Street Journal consulted the internal email of the AIIB that the president of the bank and the former deputy Minister of Finance of China, Jin Liqun, wrote to all employees on the 14th to acknowledge that these remarks may bring uncertainty to the company, but the blessing Biga Bobo will go well in the future.
The Chinese embassy in Canada responded to Reuters' comment request: "The saying that" the Asian Investment Bank is controlled by the Communist Party of China is just a lie. "
Canada and Germany are members of the AIIB. The picture shows Fang Huilan, Deputy Prime Minister and Treasury Secretary of Canada, welcomes German Prime Minister Shulz.

According to Reuters, Fang Huilan's speech marked the deterioration of Sino -Canadian relations. In the past 5 years, relations between the two countries have also been in the freezing point.
In May this year, Canada expelled a Chinese diplomat , Accusing him attempt to threaten Zhuang Wenhao and his relatives of the Conservative Parliament, and Beijing immediately sacrificed countermeasures to list a Canadian diplomat as "unpopular person" and asked her to leave China within the time limit.
Recently, many Canadian media have pointed out that China has intervened in Canada's 2019 and 2021 elections with political contributions, fake information of social media, and funding from Chinese volunteers to conduct voting mobilization. The Canadian government set up a project team for this investigation It means that the election results are not affected by foreign intervention.
When Canada joined the AIIB, it was already in power by the current Prime Minister Justintrudeau. The opposition party has long demanded that Otta Wahua withdrew from the bank, accusing the bank of Beijing's export of authoritarianism in the entire Pacific region.
Asia Investment Bank: Opportunities in Asia, China's opportunity? 
(Reuters, Wall Street Journal)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/亞投行前主管批中共操控-加拿大追查/a-65917899?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Japan talks about providing artillery shells to the United States to increase Ukrainian ammunition reserves (Free Version) 
Author: Alastair Gale
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T04:44:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T04:44:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-15T04:44:00.000Z
Description: Japan is talking about providing artillery shells to the United States to increase the ammunition reserves of Ukraine counterattack. For Japan, which has long -term restrictions on the export of fatal weapons, this move is a change.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Japan is talking about providing artillery shells to the United States to increase the ammunition reserves of Ukraine counterattack. For Japan, which has long -term restrictions on the export of fatal weapons, this move is a change.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%AC%E5%95%86%E8%B0%88%E5%90%91%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E6%8F%90%E4%BE%9B%E7%82%AE%E5%BC%B9-%E7%94%A8%E4%BA%8E%E5%A2%9E%E5%8A%A0%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E5%BC%B9%E8%8D%AF%E5%82%A8%E5%A4%87-6f539a91 
How does South Korea "turn waste waste into treasure"? 
Creator: JOHN YOON
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-15T04:56:27+08:00
Description: South Korea is banned from landing kitchen waste, and the government has established hundreds of treatment facilities to convert them into animal feed, fertilizer and family heating fuel. This method was praised, but critics said it did not achieve the goal of reducing food waste. CHANG W. Lee/The New York Times Seoul, a kitchen waste disposal facility.
Images: [" cqbg-master10... "]
Category: 亚太
Type: Article
 The world every year 1.4 billion tons of food Most of them entered the garbage landfill. Their rot will pollute water and soil, release a large amount of methane —— One of the most powerful greenhouse gases.
But this is not the case in South Korea. In the country, the country was prohibited from sending kitchen waste to landfills in the past 20 years ago. Here, the vast majority of kitchen waste is converted into animal feed, fertilizer and family heating fuel.
Kitchen waste is one of the biggest causes of climate change Not only because of methane, but also because of the energy and resources of food production and transportation.
Governments of various countries are studying Korean methods, and up to 90 % of waste foods here are processed by landfill and incineration. Officials from China, Denmark and other countries have visited related treatment facilities in South Korea. New York City will be required to [require all residents] next fall requests Separate kitchen waste and other garbage, a spokesman for the city's health department said that New York has been observing South Korea for many years.
advertise
Although many cities have similar projects, few countries have implemented this approach nationwide like South Korea. Research institution Project Drawdown Senior scientist Paul West said that this was due to cost. According to the Ministry of Environment of Korea, although individuals and enterprises pay a small amount of fees to deal with kitchen waste, the project still spends about $ 600 million in South Korea each year.
Nonetheless, experts such as West said that this method should be promoted. "Korean examples make a large -scale reduction of emission reduction," he said.
At a treatment point of Gaoyang, kitchen waste is separated from plastic bags.
Korean cooking traditions often bring surplus food. Most of the time, there are a few small side dishes for a meal, as many as a dozen. Over the years, almost all leftovers have been buried underground.
However, the country's multi -mountain terrain restricts the number of garbage landfills and cannot open away from the residential area. In 1995, the government promoted the compulsory recycling regulations of paper and plastic, but kitchen waste continued to bury with other garbage.
Liu Rongji, a researcher at the Seoul Research Institute operated by the government, has provided proposals for the treatment of kitchen waste disposal for many cities. He said that the complaints of the odor near the garbage landfill have promoted the occurrence of the smell from the politics. Essence Because Korean cuisine is mainly stewed, kitchen waste often has soup and water, which means that the size is larger and the smell is heavier.
Liu Rongji said, "The kitchen waste thrown away will make a terrible odor."
advertise
Since 2005, it is illegal to send kitchen waste to landfills in South Korea. Local governments have established hundreds of processing facilities. Consumers, restaurant owners, truck drivers and others are part of this network. The network collects kitchen waste and transforms into useful things.
The popular luncheon restaurant in Daofeng District, Seoul is the most popular with dried fish soup and kimchi pot. Regardless of what dishes, the owner Li Yiyan (sound) will carry various side dishes, including kimchi, tofu, boiled bean sprouts and pickled theme.
Li Yanyan visited his Seoul. The leftovers of the day will be concentrated in a bucket.
After snoring, Li Xiyan's restaurant will pour leftovers and leftovers into a dedicated barrel. The above stickers prove that he has paid the freight.
If you still need it, you can take themselves. "People will take more than they can eat," he said. "In terms of food, Koreans like to fill a large table."
Mr. Li has to pay the price for this: about 2,800 won per 20 liters of kitchen, which is about RMB 15. The leftovers can fall into the barrels of the kitchen, and then pour it into a designated trash can outside. He will post a sticker purchased from the district government on the barrel -proves that he has paid the garbage clearance freight.
In the morning, the company hired by the district government cleared these trash cans. Park Jingsu and his team shuttled on the streets from 5 am, tore off the stickers on the trash can, and poured the inside into the truck.
At around 11 am, they arrived at Daofeng's processing plant, where the mud -like garbage was removed.
advertise
The residue -bones, seeds, shells -they are picked up by hand. (Daofeng's factory is one of the last factories that have not automated this step in the country.) The conveyor belt sent the waste into the grinding machine into small pieces. Anything that is not easy to chopped, such as plastic bags, will be filtered and burned.
Then bake and dehydrate the waste. Water enters the pipeline to the water treatment workshop, some of which are used to produce biogas. The rest were purified and discharged into the nearby stream.
After four hours of garbage from the team of Park Junzhu, the remaining wastes left by the processing plant were grinded into the final product: a dry brown powder, smelling like dirt. Shen Yunzhi, the manager of the facility, said that it can be used as a feed supplement for chickens and ducks, rich in protein and fiber, and gives it to any farm willing to receive.
In the factory, a strong smell is attached to the fabric and hair. But it was almost impossible to smell outside. The pipelines in the building will purify the gas with chemical methods, and then discharge from the exhaust device.

In a kitchen waste treatment facility in Daofeng District, the staff is moving animal feed, and they will be given to farmers.
Other treatment plants have different ways to work. Among the biogas facilities in Gaoyang City, Seoul, food garbage — nearly 70,000 tons per year -is anaerobic digestion. Place the garbage in the large container for 35 days to allow the bacteria to play a role, decompose organic matter and produce biogas mainly composed of methane and carbon dioxide.
Biogas was sold to a local public institutional company, which is said to be heating for 3,000 households in Gaoyang. The remaining solid substances are mixed with wood chips to make fertilizers, and then distributed.
advertise
Researchers have found that every ton of food garbage rotten in the landfills will be discharged from greenhouse gases equivalent to 800 pounds of carbon dioxide. Li Changji, an engineer of Gaoyang Treatment Plant, said that transformation into biogas can reduce emissions by halving.
Critics pointed out that although South Korea's plans bring various benefits, it has not achieved one of its goals: let people waste food less. According to data from the Ministry of Environment, the amount of food discarded throughout the country has not changed for many years.
The fertilizers produced by Gaoyang biological energy facilities were transported to a farm in Gaoyang.
Fertilizes produced by energy facilities in Gaoyang Farm to plant lettuce and vegetables.
There are other defects in the system. There are also intermittent complaints: residents in a village in Deyang District, Deyang District, Gaoyang City said that the smell of a processing plant was very unpleasant, so that they could not open the windows. Due to the protest of neighbors, the factory has been suspending since 2018.
"After the factory was closed, all problems disappeared," said Mo Songyun, a 68 -year -old resident of Deyang.
But most factories across the country -unlike their actually replaced garbage landfills -almost have no serious complaints from neighbors. Government officials said that steadily improving technology has contributed to cleaner and more efficient operations.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/asia-pacific/20230615/south-korea-food-waste/ 
The Canadian government frozen in all AIIB activities (Free Version) 
Authors: ['李若瑟', '阿尔琼•尼尔•阿利姆', '詹姆斯•波利提']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T05:18:39+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T01:08:99+08:00
Description: The person in charge of the communication department of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the Canadian Bicker Bo Bo said that members of the Communist Party of China control the bank. He resigned and flew to Tokyo.
Images: [" 000184464_pic... "]
Themes: ['亚投行', '关注']
Keywords: ['亚投行', '中加关系', '加拿大', '中国共产党']
Type: Article
 Canada frozen in this "China Bank of China(Worldbank)"All the activities in the multilateral loan institution, a senior official of the AIIB, resigned, and said that the bank was managed by the Communist Party of China by the" internal secret police ".
Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, headquartered in Beijing(Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank)The person in charge of the communication department, the Canadian Bi Jiabo(BobPickard)He said that he flew to Tokyo because he was worried about his safety on Wednesday. Earlier, he had expressed concern that the CCP had penetrated the bank.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099972 
China strengthens Middle East diplomacy and proposes to mediate the FREE Version (Free Version) 
Authors: ['詹姆斯•肖特', '杨缘']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T05:23:22+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T01:22:99+08:00
Description: After the Saudi Arabia and Iran unexpectedly restored diplomatic relations, Beijing continued to seek expanding its diplomatic role in the Middle East.
Images: [" 000184466_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国外交', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国外交', '巴以关系', '中东', '巴勒斯坦']
Type: Article
 China has proposed to mediate between the two opposite factions of Palestine and facilitate Palestine's recovery of peace talks with Israel. This is the latest sign of Beijing's intention to expand its diplomatic role in the Middle East.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Palestinian national power institutions(Palestinian Authority)Chairman Mahamad Abbas(Muhammadabes)During the talks held in Beijing on Wednesday, the two leaders also announced the establishment of China -Pakistan strategic partnership.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099973 
AMD super chip directly played against the "trillion dollars" Free Version 
Author: Dan Gallagher
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T05:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T05:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-15T04:25:00.000Z
Description: AMD launched a "super chip" to directly lead the leader of the battle industry.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000979975
Type: Article
Advanced Micro Devices Inc.(AMD, referred to as AMD)I got a competitor with a scale of 10 times its scale Only to achieve the current achievements. The difficult part is here.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/amd%E8%B6%85%E7%BA%A7%E8%8A%AF%E7%89%87%E7%9B%B4%E6%8E%A5%E5%AF%B9%E6%88%98-%E4%B8%87%E4%BA%BF%E7%BE%8E%E5%85%83-%E8%8B%B1%E4%BC%9F%E8%BE%BE-cc87cfa8 
The European Union claims that it may seek to split the advertising technology business (Free Version) 
Author: Sam Schechner / Kim Mackrael
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T06:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T06:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-14T22:37:00.000Z
Description: The highest antitrust regulatory agency in Europe has accused Google abuse its dominant position in the online advertising technology industry, saying that it may seek to spin the advertising technology business of this technology giant.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000979649
Type: Article
The highest antitrust regulatory agency in Europe has accused Google(Google)The abuse of its dominant position in the online advertising technology industry, saying that it may seek to split the advertising technology business of Google.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%AC%A7%E7%9B%9F%E7%A7%B0%E5%8F%AF%E8%83%BD%E5%AF%BB%E6%B1%82%E5%88%86%E6%8B%86%E8%B0%B7%E6%AD%8C%E7%9A%84%E5%B9%BF%E5%91%8A%E6%8A%80%E6%9C%AF%E4%B8%9A%E5%8A%A1-708b4f99 
US investment banks abandon some Chinese companies to go to Hong Kong's IPO trading commission (Free Version) 
Author: Dave Sebastian
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T06:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T06:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-15T03:30:00.000Z
Description: The confidence of international investors' confidence in China's IPO transactions has severely deteriorated, prompting investment banks to withdraw their potential listing transactions, and it is difficult for small IPOs to sell.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000979476
Type: Article
The confidence of international investors' confidence in China's IPO transactions has severely deteriorated, prompting investment banks to withdraw their potential listing transactions, and it is difficult for small IPOs to sell.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E6%8A%95%E8%A1%8C%E6%94%BE%E5%BC%83%E9%83%A8%E5%88%86%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8%E8%B5%B4%E6%B8%AFipo%E4%BA%A4%E6%98%93%E5%A7%94%E6%89%98-c15d185a 
Although housing prices are soft, Chinese real estate stocks are rising in the Hong Kong stock market (Free Version) 
Author: Bingyan Wang
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T06:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T06:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-15T05:29:00.000Z
Description: Although the data shows that the Chinese real estate market has slowed further, it is hoped to boost the hope of further interest rate cuts, and Chinese real estate stocks have risen on Thursday.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Although the data shows that the Chinese real estate market has slowed further, it is hoped to boost the hope of further interest rate cuts, and Chinese real estate stocks have risen on Thursday.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%B0%BD%E7%AE%A1%E6%88%BF%E4%BB%B7%E8%B5%B0%E8%BD%AF-%E4%B8%AD%E8%B5%84%E6%88%BF%E5%9C%B0%E4%BA%A7%E8%82%A1%E5%9C%A8%E9%A6%99%E6%B8%AF%E8%82%A1%E5%B8%82%E4%B8%8A%E6%B6%A8-19a5580e 
At least 79 people died and hundreds of people disappeared in the Greek waters. 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-15T06:41:27.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T06:41:27.000Z
Description: This is one of the most fatal immigration shipwrecks this year. It is said that there are as many as 500 to 700 people on board, far exceeding the ship's carrier capacity.
Images: [" _130093305_fd... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['歐洲', '难民和寻求庇护者', '希腊', '农民工']
Type: Article
Greek waters reappear at least 79 people died and hundreds of people disappeared 
6:41 am on June 15, 2023![] Image source, hellenic coast guard
Image adding text,
The Greek authorities announced the picture before the fishing boat covered
A fishing boat carrying refugees overwhelmed the coast of the southern Greece and sank, causing at least 79 people to die. 
Greek officials said that more than a hundred people have been rescued, but hundreds of people are still missing.
The authorities said that this was one of Greece's most serious immigration tragedy, announcing three days of mourning in the country.
The fishing boat sank about 80 kilometers southwest of Pylos, and the Coast Defense Force previously said that the fishing boat refused to accept rescue.
The Coastal Defense Force stated that on Tuesday evening, the European border and the Coast Guard (Frostex) found the ship in the international waters, and no one on the ship wore a life jacket.
What is the difference between immigration, refugees and seekers? Rwanda resettlement plan in the UK: Some refugees say "no one will accept" How many refugees did Russia invade Ukraine, where did they go? Behind the nationality of buying and selling passports: Unveil the global huge profit industry Looking at the four most dangerous illegal immigration routes in the world from the crowd tragedy * Rainforest, robbers, and "American Dream": post -90s Chinese people smuggling "Runmei" new route The Greek National Radio and Television Company quoted the timetable for the transportation department that the authorities had repeatedly contacted the ship with the ship call to provide help, but the fishing boat repeatedly stated: "We only want to continue to Italy."
A few hours later, local on Wednesday at 01:40 (standard time of Greenwich 23:40). It is said that someone on the ship notified the Greek Coast Defense Force that the engine of the fishing boat was faulty.
Soon after the ship was covered, it was completely sinking in just 10 to 15 minutes. The authorities launched search and rescue operations, but became difficult due to strong winds.
The support of the refugee hotline "Alarm Phone" said that the Coast Defense Force "had known the ship's adventure for several hours before sending any help", and said that the authorities had a problem with the fishing vessel "learned from different channels."
The organization added that immigrants on the ship may be afraid to face the Greek authorities because they know that the country's "terrible systems are used to deal with refugees."
serious overload 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Survivor of the Return Center
It is believed that this fishing boat is from Libya to Italy, and most people on board are considered men in their 20s.
According to local media reports, they have sailed for a few days. Some reports said that on Tuesday afternoon, a Malta cargo ship with food and water was approaching the ship.
There are survivors that there are as many as 500 to 700 people on the ship. Yianniskarvelis, a local health department official, said that this is an unprecedented tragedy. "The number of people on the boat is far beyond the carrying capacity."
Captain coastal defense, Nikolaos Alexiou, told public television that his colleagues saw people crowded on the deck, and the ship sank in the deepest part of the Mediterranean.
The authorities have not announced the nationality of the victims. Survives were sent to Kalamata, and many people were sent to hospital for doctors due to low body temperature or minor injuries.
The Greek National Radio and Television Company reported that three people suspected of being a vendor were taken to Karamarta's central port department.
Greek President Katerina Sakellaropoulou visited some survivors and expressed sadness to the deceased.
Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
Those who have surviving need to be sent to the hospital for treatment
Hundreds of people die every year when trying to cross the Mediterranean. In February this year, a ship carrying immigrants was covered near Cutro in Cutro in the Calabria region in southern Italy.
Officials of Greek Immigration, Yiorgos Michaelidis, was interviewed by the BBC program. People who really need it, not just those who have money to pay for stealing fees. "
He said, "Now the population smugglers determine who comes to Europe."
"It is to provide asylum, help and security for those who really need it. This is not a problem for Greece, Italy or Cyprus ... The EU is the party that must reach a valid immigration policy."
Greece is one of the main channels for the Middle East, Asia and African refugees and immigrants to enter the European Union.
Last month, a film showed that the Greek government forcibly expelled immigrants drifting at sea and was criticized by the international community.
According to UN data, more than 70,000 refugees and immigrants arrived in the frontline countries in Europe this year, and most of them landed in Italy.European immigrant workers are difficult to get salary
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65912553 
Facing the EU antitrust allegations to Google is facing the risk of spin -off 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T07:12
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T07:13
Description: The European Union initiated antitrust allegations on Google, alleging that Google abused its advantageous position in advertising technology to suppress competition. The indictment directly hit the core of the US company's revenue model and may force Google to strip this profitable business. EU Competitive Affairs Specialist Margaret Vita ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['欧盟', '谷歌', 'Alphabet', '广告', '股价']
The European Union initiated antitrust allegations on Google, alleging that Google abused its advantageous position in advertising technology to suppress competition. The indictment directly hit the core of the US company's revenue model and may force Google to strip this profitable business.
EU Competitive Affairs Specialist Margrethe Vestager said that Alphabetinc. This subsidiary of this subsidiary supports its own advertising and trading programs rather than competitors, strengthening its advertising technology supply chain The core role, and its ability to charge high service fees. She said at a press conference on Wednesday (June 14) that if the committee determined that Google had illegal acts, Google may be forced to peel off some advertising sales services.
"On the so -called advertising technology supply chain, there are Google figures in almost all levels ... We initially worried that Google may have used its market position to support its own intermediary services."
Bloomberg reported that the key is that the European Commission said that if Google is required to take relief behavior, it may not be enough to correct abuse, which means that Google may be demanded to peel off the advertising technology business from core services.
Dantaylor, vice president of Google Global Advertising, said in a statement: "Google is still committed to creating value for our publishers and advertisers partners in this fierce competitive field ... A narrow level is not a new thing. We do not agree with the views of the European Commission, and we will make a corresponding response. "
Affected by this news, Google's stock price fell 0.5%in the pre -market transaction to $ 123.20(165.33 Singapore)。
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404450 
Vivatech Paris unveiled Macong: France will become AI leaders 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T07:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T07:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 14th) French President Emmanuel Macron, one of the largest European science and technology events in Paris, said in a conversation in Paris. sheep.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Markhong announced another 500 million euros (NT $ 16.65 billion) funds to "create artificial intelligence champions" and appreciate plans for French people, because all walks of life are increasingly worried about SiliconValley enterprises to promote English dominance artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial manual Smart system.
Elonmusk, the boss of Twitter and the CEO of Tesla, is expected to appear in the science and technology ceremony on the 16th. At that time, he may talk about his new brain chip company Neuralink. Neuralink has recently obtained human tests that the United States approves the execution of brain transplant chips, which is expected to treat paralysis, blindness and mental -related diseases.
More than 2,000 companies display their own products from Vivatech held from the 14th to 17th. From the AI robot that allows users to "chat" from the expansion reality (AR) skiing mask to the old Dutch Master Van Gogh.
The exhibition is expected to attract tens of thousands of people to join the event, and the public will open on the 17th.
Mark Hong is a frequent visitor to Vivatech, and his commitment this year will exacerbate Europe's competition in artificial intelligence technology. Britain has recently issued a series of statements.
Mark Hong confirmed that he would meet with Musk on the 16th earlier. He also talked about improving the level of artificial intelligence training to create several excellent computing centers (COE).
He went on stage with several French startups, including Mistral AI, which was established only one month. Mistralai announced this week that it has raised 105 million euros to set a financing record for the French AI company.
Mark Hong also encouraged the European Union to pass artificial intelligence as soon as possible, but warned not to supervise without investing.
He said: "The worst situation is that European investment is far lower than the United States and China, but it is proceed to formulate regulatory specifications. This situation may happen, but I do not support it."
Since 2021, the EU's "AI ACT" has been discussing repeatedly in the legislative procedures of this league, and it is unlikely to take effect within a few years. (Translator: Liu Wenyu/Calculating Draft: Xu Ruicheng)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%BC%A4%E7%BA%B7%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C/20230615-vivatech%E5%B7%B4%E9%BB%8E%E6%8F%AD%E5%B9%95-%E9%A9%AC%E5%85%8B%E5%AE%8F-%E6%B3%95%E5%9B%BD%E8%A6%81%E6%88%90%E4%B8%BAai%E9%A2%86%E5%A4%B4%E7%BE%8A 
The Federal Reserve maintains the federal fund interest rate target range and will raise interest rates again during the year 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T07:37
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T07:43
Description: The Federal Reserve Commission maintains the federal fund interest rate target range at a level of 5%to 5.25%unchanged, in line with general expectations. This is the decision to suspend interest rate hikes after ten consecutive interest rate hikes since the beginning of last year.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['鲍威尔', '美国联邦储备局', '通货膨胀', '加息', '货币政策', '国内生产总值']
The Federal Reserve Commission maintains the federal fund interest rate target range at a level of 5%to 5.25%unchanged, in line with general expectations. This is the decision to suspend interest rate hikes after ten consecutive interest rate hikes since the beginning of last year.
The Federal Reserve Committee issued a statement on Wednesday (June 14) after a two -day monetary policy meeting, emphasizing that maintaining the federal fund interest rate target unchanged, which will enable the committee to evaluate more information. The rate drops to the target of 2%.
The China News Agency quoted the statement that the recent indicators showed that American economic activities continued to grow moderately. In recent months, employment has grown strongly, and the unemployment rate has remained low, but the inflation rate is still high. The American banking system is sound and tough. The tightening of the credit conditions of families and enterprises may cause pressure on economic activities, employment and inflation, and the degree of related impact is still uncertain.
The statement states that the Fed still pays attention to inflation risk. In order to achieve full employment and inflation targets, the Fed decided to maintain the level of federal fund interest rate targets at a level of 5%to 5.25%, so that the committee can evaluate more information and its impact on monetary policy. When determining additional policy tightening of inflation targets, the Fed will consider the accumulation of monetary policy, the impact of monetary policy on economic activities, and the development of economic and financial development. The Fed will continue to reduce the size of the balance sheet as planned.
The Fed also announced an economic forecast that has attracted much attention from the financial market. Compared with the summary of March, the Fed will increase the mid -value growth rate of this year's actual domestic product (GDP) this year's growth rate of 0.6 percentage points to 1%. 0.3 percentage points were adjusted to 3.9%. In the summary, the interest rate hike path shows that the federal fund interest rate will reach 5.6%by the end of 2023, an increase of 0.5 percentage points from before, implying that it may raise interest rates twice this year.
Powell, chairman of the Federal Reserve, said at a press conference after the monetary policy meeting that the core PCE price index has been higher than 4.5%in the past six months. And fall ". Powell said that considering factors such as the lag of monetary policy on the economic impact and the potential adverse effects of credit tightening, Federal Reserve officials decided to suspend interest rate hikes. However, almost all officials who have the right to vote in monetary policy believe that it is still necessary to further raise interest rates.
The Wall Street Journal quoted analysts and said that the Federal Reserve hinted in the statement that it would be temporary at the current level. This is just a measure that officials to better manage interest rate hikes. The market response shows that investors have doubts about the operation logic of "suspending and raising interest rates", because it is not as direct as "continuously continuously raising interest rates and remained stable". Powell gave an explanation at a press conference, but his speech also showed that the current inflation is more stubborn than expected by officials.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404452 
New Zealand fell into an economic recession in early 2023 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T08:09
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T08:10
Description: The New Zealand economy entered a technological decline at the beginning of the year, and the economy contracted in the second quarter in a row, a decrease of 0.1%. Agence France -Presse reported that data released by the New Zealand Statistics Bureau on Thursday (June 15) showed that following 0.7%after the fourth quarter of 2022, before 2023 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['新西兰', '经济', '技术性衰退', '国内生产总值']
The New Zealand economy entered a technological decline at the beginning of the year, and the economy contracted in the second quarter in a row, a decrease of 0.1%.
According to AFP, the data released by the New Zealand Statistics Bureau on Thursday (June 15) showed that following the decline of 0.7%in the fourth quarter of 2022, the domestic GDP (GDP) in the first three months of 2023 fell Technical definition.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404454 
Chinese State Council Prime Minister Li Qiang visited Germany from 18 to 23 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T08:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T08:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Beijing, 15th) Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Wang Wenbin announced today that Prime Minister of the State Council of China will visit Germany and France from June 18th to 23rd. This is his first visit after he took office in March.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Wang Wenbin said that at the invitation of German Prime Minister Olafscholz and the French government, Li Qiang will conduct formal visit to Germany from June 18th to 23rd, and hold the seventh round of China -German government consultation, formally visit France and attend the new global world. Financing Contract Summit.
This is the first visit to Li Qiang's first visit after serving as the Premier of the State Council, and the target is Germany and France.
The new Global Financing Contract Summit, which Li Qiang went to France on the 22nd and 23rd, was called by French President Emmanuelmacron, mainly focusing on global climate change. Earlier Mark Hong's visit to China has invited China to participate.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%9B%BD%E5%8A%A1%E9%99%A2%E6%80%BB%E7%90%86%E6%9D%8E%E5%BC%BA18%E8%87%B323%E6%97%A5%E8%AE%BF%E9%97%AE%E5%BE%B7%E6%B3%95 
China will use the deposit insurance fund to pay the Henan Village Bank of Henan Village Bank (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Leng', '罗宾•哈丁']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T08:51:00+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T03:39:99+08:00
Description: The People's Bank of China agrees to share the cost of paying for savings with local governments, which establishes a precedent for solving the future financial crisis.
Images: [" 000184497_pic... "]
Themes: ['存款保险', '关注']
Keywords: ['存款保险', '中国银行业', '银行', '高端专享']
Type: Article
 China plans to allocate more than 10 billion yuan from the National Deposit Insurance Fund to part of the online deposits of some villages and towns banks in Henan, which will establish an important precedent for China to respond to the future financial crisis.
Two officials who understand relevant discussions said that the Bank of China(PBoC)It has been agreed to pay the online deposit deposit with the local government of Henan Province to clarify the issue of paying the deposit insurance system under what circumstances.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099974 
Australian councilor exploded his colleagues and his colleagues were suspended from participating in the party meeting 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T09:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T08:35:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 15th) David Van, a member of the Australian parliament, was accused of violating another female member. The Liberal Party he belonged today ruled that Fan En suspended to participate in the party meeting, while Fan En strongly denied these charges.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The conservative member Fan En said today that he was "extremely sad" to the local media that he was "raised" to the local media.
Although these allegations proposed by Thopp were exempted from the strict restrictions of the Australian slanderous law, Supu said that Fan En has hired a lawyer on the matter, and she had to re -state her case to cope with Congress.
Fan En's Liberal Party today made a suspension of Fan En to participate in the party meeting because of relevant allegations.
Liberal Party leader Peter Dutton said he had met with Fan En and made a "decision." He believed that "he should not continue to participate in the Liberal Party Conference."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E6%BE%B3%E8%AE%AE%E5%91%98%E7%88%86%E4%BE%B5%E7%8A%AF%E5%90%8C%E5%83%9A-%E9%81%AD%E6%89%80%E5%B1%9E%E6%94%BF%E5%85%9A%E6%9A%82%E5%81%9C%E5%8F%82%E4%B8%8E%E5%85%9A%E5%86%85%E4%BC%9A%E8%AE%AE 
International Energy Agency: Global oil demand growth will slow down significantly 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T09:04
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T09:04
Description: The International Energy Agency (IEA) pointed out that global oil demand growth will gradually weaken in the next few years. In addition to high oil prices, the Ukrainian war has also accelerated the transformation of the world from fossil fuel to clean energy. Bloomberg reported that the Energy Department predicted that oil consumption increased in 2024 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['国际能源署', '石油', '油价', '清洁能源', '化石燃料']
International Energy Agency(IEA)It is pointed out that the growth of global oil demand will gradually weaken in the next few years. In addition to high oil prices, Ukrainian War It also accelerates the transformation of the world from fossil fuel to clean energy.
Bloomberg reports that the Energy Department predicts that the growth of oil consumption in 2024 will be half of the first two years. With the promotion of electric vehicles, the market demand will be reduced in the next few years. IEA believes that in view of the increase in production capacity, the market will remain "sufficient supply" by 2028.
The Energy Department said: "The world's growth in oil demand will slow down and will basically stagnate in the next few years ... the transformation of the clean energy economy is accelerating, and global oil demand will be seen before 2030."
For the country, oil consumption countries have worked hard from fossil fuel to clean energy for many years, in order to limit greenhouse gas emissions and avoid catastrophic climate change. After Russia attacked Ukraine in early 2022, oil prices soared, and the idea of transformation was even stronger.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404459 
The European Parliament passed the support of Hong Kong resolutions to promote sanctions against Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao and release Li Zhiying 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T09:17:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T09:21:29-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The European Parliament was in favor of a large -scale ratio on Thursday (15th), and passed a resolution that supported Hong Kong IPAC Twitter Screenshot European Parliament was in favor of large -scale on Thursday (15th) at noon, and passed a resolution that supported Hong Kong. Democrats who were convicted or detained, and once again called on the EU Council to sanction Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachang and others to participate in the human rights of Hong Kong human rights in accordance with the EU global human rights sanctions system. The motion was proposed by German Member Reinhard Bütikofer and Slovakians Miriamlexmann. It is mentioned that Beijing's implementation of the National Security Law and the Apple Daily in Hong Kong were forced to close, and the founder Li Zhiying was arrested. Vice Chairman Deng Jianhua and 32 former chairman Mai Yanting, former chairman of the Hong Kong Records Association, were detained by the Hong Kong police on the recent "June 4th" anniversary. The resolution also expressed deep attention to Zou Xingtong, former vice chairman of the former branch association, and former Legislative Council member who was still unreasonably withdrawn in cancer. He expressed deep attention. The resolution called for the European Ministry of Foreign Affairs to support the EU's Hong Kong offices to strengthen its court observation and coordinate with EU member states and like -minded countries to allow governments at all levels to pay attention to the cases of Hong Kong human rights defenders. The resolution called on the European Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the EU office to regularly report important trials on a regular basis, and called on the office to propose the requirements for exploration and supervision. The resolution also expressed deep attention to Chinese and Hong Kong people with official and unofficial means to continue to implement external monitoring and intimidation of Chinese and Hong Kong people, calling on the EU and its member states to thoroughly investigate and close any channels to help China implement the cross -border suppression campaign, protect the protection Disadpost in Europe. Lexman, a member of the European Parliament, who proposed the motion, said that he looked forward to the EU member states to take practical actions to support Hong Kong and Li Zhiying. Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Responsible: Shen Yan
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/al-06152023091402.html 
German media: The US -China Intelligence Bureau warned Ukraine to bomb Beixi Pipeline 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T09:32:00Z
Description: According to the investigation of Dew Guanglian and the Times Weekly, three months before the explosion case of Beixi gas pipeline explosion last year, the American CIA warned Ukraine not to attack this. A week ago, the Washington Post disclosed that CIA learned that Ukraine had such a destruction plan last June and Germany knew it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '欧债危机', '俄罗斯', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '德国', '留学德国', '专题报道：“8·12”天津滨海爆炸事件', '留学德国']
Keywords: ['北溪', '天然气管道', '爆炸', '乌克兰', '美国', '中情局', 'CIA', '俄罗斯', '德国', '情报']
Id: 65851192
The Washington Post reported that the CIA wrote an intelligence report on the Beixi explosion plan according to the information provided by a Ukraine, and shared the report with Germany and other countries in Germany and Europe in June 2022.
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) Due Guanglian, German "Times Weekly", and Dutch Public Broadcasting and Television NOS survey reported that the Dutch Military Intelligence Agency MIVD first got the news that Ukraine might plan to attack Beixi natural gas pipeline last June, and then Informing the intelligence agencies of allies such as the United States and Germany. After receiving the report, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency warned that the Ukraine should not implement such plans. After the explosion in September last year, the Dutch Military Intelligence Agency also reported to the intelligence agencies of various countries that the attacker may come from Ukraine. However, the clues pointing to Ukraine so far are not enough to accurately prove the specific identity of the attacker.
One week ago, the Washington Post also reported that in June last year, American Central Love Bureau (CIA) Intelligence from a European intelligence agency learned that the action team composed of six members from Ukraine Special Forces was preparing to bomb Beixi Natural Gas Pipeline in a secret diving operation.
These intelligences were shared by the US Air Force National Guard Jackteixeira on the communication software Discord. In April of this year, Tesyra was arrested for leaning US military secrets. The Washington Post has obtained a copy of these intelligence from a netizen in Tessira.
It is reported that according to the information provided by a Ukrainian, the CIA wrote an intelligence report on the Beixi explosion plan, and in June 2022, with [Germany],(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/北溪爆炸疑云不散-德国当局选择沉默/a-64786212)I shared this report with other European countries.
The report also pointed out that officials in many European countries have confirmed that the intelligence briefing leaked in Discord is consistent with the content of the Intelligence Bureau of the European Intelligence Department.
It is reported that the participants who destroyed the plan directly towards the Ukrainian Armed Forces Commander Vallery Zarushni(Valerijsalschnyj)Reported. The relevant Ukrainian personnel deliberately concealed the plan to President Zelezki, so that he could more crediblely denied Ukraine's responsibilities.
U.S. National Security Council spokesman John Kobe(John Kirby)On Monday (June 5), the investigation of the Beixi explosion was actively carried out. He said he would not comment on the case investigating.
The Russian Embassy in the United States said on Wednesday that the "Washington Post" reported that the content of the United States about the plan before the Beixi natural gas pipeline explosion was part of Western countries trying to confuse the facts of the facts.
Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine last February, Europe's dependence on Russia's natural gas has become the focus of politics. On September 26, the Beixi Natural Gas Pipeline Project Beixi No. 1 and Beixi II, located in the Beixi Natural Gas Pipeline Project of Russia to Germany, exploded on the same day, causing a large amount of natural gas to leak into nearby waters. Two pipelines are usually maintained by Russian Natural Gas Industry Co., Ltd.
The explosion of Beixi natural gas pipelines accelerated the transformation in Europe's search for other energy suppliers.
Russia originally planned to pass the two natural gas pipelines through Beixi every year Send to Germany 110 billion cubic meters of natural gas.
The Washington Post pointed out in the report that the newspaper agreed that the US government proposed that due to the consideration of the source of faith and the risk of action, the name of the European intelligence institutions in the report and the requirements of some parts of this suspicious plan Essence
The CIA did not immediately reply to the relevant inquiries raised by Reuters.
The Beixi pipeline explosion occurred in the exclusive economic zone of Sweden and Denmark. Both countries believe that the explosion is artificially occurred, but it has not yet determined the planner and executor of the explosion.
Both Washington and NATO call the Beixi explosion as "destructive behavior". Moscow has accused Western investigators of dragging, trying to cover up who is the real behind -the -scenes black hand.
Earlier this year, the media in the United States and Germany had reported that investigations and intelligence showed that the explosion of Beixi II Pipeline last September may be related to the group of pro -Ukraine Essence But the Ukrainian government and military intelligence officials said they did not participate in the attack and did not know who launched it.
How to protect the natural gas pipeline from being eliminated by artificial destruction? 
(Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德媒：美中情局曾警告乌克兰勿炸北溪管道/a-65851192?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
FIFA finalizes the women's football World Cup expansion broadcast agreement 34 countries to join 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T09:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T09:20:05+00:00
Description: (AFP, Lausanne, 14th) The International Football Association (FIFA) announced today that it has reached an agreement with the European Broadcasting Alliance (EBU) to broadcast the 2023 Women's Football World Cup to prevent the five major European football countries from being able to broadcast this event, which will produce the emergence of this event, which will produce. dispute.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Aiming at the women's football World Cup in Australia and New Zealand in July and August, the FMB has been deadlocked with France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and Britain in the past.
FIPA President Gianniinfantino stated on the official website: "The FIFA is very happy to expand the agreement with the European Broadcasting Alliance and expand the broadcast scope of the FIFA World Cup to its existing broadcast network. Five major markets, namely France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Britain, as well as Ukraine to ensure the maximum exposure of this competition. "
The financial details of this agreement were not announced. Broadcasting countries increased from the original 28 countries to 34 countries.
For the broadcast of the broadcasts of these five European countries, Jinyuan is lower than the men's World Cup, and Yingfan Tinuo has always criticized continuously; in Europe, the major problem will meet the time difference, which means that the broadcast time of many competitions will fall in the early morning of Europe in Europe. , But Yingfan Tino believes that this is not an excuse.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230615-fifa%E6%95%B2%E5%AE%9A%E5%A5%B3%E8%B6%B3%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C%E6%9D%AF%E6%89%A9%E5%A4%A7%E8%BD%AC%E6%92%AD%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE-34%E5%9B%BD%E5%8A%A0%E5%85%A5 
Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang is about to visit Germany and France 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T09:38:00Z
Description: The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that the Premier Li Qiang of the State Council will officially visit Germany and France from June 18th to June 23rd. According to the plan, he will participate in the Sino -German government consultation in Berlin and attend the new global financing contract summit in Paris.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '法国总统', '德国总理', '欧中关系', '李强', '中国总理', '国家安全战略', '中国战略', '对华战略']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65919704
Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang is about to visit Germany and France 
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that the Premier Li Qiang of the State Council will officially visit Germany and France from June 18th to June 23rd. According to the plan, he will participate in the Sino -German government consultation in Berlin and attend the new global financing contract summit in Paris.

Xi Jinping's new deputy -Li Qiang 
(Voice of Germany Chinese), a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Wang Wenbin disclosed at a routine press conference on June 15 that Li Qiang's plan to visit Germany and France emphasized that this trip was "German Prime Minister Shuerz, French government invitation ".
This will also be the first visit to abroad. As the former secretary of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee of the Communist Party of China, Li Qiang was considered one of the closest allies of President Xi Jinping.
On June 14, the German Federal Government just released the German national security strategy It mentioned that China "put regional stability and national security under increasing pressure" and accused the Chinese government of ignoring human rights. At the press conference, Prime Minister Shulz was asked what kind of signal the strategy conveyed to Beijing. He replied: "The focus is on that China will continue to economic growth, and the process of China's integration of international trade and the world economy should not be damaged. "Scharsez also said that Germany must also consider" the security problem arising from this, and once again emphasized that Germany "does not want to decompose, but wants to be out of risk."
Li Qiang is considered to be one of the closest allies of President Xi Jinping
After formulating a national security strategy, the German government will also introduce a new strategy to China on this basis. However, according to Reuters from the people in the government circle, the new strategy for China will not be released before the German -Chinese government on June 20. Li Qiang will visit France immediately after visiting Germany. The new Global Financing Contract Summit, which he plans to attend during the visit to France, will be chaired by French President Macron. The French Presidential Palace stated that the summit aims to "raise private and public funds for the places that the earth and humans need most", for climate protection, poverty alleviation, and biodiversity.
(Agence France -Presse)
_ © 2023___Dian Voice of Germany Copyright Statement: All the contents of this article are protected by copyright law. If there is no German voice, it is particularly authorized and shall not be used without authorization. Any improper behavior will lead to recovery and be criminally investigated. _ _ 吧 #
related information 
[
The first national security strategy China is an opponent or a partner. 
After a long dispute and game between the ruling party, Germany finally introduced the first national security strategy. In this security strategy, the federal government explained how to deal with the threats from external and inside in the future, and defines China as "partners, competitors and systemic opponents."
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国出台首份国家安全战略-中国是对手也是伙伴/a-65912004) [
German Guoan Strategy: Can't call it out 
The new strategy of the German federal government has been brewing for a long time, and one major reason is that the German national security strategy as its foundation is difficult to produce. There are huge differences in ruling three parties around these two documents. Now, it is reported that at least the national security strategy is expected to be announced on June 14.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国国安战略千呼万唤不出来/a-65872459) [
Chairman of the German Social Democratic Party meet with Li Qiang and Wang Huning 
Klins Bayer, chairman of the German Social Democratic Party who visited China, held a meeting with the Prime Minister of the State Council of China on June 6 and Wang Huning, Chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. According to Germany, the meeting with Wang Huning was "far beyond the predetermined duration." Klin Bayer said in social media on June 7 that "China is an important partner in Europe."
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国社民党主席与李强王沪宁会晤/a-65840875)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国总理李强即将出访德法两国/a-65919704?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
How much Qian is doing: how Saudi Crown Princes change from international "abandoning children" 
Creator: BEN HUBBARD
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-15T09:44:57+08:00
Description: Using Saudi Arabia's wealth, influence on the petroleum market, and the importance of the Arab and Islamic world, Mohammed's Crown Prince has got rid of the international isolation threat. With the decline in relations with the United States, Saudi Arabia deepen its relationship with China. Bandar Al-Jaloud/SAUDI Press Agency, VIA Agence France-Presse-Getty ImageS Saudi National News media released that Mohammed Ben Salmann attended the 43rd Gulf Arabian National Cooperation in Riyadi last December last year. The committee of the committee, and chaired the China -Gulf Arab National Cooperation Commission Summit during the period
Images: [" 10saudi-evolu... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 When President Biden participated in the election, he vowed to let Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman who killed and dispel a disgraceful person to become " abandon Son ". Last fall, Biden threatened again. If the crown prosecution violates the wishes of the United States in oil policies, it will suffer" consequences. "
In this kingdom with abundant oil reserves, Muhammad Crown Prince is the actual ruler. Republican Senator Linden Graham once called him a "damage" and "never the leader on the world stage." Jie Monanham, the head of the world's number one golf tour, once hinted that the player's betrayal of the competitors supported by Saudi Arabia was the betrayal of the "September 11" terrorist attacks (mostly the hijacker of the terrorist attack was Saudi citizen).
Now they sound like empty words.
When I visited Saudi Arabia last year, Bayeng and Crown Prince Mohammed met.(https://www.nytimes.com/2022/07/15/world/middleeast/biden-mbs-saudi-visit.html)Essence Biden often sends officials to see Crown Prince Muhammad, including State Secretary of State Brills last week Essence Senator Graham visited Saudi Arabia in April this year, smiling face Take a photo with the Crown Prince of MBS. Just this week, Monanham announced that PGA and Saudi Arabia supports the newly -supported LIV Golf League Plan for establishing a partnership It shocked the professional golf world and suddenly gave the Saudi kingdom a huge global influence on this sport.
advertise
"This is just telling people that the wealth is rough, because this person has oil and all the money, so he can basically use money to solve everything," "Saudi Director and Saudi monarch headquartered in Washington's right to advocate the organization of" free initiative " Abdullah Arahd, an indescribable opposition, said.
In the eight years of the rise of power, the 37 -year -old Crown Prince Muhammad broke the predictions of people's ruling by the rule. The importance of repeatedly escaped the punishment that made it was isolated internationally.
Analysts and officials said that at the same time, the Crown Prince Muhammad not only strengthened the future of Saudi Arabia with continuous economic growth and increasing political influence as a confident regional country, but also learned lessons from his setbacks. Method of the goal.
At least now, he seems to be successful.
U.S. Secretary of State Brills arrived in Liade last week. POOL Photo by Ahmed YOSRI
In recent years, strong oil demand has filled the treasury of Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia acquired a British Football Club, and hesitated to introduce Ronaldo to join the Saudi National League, and is still strive to recruit other international stars Essence
If the previously mentioned golf partnership reached, a close assistant of Crown Muhammad's Crown Prince will become one of the most influential people in the movement and provide another important platform for reshaping the international image for Saudi Arabia.
advertise
In recent years, from Turkey to the United States, the heads of state, who had spurned the Crown Prince of Muhammad, accepted him as the future of Saudi Arabia. He also deepened the relationship between Saudi Arabia and China, and the latter has helped promote the two long -term regional competitors, Saudi Arabia and Iran Get diplomatic breakthrough Essence
All this marks the major progress made by the young prince. In 2015, his father became the queen of the king. People generally regarded Prince Mohammed as a dangerous self -defeating person.
That year, he launched military intervention in Yemen, causing a large number of civilian deaths And fall into trouble. After that, he kidnapped Lebanon Prime Minister , Shocked the diplomatic community. He also closed hundreds of wealthy Saudi people for several weeks in a row a luxury hotel It is said that it was part of the anti -corruption movement, which shocked the business community.
In 2018, a photo of Jamal Kashuji, a symbolic funeral prayer held in a mosque held in Istanbul, was killed by Saudi Arabia. BULENT KILIC/AGENCEFRANCE-PRESSE-Getty Images
That may be his lowest point.
But in the past few years, Crown Muhammad has restored most of his reputation with the help of his country's considerable wealth and influence.
advertise
He had crowded his opponents in the early days of power and consolidated his control over domestic. The social change he promoted, such as allowing women to drive, expanding people's entertainment choices in this country that once banned cinemas, etc., and won fans in Saudi young people.
He also knows that he can make long -term plans as the crown prince of the monarchy. He never needs to be re -elected. He has already dealt with the three US presidents, and he will experience several US presidents in the future, and he will always have power.
He finally recovered this incident from the Kashuji incident that Qian was doing well, and no matter how human rights were talked about, other interests were ultimately priority.
"Bay Arab countries think this is a joke," said the International Crisis Organization Middle East and North Africa Senior Advisor Dina Esanadiali when talking about human rights issues. "They do know their value to the Western world as a partner, as an energy producer, and a country with economic strength, so they said,‘ we can deal with this empty threat because it is only part of the relationship. ’”
After Kashuji was killed, Trump, then President of the United States, once firmly defended Crown Mohammed Called Saudi Arabia's arms procurement is good for the United States.
A few months before Kashuji was killed in 2018, Trump, then President, met with Mohammed Bin Salman in the White House. Doug Mills/The New York Times
Senator from South Carolina, Graham, said after Kashuji was killed that Crown Mohammed Prince was not suitable for leading the country. But when he visited Saudi Arabia in April this year, Graham praised him. At that time, Graham thanked Saudi Arabia for buying American jet aircraft.
"You have purchased a $ 37 billion aircraft, which are manufactured in my state and my country. I think there are more in the future," Graham Al Arabiya TV station on Saudi Arabia explain. "Therefore, as a US senator, I reserved the right to change their views."
advertise
The government of Turkish President Rejap Tidpei Erdogan leaked the details of Kashuji's killing to weaken the image of Mohammed's prince, but eventually put his dissatisfaction with the matter. Last year, a Turkish court handed over to the case of killing Kashuji's murderer Saudi Arabia ended the final case of accountability for crime. Soon after, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia helped support Turkey's finances to deposit $ 5 billion into the Central Bank of Turkey.
PGA has also made similar large changes.
In the past few months, Monasham Chairman of the American Professional Golf Tour has been criticizing Saudi Arabia, and even asked the players who considers the tour of the competitive relationship with PGA: "You have had to apologize for participating in the PGA Tour. ?"
In recent years, many factors affecting the decisions of Muhammad's princes are that more and more people in Saudi Arabia believe that the United States is no longer a reliable partner.
The PGA Tour and the Liv Golf League supported by Saudi Arabia reached an accident agreement, highlighting the power of money and influence of the Saudi kingdom on overcoming human rights issues. Doug Mills/The New Yorktimes
Crown Prince Muhammad has dealt with three US presidents from the Democratic and Republican Party, and these presidents want to reduce the participation of the United States in the Middle East. For Saudi Arabia, the risk of retreating in the United States became obvious in 2019. At that time, Saudi oil facilities It was attacked by drones and missiles, resulting in the suspension of about half of the country's output, and the United States accused Iran of planning to plan attacks.
President Trump refused to make a direct response, which made the leaders of Crown Muhammad and the leaders of the United Arab Emirates concluded that the United States no longer supports them, and they must pay attention to their national security.
advertise
"Now, an idea has been deeply engraved in their hearts:‘ We ca n’t expect Washington to protect us, so we must protect ourselves ’," said Estandiali, an international crisis organization. "This has caused them to adjust some aspects of foreign policy."
This also reduces the possibility of Saudi Arabia that promises the United States without thinking.
After Russia invaded Ukraine, Muhammad's Crown Prince not only refused to join the Western sanctions of President Putin, but later increased the import of Russian oil products that were lowered.
After Biden met with Crown Prince Mohammed in Saudi Arabia last July, the US government asked Saudi Arabia to hold oil output to help the United States reduce the price of domestic natural gas before the mid -November election. However, last October, Saudi Arabia reached an agreement with other member states organized by the Oil output country, known as "OPEC+" to reduce oil production in order to maintain the rise in oil prices.
This angered Biden, and the White House officials accused Saudi Arabia for violation of the agreement. A few months later, when the demand for oil was indeed reduced, Saudi Arabia insisted that they had the right way to resist political pressure and reduced production.
The "consequences" of Biden's threats have never been fulfilled, which clearly shows that even the United States believes that the economic relationship with Saudi Arabia is very important and cannot be interrupted.
The photos released by the Saudi Palace showed that last July, Crown Prince Muhammmed in Saudi Arabia Gada and President Bayeng punch. Bandar al-jaloud/saudi royalpalace, via associateed presus
In recent years, the crown prince has established a relationship with Chinese President Xi Jinping, and entertained the latter at the China -A -Summit in December 2022. At that meeting, the two leaders discussed China's role in reducing Saudi Saudi conflict with Iran.
A few months later, the relationship between Saudi Arabia and Iran achieved surprising diplomatic breakthroughs.(https://www.nytimes.com/2023/03/10/world/middleeast/saudi-arabia-iran-reestablish-ties.html)Essence
This is a stone and two birds for Crown Prince Muhammad. By reaching an agreement, he not only reduced the possibility of conflicting conflicts with his main region, but also allowed world powers outside the United States to obtain major benefits in the reach of the agreement.
Saudi officials have stated that they are more willing to use the United States as the main ally, but the lack of the United States promised means that they need to expand the scope of the ally. And due to the tight relations with Tehran itself, the United States cannot promote Saudi Arabia to restore diplomatic relations with Iran.
A photo released by the Saudi Palace shows that the Crown Prince Muhammad Prince Xi Jinping, the highest leader of China, welcomed the visit in Liade last year. Bandar al-jaloud/saudi royalcourt, via reuters
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230614/saudi-leader-prince-mohammed/ 
After the main policy interest rate is lowered, Beijing is expected to launch more measures to support the economy (Free Version) 
Authors: ['韩乐', '李若瑟', '康河信']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T09:45:30+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T04:56:99+08:00
Description: The latest data shows that the Chinese economic epidemic has recovered, and the People's Bank of China has lowered its main policy interest rate for the first time in 10 months.
Images: [" 000184495_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国经济']
Type: Article
 The People's Bank of China has lowered its main policy interest rates for the first time in 10 months. At the same time, the new data exacerbates concerns about the stagnation of recovery after the epidemic in the world's second largest economy.
China Central Bank(PBoC)Convenient for medium -term lending(MLF)Interest rate -one -year interest rate that affects bank financing cost -from 2.75%to 2.65%. At present, the market is generally expected that Beijing will be forced to take further action to support the economy.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099977 
The People's Bank of China has reduced another key interest rate to support the fragile economic recovery (Free Version) 
Author: Jason Douglas
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T09:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T09:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-15T08:32:00.000Z
Description: After a batch of pessimistic data shows that the Chinese economy slowed down in May and the unemployment rate of young people rose again, the People's Bank of China lowered another key interest rate to provide support for the fragile recovery of this world's second largest economy.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济', '中国经济']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000982856
Type: Article
In a group of pessimistic data, the Chinese economy slowed down in May, and young people unemployment rate rose again Later, the Central Bank of China lowered another key interest rate, aiming to be the [fragile recovery] of this world's second largest economy.(https://cn.wsj.com/articles/CN-CEC-20230530170012)provide support.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E5%8F%88%E4%B8%8B%E8%B0%83%E4%B8%80%E9%A1%B9%E5%85%B3%E9%94%AE%E5%88%A9%E7%8E%87-%E4%BB%A5%E6%94%AF%E6%8C%81%E8%84%86%E5%BC%B1%E7%9A%84%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E5%A4%8D%E8%8B%8F-e22e153a 
Xi Jinping met with Palestinian leaders, China expanded the Middle East influence 
Creator: 王月眉
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-15T09:58:54+08:00
Description: Abbas, the leader of the Pakistani Organization, visited Beijing. According to official media reports, Xi Jinping proposed the "two -country plan" with three claims in order to resolve the Pakistani conflict. Analysts believe that this shows China's willingness to strengthen participation in Middle East affairs. POOL Photo by Jade Gao Chinese leader Xi Jinping welcomes the Palestinian national power organization chairman Mahamamid Abbas in Beijing. This visit was four days.
Images: [" 14china-abbas... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 On Wednesday, Xi Jinping, the highest leader of China, met with Mahamamd Abbas, chairman of the Palestinian national power agency in Beijing. Xi Jinping has worked hard to expand China's influence in the Middle East and make his country a replacement of American global foreign leadership.
Abbas's four -day visit began on Tuesday. Chinese officials have repeatedly hinted before Abbas's visit that China can play a role in restoring peace talks between Israel and Palestinian national power institutions. Chinese official media also strongly criticized the United States that failed to promote the reach of the Palestinian Heping Agreement.
According to Chinese official media reports, Xi Jinping proposed the "two -country plan" with three claims in order to resolve Pakistani conflict on Wednesday. This solution seems to be proposed by Xi Jinping in 2013 Scheme In general, a breakthrough was not obtained at the time.
"You must return Palestine as soon as possible," said Xi Jinping according to the National News Agency Xinhua News Agency. "China is willing to play an active role in achieving internal reconciliation and promotion of peace talks for Pakistan."
advertise
In recent months, Xi Jinping has been working hard to improve his image as a global peaceful force, especially when China has taken the three years of "new crown and zero" self -isolated state, and seeks to regain its status on the world stage. Xi Jinping has ushered in many world leaders this year, including the leaders of France, Brazil and Iran. Beijing hints that it can be in mediation ending the Ukrainian war As the role, although Western leaders have always been skeptical of this statement.
China's largest diplomatic victory may contribute to the secret negotiations between Saudi Arabia and Iran in March this year, resulting in the two countries unexpectedly restored diplomatic relations Analysts said that China's role can make Beijing the main force to participate in the Middle East affairs and challenge the long -term influence of the United States in the region.
Of course, the problem of solving the trick of Taka Pakistan is completely different from the mediation between Shay, because the latter is already seeking a tension relationship. And both China and Shay have close economic connections.
China has long been friendly with Palestinian leaders for a long time. Abbas's visit this week is his fifth visit to China as chairman of the Palestinian national power institution in nearly two decades. China often makes remarks to support the founding of Palestinian and support pro -Palestine in the United Nations. According to China Official Media Report Xi Jinping told Abbas on Wednesday that China and Palestine are "good friends and good partners." The two also announced the establishment of a strategic partnership between the two sides.
But the relationship between China and Israel is not so firm. Due to the relationship with the United States, Israel is more cautious about letting China play a role in any negotiations. Israel has been under pressure from Washington and requires it to limit investment from China.
This is the fifth time that Abbas has served as chairman of the Palestinian national power institution for nearly two decades. POOL Photo by Jade Gao
Analysts said that in this sense, the meeting between Xi Jinping and Abbas is not so much a step to solve the conflict. It is better to show that China intends to strengthen participation in Middle East affairs in the future.
"China should be very cautious. So many superpowers (long -term conflicts in the region) have spent resources, time, and energy," said Da Wei, a professor of international relations at Beijing Tsinghua University. "But I do believe that China wants to be more proactive in the Middle East and other regions."
advertise
He continued, "We can say that this is a learning process in China: China is learning to become a big country in the region, or a big world. If you want to play a role on the world stage, the Middle East is obviously one of the regions."
Indeed, China has been widely strengthened to participate in Middle East affairs. Xi Jinping visited Saudi Arabia in December last year. China and Saudi Arabia have also been deepening investment relationship Saudi officials have directly refuted that the increasing connection with Beijing may bring concerns to Saudi -American relations.
Chinese official media have talked about the possibility of making breakthroughs in the Bakin leadership. But in the Middle East, Xi Jinping's latest proposal did not bring much hope.
"In the context of the reconciliation wave of the Middle East, whether this visit will bring more dawn to the peace of the Middle East, it is also highly anticipated," the CCP's "Global Times" published on Tuesday Social Review Written. Social reviews also accused the United States of "a bad role in the Palestinian issue."
China has previously proposed to mediate between Isaibal, including 2013, 2017 and 2021. The three claims put forward by Xi Jinping on Wednesday are not much different from China's previous proposals, including "the establishment of an independent Palestinian country based on the 1967 boundary, the East Jerusalem as the capital, and enjoying the completely sovereignty", calling on the international community to increase Palestinan to Palestine The assistance, as well as the "larger, more authoritative and influential international peace conference" to promote negotiations, but did not provide specific details.
The Palestinian peace negotiations have ruptured in 2014, and the possibility of resumed negotiations in the near future seems very small, no matter whether there is Chinese participation. Both the Israelites and the Palestinians have serious differences and cannot reach a consensus on how to deal with conflicts within themselves, let alone find something in common with each other. The current government of Israel is the rightist ever. Few members of their members support Palestine's sovereignty position, and China's participation is unlikely to change this.
advertise
However, Robert Mogelnitzki, a senior resident scholar in the Gulf of the Gulf of Washington and the Middle East, said that China plays a role in promoting Saudi Iranian resumptions and China is growing around the world. The status has changed the possibility of participating in the Pakistani issue. China ’s past participation in the region was mainly economical. He said that now, China is sending a signal that it is“ rising ”from that level of support.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230615/china-mahmoud-abbas-xi-jinping/ 
Green Peace: Boen Climate Protection Conference has no substantial progress 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T10:00:00Z
Description: More than 5,000 representatives from all over the world participated in the ten -day climatic meeting of Bon, the purpose was to prepare for the global climate conference held in Dubai at the end of this year. Green peace was disappointed with the results of the meeting.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: ['绿色和平', '贝多芬音乐节', '环境保护', '波恩']
Keywords: ['气候保护协定', '波恩', '联合国气候大会', '绿色和平', '减排目标']
Id: 65920353
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The environmental protection organization "Green Peace" is responsible for Martinkaiser. The UN Meteorological Conference at Bon's closing on Thursday did not achieve any substantial progress. Kaize told the German News Agency: "Russia -Ukraine War, Sino -US tension relations and other geopolitical topics were shadowed by related negotiations. Originally, it was expected that developed countries could play a role in promoting negotiations, but this hope is also endless." He said that before the Dubai meeting, the situation would be changed, "but the Bonn conference did not laid a good foundation."
Environmental Organization "Green and Peace" is responsible for Martinkaiser, and the UN Meteorological Conference on Bonn's closing on Thursday did not achieve any substantial progress. Kay said that Dubai Global Climate Conference Chairman and Emirates Minister Sultan AhmedalJaber personally came to Bon to attend the meeting, at least it can explain the attention of his climate protection. "But some of his expressions in Bon also make us very concerned. For example, he only said that he did not mention the exit of fossil energy, but only talked about how to reduce the exhaust emissions of fossil energy." Kaize said that to make the earth's temperature rise, he wants to rise the heating of the earth. Without 1.5 degrees Celsius before industrialization, it is the only choice to completely withdraw from fossil energy.
Jabal, chairman of the Dubai Global Climate Conference and Minister of Industry of the UAE industry at the Bonn Conference.
Kaizer said that Germany and other industrial countries must take practical action , Fulfill the commitment to provide financial support for the protection of poor countries. "[Only in this way can China and other emerging industrial countries also provide financial support for global climate protection."]]](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/客座评论中国愿意为气候受灾国买单吗/a-63861259)He said that at the Dubai World Climate Protection Conference, under the promotion of the European Union, the climate protection measures so far should be approved by the industry divided by the industry, and special response measures are taken. If you can't do this, the goal of controlling the heating level to 1.5 degrees Celsius will not be able to achieve.
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/绿色和平：波恩气候保护会议毫无实质进展/a-65920353?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Mohen's painting becomes a target environmental protection person to protest the climate crisis 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T10:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T09:35:01+00:00
Description: (France -France -France -France -France -France Golma, 14th) Police and the museum said that environmentalists posted paint -stained hand on the protective glass of Moane's painting on the National Museum of the National Museum of Sweden, leaving on the protective glass Two eye -catching red handprints.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Police said: "Two women aged 25 and 30 years old were arrested."
In an interview with AFRSTALL Vatmarker, the environmental protection organization, claiming the Lord's action.
The attacked by Claude Monet, a French Impressionist painter Claude Monet, in 1900, the Artist's Garden Atgiverny, the museum told AFP whether "unclear" paintings were damaged.
The National Museum said in a statement that the researcher in the museum is checking whether the painting is damaged. The spokesman said that he hopes to get more information tomorrow.
In the film released by Facebook, "Restore Wetland" can see two women, a nursingist and a nursing student, applying paint, and then putting hands on the glass.
The two shouted, "the situation (climate) is severe" and "our health is threatened."
"Restore Wetland" spokesman Helen Wahlgren said in an interview with Agence France -Presse that climate disaster was "a health crisis" and "millions of people have died of climate disaster."
"Restore wetland" said: "The beautiful garden as in Moane's paintings will soon become distant memories."
Waglon accused the Swedish government of not keeping the international climate commitment.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230615-%E8%8E%AB%E5%86%85%E5%90%8D%E7%94%BB%E6%88%90%E7%9B%AE%E6%A0%87-%E7%8E%AF%E4%BF%9D%E4%BA%BA%E5%A3%AB%E5%86%8D%E5%87%BA%E6%89%8B%E6%8A%97%E8%AE%AE%E6%B0%94%E5%80%99%E5%8D%B1%E6%9C%BA 
How did the former Samsung experts promote the Chinese chip industry in one hand and were finally charged with the leakage of China (Free Version) 
Author: Jiyoung Sohn 发自首尔 / Yang Jie 发自东京
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T10:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T10:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-15T08:48:00.000Z
Description: According to the company's records and the public records, the leakage of sensitive technology is accused of leaking sensitive technology to establish a former Samsung Electronics executive in a chip factory in China. The role of the industry.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000982411
Type: Article
According to the company's records and the public records, the leakage of sensitive technology is accused of leaking sensitive technology for the establishment of a chip factory in China(Samsung Electronics,005930.SE)The executives had a dazzling career in his motherland in South Korea, and then turned to the role of promoting the semiconductor industry in China.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%89%8D%E4%B8%89%E6%98%9F%E4%B8%93%E5%AE%B6%E5%A6%82%E4%BD%95%E4%B8%80%E6%89%8B%E5%8A%A9%E6%8E%A8%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E8%8A%AF%E7%89%87%E4%B8%9A-%E6%9C%80%E7%BB%88%E8%A2%AB%E6%8E%A7%E5%AF%B9%E5%8D%8E%E6%B3%84%E9%9C%B2%E6%B3%84%E5%AF%86-b407e247 
The United States is expected to operate military bases in Pakistan's new "not hindered" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T10:07:00Z
Description: A security agreement signed by the United States and Papua New Guinea not long ago allows the U.S. military to develop and operate in the military base of the Pacific Island country. This is part of Washington's efforts to curb China's influence in the Pacific region. The agreement was reviewed in the Pakistan New Council this week.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '中国', '台湾', '中共十九大', '美国']
Keywords: ['巴布亚新几内亚', '安全协议', '所罗门群岛', '美国', '太平洋', '军事基地', '台湾', '中国']
Id: 65920537
Portal Port, the capital of Papua New Guinea
(Voice of Germany) Papua New Guinea Asia Parliament began to review the complete text of the agreement on Wednesday (June 14). The agreement is signed in May this year After that, some details have not been made public.
The agreement allows the United States to stop at the 6th ports and airports in Pakistan and stop the warships, including some facilities of the Lombrum Naval Base on the island of Manus and Portmoresby in the capital.
U.S. military personnel will be able to enter these places "unimpeded", "pre -deploy equipment, supplies and materials", and have "exclusive use rights" to some areas of the base, where can be developed and "building activities".
As the competitive furniture in Washington and Beijing, this agreement opened the door for Washington to build a new military existence in the Western Pacific region. The right to use the Rond Bloom Air Force Base can be used by the U.S. military to strengthen the military facilities in the northern Guam, which may play a key role when the conflict of the Taiwan Strait broke out.
On May 22, 2023, U.S. Secretary of State Brosky (left) signed a security agreement with Pakistan Prime Minister Malape
In Pakistan, facing the wave of criticism and protests, Prime Minister JamesMarape had to defend the agreement with the United States. Some opponents questioned whether this agreement would allow Papua New Guinea to make their sovereignty.
Malape said in a Parliament on Wednesday: "In the past 48 years, we see that our army is increasingly declining." He said, "sovereignty must be based on the stability and strength of the army."
In the country's protest last month, demonstrators accused the agreement of the strategic competition that could be involved in the United States and China. Marlape emphasized at the time that Papua New Guinea would not be used as a base for "launching war".
Papua New Guinea has rich natural resources and is close to busy shipping routes. In recent years, the country has increasingly discovered that it is in the center of diplomatic wrestling between Washington and Beijing.
Former Prime Minister Petero'Neill said the agreement pushed Papua New Guinea to the public. "The United States does this to protect our national interests. We all know what is happening in our region in geopolitics."
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
US military can enter more Philippine military bases 
The US Secretary of Defense Austin announced an agreement with the Philippines that enabled the United States to enter the Philippines' other four military bases. In this way, the U.S. army can keep an eye on two key locations: the disputed area of the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. According to officials, about 500 U.S. soldiers are duty every day in the Philippines, and the country allows U.S. forces to stay in the designated Philippine barracks.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
U.S. Defense: Strengthen the alliance to deal with China's illegal claims 
At a press conference with the Philippine Defense Secretary Carlito Galvezjr. Right) at the present conference where Manila attended together, US Defense Secretary Austin said that the efforts of strengthening the alliance "continued to advance its illegal claims in the Western Philippines Sea in China Particularly important". In response, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning accused the United States of pursuing the "selfish agenda" through new military arrangements, saying that this was "exacerbating the tension in the region and endangering regional peace and stability."
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula 
US Defense Minister Austin also announced in Seoul that advanced military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula, including fighter jets and aircraft carriers, to promote joint training and planning. He and South Korean Defense Minister Li Zhongzheng reached an agreement on expanding the United States and South Korea ’s joint military exercises, and also discussed the preparations for simulation exercises in February. North Korea fired dozens of missiles in 2022, including missiles that may have nuclear capabilities, aiming to combat South Korea and the United States. The United States therefore resumed large -scale military exercises last year to strengthen the deterrent of Pyongyang. North Korea officially stated that it was ready to fight against US military operations with "the most overwhelming nuclear force".
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Adjust the US military garrison in Okinawa Island 
In January 2023, the United States and Japan agreed to adjust the United States' garrison in Okinawa. Some of the reason for strengthening anti -ship capabilities and preparing for China invading Taiwan or other hostile behaviors in the South China Sea or the East China Sea in China. Japan is the place where the United States has the most places outside the country, including about 18,000 U.S. Marine War members, and most of them are stationed in the main base of Okinawa. Although Japan and Taiwan do not have formal diplomatic relations, they have close and informal relationships and have common concerns about China's continuous enhanced military activities.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Restarting in the Solomon Islands Embassy 
The United States has restored the US Embassy in the Solomon Islands that has closed since 1993. U.S. Secretary of U.S. Sublinger claims that this is a commitment to partnerships in the Indo -Pacific region. In April last year, the secret security agreement signed with China and China caused concerns about Western powers, that is, the Soonia Islands may provide a foothold for China in the Pacific region. The State Department of the United States stated that the embassy that reopening there is a priority against China's increased influence in the region.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Selling weapons to Taiwan 
US President Biden originally planned to visit Pakistan last month Signed a new agreement, but failed to do because of the budget crisis of the US Congress. Washington is trying to use a series of diplomatic and fiscal incentives to win the Pacific country in exchange for strategic support.
China had previously adopted a similar method. Chinese companies acquire mines and ports on a large scale in the Pacific. Last year, China signed a secret agreement with the Solomon Islands near the Pakistani , Allow China to deploy the army in the country.
Washington is worried that China's military foothold in the South Pacific may include the facilities of the United States in Guam, and it will increase the difficulty of defense when invading Taiwan in mainland China.
(Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美国有望在巴新-不受阻碍-运营军事基地/a-65920537?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The stock payment acquisition is effective, FREE Version 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T10:27:10+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-12T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-13T05:54:99+08:00
Description: In the first quarter, the income growth brought by the acquisition of stock payment by this insurance brokerage company exceeded expenses.
Images: [" 000184217_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '泛华', '保险', '并购']
Type: Article
 Author Liang Wuren, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
Combining income growth and effective cost control is a method of raising profit after time test. But these two are easy to run, because business expansion usually require huge expenses, especially strategic acquisitions. Insurance broker Fanhua Holding Group(FANH.US)I found a clever way to solve this tricky problem, that is, to pay the latest series of acquisitions with stocks, these acquisitions immediately increased its income.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099947 
Russia set up an embassy next to Congress too sensitive Australian legislation to block 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T10:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T10:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 15th) Russia built a new embassy next to the Australian Congress Building. After receiving the intelligence unit warned this, the Canberra authorities were pushed through legislative obstacles after they were warned by the risk and security threat of stabbing intelligence and security threats.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Russia holds a land lease, which is only about 400 meters away from the Australian Congress Building. The new embassy has been carried out on the foundation.
However, after Australia prevented Russia from failing to build a new embassy, it passed the new law today to block the construction of the new Russian embassy.
Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said that after the meeting with the National Security Commission (National SecurityCommittee), the bill was quickly formulated.
He told reporters: "The government has received very clear security suggestions, which is related to Russia's risks for new embassies in a place near the Capitol. Museum. "
A Russian diplomat told AFP that after Australia passed the bill, Russia's "embassy is seeking legal advice."
The new law passed by Australia with the support of the two parties did not prohibit Russia from setting up foreign museums in Australia, but the position of the embassy should not be too close to Congress.
The bill also admits that Russia may be eligible for economic compensation.
Anti -intelligence expert and former FBI agent (FBI) agent Dennis Desmond said that it can reasonably suspect that Russia will use the embassy in the plan as a base to monitor Australian politicians.
He told AFP: "There is obviously clear intentions behind the decision -making of the Embassy ... they will use various technologies and means."
Dismond said this may include signal intelligence and monitoring Australian officials.
Former British diplomats and Australian Strategic Policy Institute, Alexbristow, deputy director of the national security department, pointed out that the Australian government may receive strong warnings from intelligence units.
He pointed out that because the location is quite close, the Russian embassy may operate in some form of electronic monitoring.
Steli said that Russia has the largest, most powerful, most aggressive and most uncontrollable intelligence units in the world.
"They enjoy the authority we will give to Western intelligence units."
Anganis said he expected Russia to have some form of counterattack.
He said: "We don't think Russia is eligible to talk about international law, because they invade Ukraine, that is, they always despise international law."
In 2008, Russia signed a contract with the National Capital Authority with the Australian Capital Authority, and obtained a construction license in 2011.
Russia intends to relocate the embassy from the current huge brick buildings to the new site. The current Russian embassy is located in the old urban area. Looking down, you can see a funeral home, a bar and a gas station.
The Australian government originally had no opinion on the construction of the new embassy in Russia, but after the invasion of Ukraine in Russia caused the relationship between the two parties, it was urgent to stop the Russian embassy plan.
The Australian government had previously tried to cancel the lease, but was rejected by the federal court last month, which caused this national security legislation.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E5%9C%A8%E5%9B%BD%E4%BC%9A%E6%97%81%E8%AE%BE%E5%A4%A7%E4%BD%BF%E9%A6%86%E5%A4%AA%E6%95%8F%E6%84%9F-%E6%BE%B3%E6%B4%B2%E7%AB%8B%E6%B3%95%E6%8C%A1%E4%B8%8B 
Ukraine claims that counterattacks are cut in Bacht 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T10:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T14:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Kiev, 15th) Ukraine said today that the Ukrainian army's recent counterattack operations have still won several kilometers, including the strong resistance of the Russian army, including it in Udong City Bacht.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 HANNAMALYAR, deputy minister of the Ministry of National Defense of Ukraine, said at the briefing that the Ukraine's counterattack progress was "slow and stable". Suicide drone and densely shells.
After many months, Ukraine's preview finally launched a counterattack earlier in the south and east earlier this month. Among them, near the front -line hotspot Bakhmut, according to Mariar: "The enemy is recruiting more reserve soldiers and is trying to prevent the Ukraine from advancing."
But Mariar said that the Ukrainian army was still successfully advanced by more than 3 kilometers.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E7%A7%B0%E5%8F%8D%E6%94%BB%E6%9C%89%E6%96%A9%E8%8E%B7-%E5%9C%A8%E5%B7%B4%E8%B5%AB%E5%A7%86%E7%89%B9%E6%8E%A8%E8%BF%9B 
Lost and haze without scattering GDR GDR to raise 3.4 billion (Free Version) 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T10:35:54+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T06:27:99+08:00
Description: This biopharmaceutical company plans to issue GDR to raise funds 3.4 billion yuan in Switzerland, which is the second large amount of financing in just half a year.
Images: [" 000184550_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '君实生物', '生物科技']
Type: Article
 Author Molly, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
China and Hong Kong stock markets continue to sluggish, and the equity financing of innovative pharmaceutical companies is not easy. Shanghai Junshi Biomedical Technology Co., Ltd.(1877.HK;688180.SH)Put your eyes into the European capital market. Last Monday, Junshi Biological issued an announcement stating that it was planned to issue no more than 68 million global deposit certificates(Global DEPOSITARARCEIPTS, referred to as GDR)It was listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange, and the fundraising was about 3.4 billion yuan.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099981 
Mayor of Miami submitted a document to participate in the US presidential election 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T10:40
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T10:40
Description: Suarez, mayor of Miami, Florida, USA, submitted documents to the Federal Election Commission to participate in the 2024 US presidential election. AFP reported that Francis Suarez was the Federal Election Commission on Wednesday (June 14) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '总统选举']
Suarez, mayor of Miami City, Florida, USA, submitted documents to the Federal Election Commission to participate in 2024 US Presidential Election Essence
Agence France -Pressers reported that Francis Suarez submitted documents to the Federal Election Commission on Wednesday (June 14) to apply for campaign to the president of the United States.
Su Yarez, 45, delivered a speech on the 15th Reagan Library of California on the 15th and officially announced to participate in the 2024 Presidential Election. Suarez is one of Florida's three candidates. Previously, Governor De Santis And former President Trump Submit files to the Federal Election Commission.
Suarez is a gentle school in the Republican Party. He has said that in the 2016 and 2020 elections, he did not vote for the former President Trump.
Suarez joined a Republican camp with more than a dozen competitors. They lag behind Trump, who were prosecuted twice in public opinion investigations.
Trump first appeared in a federal court in Miami for the first time on Trump on Tuesday (June 13). He faced 37 federal criminal allegations in the face of "secret storms" and via a lawyer indicating that he was "innocent" Essence
Despite Trump's lawsuit, Trump's support rate still leads the Republican presidential candidate, and De Santis ranks second.
The China News Agency reported that Suarez was a Cuban American and the only Latin -in -law of the Republican presidential candidate. Suarez was born in Miami in 1977 and graduated from the University of Florida. His father was the first Cuban mayor in Miami. Suarez has been the mayor of Miami since 2017.
Most Republicans will confront the first debate set on August 23.
The winner of the primaries will compete with candidates selected by the Democratic Party in November 2024.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404473 
Column | Perspective of China: Bashing: Rise and Decaying —— "Badding: China and the World in the Mao Zedong and the Houmao era" academic seminar. 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T10:46:09-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T10:46:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On September 11, 2012, thousands of students of the Chinese University of Hong Kong collectively strikes, resisting the school's "moral education and national education", and called it "brainwashing". Associated Press Information Picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zhongguotoushi/panel-06152023902.html/@stream Moderator: Chen Kuide 
Sympoters: Professor Song Yongyi, Professor Rongxiu, Los Angeles Branch of California State University in the United States , Organizer of the Academic Symposium of "Badshort" 

1. "Brainwashing: China and the World in the Mao Zedong and the Houmao era" academic seminar of academic seminars and backgrounds 
From May 29th to June 1st, 2023, the academic seminar entitled "Badels: China and the World in the Mao Zedong and the Houmao era" was held in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Research Foundation, the East Asian Library of the University of Washington, and the California Modern China Research Center were co -sponsored. More than 20 scholars and experts participated. The meeting was successful, and fully research discussions and arguments were launched around the topic of brainwashing.
* The original intention of holding a "brainwashing" seminar: the theoretical and realistic mobility **
At present, the special historical situation of China and the international community has perfection of totalitarianism and trapped inside and outside. One of the two strokes -brainwashing has become the most critical element for maintaining totalitarian power. In this way, the research and disclosure of brainwashing has become one of the most urgent topics of the Chinese and the world.
2 ) Overview of the participating scholars 

2. Basic content and results of the Symposium on Brandiat 
* Looking back brainwashing: source and their spiritual traceability **
In the opening speech, Professor Lin Peiri talked about the general schizophrenia and multiple conscious structures of people in this brainwashing society in China, and put forward his interesting observation of Chinese -style "brainwashing" and "mouth washing".
Professor Xia Ming's "Study of Braastin's theoretical Research: Beginning, Flowing, and New Perspective" summarizes the evolution of brainwashing in history, especially nearly a century, and can summarize three different modes: 1. Classical brainwashing: From ancient times and the Middle Ages, we They all see the use of violence and torture to achieve the purpose of changing people's thoughts and beliefs. This method can still see residues (such as the Chinese government's persecution of objections, brainwashing in Xinjiang and Tibet). 2. Modern brainwashing: mainly through controlling people's environment (far away from family loved ones, closed, concentration camps, learning groups, social mobilization, publicity, monitoring, etc.) to change people's psychology, personality and behavioral model, forcing individuals or groups to obey and accept it Perfectist thought or totalitarian system. 3. In the 21st century, information science, computer technology, brain neuroscience, biomedical chemistry and other breakthroughs brought about brainwashing brought about by breakthroughs. The CCP tries to output its high -tech totalitism model to brainwashing the world.
Dr. Zhou Zehao is the translator of Edward Hunter's famous monograph "Red China: Planning Destruction of Man's Thoughts". The author of the book first mentioned "brainwashing" in the newspaper in 1950 The new word and the first time the word "brainwashing" is enabled in the book. Dr. Zhou pointed out that Hunter's unique contribution was to establish a direct relationship between brainwashing and communist red regime.
Dr. Chen Kuide's "Fairness: Tracking of a History of Thought" discussed the definition of brainwashing and its spiritual origin from the perspective of political philosophy and the history of thought, and pointed out that the word "brainwashing" was short long after the origin of the word origin, and it originated from the communist. China. However, the spiritual and ideological origin of "brainwashing" can be traced far. In addition to Marx, he mainly sorted out the influence of German philosopher Nietzsche, the cultural hegemony theory of the cultural hegemony of the Italian philosopher Grandisi, and the "powerism" of French philosopher Foucault on brainwashing.
He pointed out that there is a tendency to contemplate all human discourse exchanges as "brainwashing". This tendency has regarded all language and words as "brainwashing". This kind of pan -washingism will annihilate the differences between right and wrong, good, evil, authenticity, etc., causing a world of chaotic value, the world of "1984".
From the perspective of the basic context, strictly speaking, brainwashing is a special product of the twentieth century, and is a product of a highly closed totalitarian society supported by violence. The open society with freedom of thought and freedom is a brainwashing disinfection agent.
* "Basic brainwashing" in practice in the political movement of the Communist Party of China **
This session mainly discussed the practice of the CCP's stages of brainwashing: the Yan'an period, the intellectual transformation of the intellectuals in the early stages of the establishment of the government, the anti -rightist movement in 1957, the 1958 movement of the party, the Cultural Revolution, and so on.
Dr. Pei Yi's "from" baptism "to" brainwashing "-the historical positioning of Yan'an's rectification" specifically discussed the evolution of Yan'an's rectification brainwashing.
Professor Song Yongyi did the brainwashing of intellectuals in the "Ideological Transformation Movement"? "Report, this is a chapter in his monograph" Mao Zedong and New China ". He believes that the CCP's policy of intellectuals," transformation "should be one of its most basic policies, with its trilogy: 1) Infiltrating the political learning of Marxism-Leninism; 2) Criticism in the masses in the masses-review-explanation; 3) sports-type everyone's frankness and organizational cleanup.
In the early days of the Chinese Communist Party, a famous Chinese liberal intellectuals appeared in the first tide of self -examination of self -examination of self -examination of self -examination of Zhu Guangqian, Chen Yuan, Feng Youlan, Fei Xiaotong and others. The cause of this phenomenon is that intellectuals mistakenly believe that the CCP's military victory is the attitude of "uncomfortable and faith" of the victory of ideas, and there is also a strong pursuit of traditional Chinese tradition when changing the dynasties.
Professor Li Xixi gave a speech on "Belief and Resistance: The Christian Three -Self Patriotic Movement of the Mao Zedong period". Professor Li's speech provides a very convincing answer for many people's minds. Why is it in other fields in China, why is the Christian's resistance specially determined? Faith in the rock -like resistance in the anti -brain washing.
The report of "conscious brainwashing: the 1958 movement of the party in 1958" reported by Dr. Ding Shu solved the inside of the 1958 intellectual circles in China. In a sense, Dr. Ding can be said to fill the gap in the academic community.
3 ) Sead monitoring and brainwashing 
This session mainly discusses some basic methods of brainwashing the CCP.Professor Wu Guoguang of Stanford in his speech in his "Strategy to Cognitive Wars: Analysis of the CCP's Publicity", divided into three different stages of the historical development of the Communist Party's propaganda strategy in the three different stages of the CCP's propaganda strategy in his usual fun and humorous way. They are the so -called Xi Jinping eras formed in the Mao era, post -Mao era, and the past decade. That is, the brainwashing of the Mao era, the exquisite propaganda of the post -Mao era, and the cognitive war in the Xi Jinping era. He discussed the characteristics and commonality of the CCP's propaganda at the above stages, and outlined a historical evolution map of the CCP's propaganda strategy, and analyzed the motivation of this evolution and the unchanged context behind it.
Pei Minxin, a lecturer professor from the McKenner College of Clemundy, "dissecting the CCP's monitoring system" with rigorous methods.
4 ) totalitarian and brainwashing under international vision 
This session carried out a review of brainwashing internationally internationally.
Professor Cheng Yinghong, who is famous for studying international left -wing forces and his trend of thought, has made a refreshing research on "New Fascist and Newcomers: Discussing a New Perspective of Thoughts".
Professor Zhang Weichi and Professor Quan Zhize depicted and analyzed the young dictator of North Korea at the seminar "the idolized Kim Jong -un", let us see the other side of the Jin family dynasty.
Professor Guo Jian of the University of Wisconsin said with his unique vision, "conspiracy theory and awakening culture: American bipolar politics with different ways to return", sharply pointed out that the phenomenon of a certain way of the right and extremely left politics in the American society, and pointed out that it has to the world to the world harm.
The independent scholar Ms. Guo Yiping put forward her point of view with "an important role in" ideological factors in the failure of Russia's democratic transformation after the Soviet Union ", which caused some useful controversy.
5 ) From Mao Zedong to Xi Jinping: The new development of the CCP "brainwashing" 
This link discusses the evolution of CCP brainwashing from all fields and periods. There are not only senior professors and editors, but also scholars who are directly persecuted by the Chinese Communist Party of China to appear to tell and analyze the brainwashing methods of the CCP prison for political prisoners.
Dr. Qiao Huahua analyzed the CCP's "brainwashing, propaganda and movies: the perspective of communication and text mining" as a publisher.
Professor Hao Zhidong shared his historical narrative "The Change of the Brandiating Methods of Primary and Secondary School Textbooks after 1949".
Professor Xu Yan, the popular enlightenment writer and free thinker inside and outside the Chinese mainland, gave a speech on "expert propaganda and brainwashing in the truth society in China".
Mr. Yang Zili, a political prisoner of the Communist Party of China and one of the four gentlemen of the "New Youth", made a report on "Labor Reform: The Chinese Communist Prison's Brandiating Project for Prisoners", which is sighing.
The meeting also invited two special guests to give a special speech. They are Professor Yu Maochun, a professor at the American Naval Academy and the director of the China Center of the Hudson Institute, and Mr. Hu Ping, the editor -in -chief of Beijing's honor.
6) Professor Yu Maochun gave the keynote speech on "International Foreign Diplomacy Publicity" 
Because he was the chief Chinese policy and planning consultant of former US Secretary of State Peng Peio, his speech aroused widespread interest in participants, and at the same time gave the participants a sense of liveness in the evolution of US -China relations. People are particularly interested, for example, he pointed out:
The Chinese government pays a lot of money and allows a research center of Harvard University to do so -called polls in China. This poll was seriously summarized and said that 93%of the Chinese people recognized and supported the leadership of the Communist Party. The poll of this Harvard University has become an attachment for the Chinese government to confuse the Chinese people and the people of the world for many years. It is often cited by the CCP ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the party’ s public opinion and emphasized it. In fact, this is a classic example of deceiving the world. The so -called polls made by this Harvard University research center are not made by themselves. The truth is that this Harvard University Research Center, who has donated many Chinese donations, commissioned to register in China, and the "Zero Research Consultation Group" headquartered in Beijing(Horizon Research Consultancy Group)Capturing the sword to do it on behalf of.
He also gave a lot of examples disclosure and said:
II China uses translation to transform the world in international exchanges. This is a very complicated issue and a very important issue. The CCP training translator has systematic and strong policy guidance. It is definitely not just learning the language translation skills of "Cindaa". All the regular translators of the Communist Party of China I have contacted have a very strong party spirit, and they can grasp the size of the policy during the translation process. Just missed or turned naked.
..............
7 ) Mr. Hu Ping, the famous democratic movement theorist, did "from 'thought transformation ' to ' '" ** The keynote speech 
Hu Ping pointed out: The CCP's ideological transformation movement is "brainwashing", that is, "people's domestication". From a certain perspective, the history of the rise and fall of the Communist Party is the history of domestication, avoiding and rebellion. Brainwashing, with the words of Xi Jinping today, is called "not to be discussed." Today, the set of thought transformation has already been abandoned, but political learning has been reinforced, and personal worship is re -burns. The most important point of ordering the Chinese people to order the Chinese people is "not allowed to discuss". This is a vein with the ideological transformation of that year.
Three, conclusion 
* The academic seminar of this "Badding" theoretically confirmed that the theory of "brainwashing" can be used as an important tool for studying Chinese issues. * The meeting carried out historical review and in -depth analysis of the Communist Party of China as a patent brainwashing political movement. * The meeting issued a solemn warning message on the "brainwashing" to the past and the dangers of the world and the future.

News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zhongguotoushi/panel-06152023103902.html 
Interpretation of Ban Book | Yu Jie: Filling an important puzzle in the history of the 1989 Democratic Games Wu Jianmin "There are traces of the years" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T10:50:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:15:49-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Wu Jianmin and his memoir "The Time Traces" video screenshot Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/PINGLUN/wenyitiandi-yyj3-05262023104249.html/m0601-yj1ee.mp3/@@stream m Nanjing Studies Games is also ups and downs, shores of shores 
Tan Yitong said that China ’s two thousand years of government, Qin Zheng also. The so -called Qin Zheng includes at least two aspects: the emperor's dictatorship is centralized with the central government. The Communist Red Dynasty claimed to be anti -feudal, but inherited the whole of the two. In the past, Beijing was an emperor's capital; now, Beijing is the center of power of the Communist Party. In his later years, Mao Zedong said to Nixon, who visited: "I can't change the whole world, I just change several places near Beijing." In contemporary China, Beijing centralism The root is deep and solid, and Beijing draws various resources in China for the ruling class that has been in this way. The discussion on the capital Beijing has also become a discussion about the whole China.
It is intriguing that even the opposition's exposition follows the principles of Beijing's centralism. For example, for a long time, the writing of the 1989 Democratic Games has always been centered on Beijing and deliberately ignored other provinces and cities. This movement is called the Tiananmen Movement, but in fact, this is a democratic movement that swept across the country. Tiananmen is a key place, but it is by no means full. Australian scholar Lin Mulian revealed another massacre that happened in the Jinjiang Hotel in Chengdu in the book "Return to Tiananmen". I grew up in Chengdu for the first time. I actually knew the truth for the first time. It can be seen how "the local" people are actually "leaving the ground."
The 89th Democratic movement should be a national puzzle, and participants in each place have the responsibility to fight for their own mosaic. The memoir of Nanjing student leader Wu Jianmin, "There are Traces of the Years", and put on the key part of the Nanjing Academic Games. Wu Jianmin was born in a senior officer family and worked as a soldier. He worked in Nanqi Group. In 1989, he was about to graduate from the Jiangsu Business Cadres Management College. After the outbreak of the school movement, he devoted himself to it. Essence Compared with most of the undergraduates who are admitted to university directly from high school, he was 26 years old at the time. He had rich work experience and social experience, courageous and conspiracy, good words, and organizational management. Become one of the leaders of Nanjing.
The number of universities in Nanjing and the scale of students in schools ranked third in the country, second only to Beijing and Shanghai. In this memoir, Wu Jianmin described the process and characteristics of the Nanjing Academic Games in detail. Compared with the Beijing Student Games, he has both common and characteristics. Nanjing University is dominated by Nanjing University, and quickly imitates Beijing to set up a headquarters "Nanjing High School Student Autonomous Federation", which commands the Nanjing District Studies. It can't be added, this is impossible in the Beijing academic movement. Under the South Gao Lian, the "Department of Staff" was established, and the "Department of Staff" brings together the backbone of each school to deal with daily affairs every day.
During the school movement, Wu Jianmin proposed the idea of "North on the North". He believes that Nanjing, as the old capital of the Republic of China, has democratic blood, and Nanjing's academic movement leads in cities in the south, so it cannot be satisfied with one city and one place. Students in Hebei and Tianjin mobilized, growing like snowballs. When this team came to Beijing, it was conditional to form a "National University Student Autonomous Federation" in Beijing, and then dialogue with the CCP authorities as the "Full High Union" instead of the "North High Union".
On June 1, 1989, Nanjing students formed the "Nanjing University to go north to the Democratic Long March", departing from Gulou Square, and went to Beijing on foot. Wu Jianmin served as the deputy chief of the "North to Headquarters". The team of thousands of people broke through the siege all the way. On June 3, they arrived at the Luzhou Division of Anhui to collect and rest. On the morning of June 4th, the team was about to set off, and it was raining in the sky, and had to wait. They did not know that a massacre had occurred in Beijing. This sudden heavy rain seemed to be a mourning person who was mourning. Jiangsu and Anhui provinces sent a large number of passenger cars in front of the team, and there are many armed policemen with real guns. Yang Yongyi, executive deputy governor and director of the Education Commission of Jiangsu Province, told Wu Jianmin that Beijing had cleared the field. The armed police at the scene would prevent students from advancing. Wu Jianmin and other personnel of the headquarters were controlled, and most of the students were pushed to Nanjing. A small number of pioneers rode to Zhangbaoling Town, and were intercepted by armed militia, and threatened: "Go forward and shoot!" In the end, the end of the "June 4th North" came to Zhangba Ling Town.
The struggle after the massacre is even more to sing and cry 
After being taken home, Wu Jianmin was placed under house arrest for a week and returned to school. On June 20, the Nanjing Public Security Bureau released the "Nanjing High Union Wanted List", ranking among them. Officials of the School Defender took him to the Public Security Bureau. Subsequently, Dean Wang Wang, a school with conscience and bones, released his bail and asked him to take the graduation exam. However, the superior order to deduct his graduation certificate and ask him to go to the "Inspection Office" to explain the problem every day.
At that time, Wu Jianmin and other Nanjing student leaders heard that Hong Kong had a "yellow bird action", but he refused to exile overseas and was extremely disappointed with Fang Lingzhizhi who had escaped into the American embassy. Run away!... What do we do? Can we also run? Can we run thousands of students who participated in the June 4th academic tide? "He said:" I am opposed to escape!When he was in trouble, he chose to flee abroad!"He said with generously to my colleagues:" I am willing to give youth and blood, compared to those who have died in Tiananmen Square, we blame without loan, and we should stay and persist!"
Subsequently, Wu Jianmin launched a journal, establishing organizations, and improving the "post -June and Fourth Age" resistance agencies. He met the people sent by the Hong Kong Branch Association in Shanghai, Zhaoqing and other places, and the other party brought capital funding. Twenty years later, Wu Jianmin was in exile in the United States. He originally planned to thank the Hong Kong Federation to the Branch Association. The situation in Hong Kong was under the rivers and rivers.
At this time, Wu Jianmin, after the "June 4th" massacre, has completely seen the evil of the Communist Party of China, and has a clear political goal -overthrowing the Communist Party of China, ending the Chinese Communist Party's one -party autocracy, and recovering the justice of the "June 4th" dead. The Chinese people strive for free liberation to achieve a fair and free democratic election of one person, one vote, and the people of 1.4 billion people to live a dignified life.
In the spring of 1990, Wu Jianmin met the leaders of the major academic movements of several universities in Nanjing in Zhongting Street, Drum Tower Street, and exchanged the idea of establishing an organization. They discussed the establishment of the "China Democratic Frontline" and set up the highest standing committee. Wu Jianmin was elected as the chairman. The vice chairman was Peng Wanzhong and Li Yong. Wait, most of them are students or young teachers. These resistances are not known to the outside world.In the past, due to limited information, I wrote a criticism that the CCP's gunfire sounded, and the resistance of the resistance was dying. It was not as brutal of the killing of the military and political power in the Gwangzhou incident in the Gwangzhou incident. The struggle has always been one after another, and the Korean people seem to be more bloody than the Chinese. But then when I read the memories and memoirs of Liao Yifu, Liu Xianbin, Wu Jianmin and others, I revised my own views -China is not without Lu Xun's "hard -working person, desperately hard -working people, for the people, for the people The person who invited him, the person who seeks the law "is just that they" are always destroyed, wiped out, eliminated in the darkness, and cannot be known for everyone. " Even in the darkest era of the Cultural Revolution, Yang Xiaokai also came into jail that various bravers who resisted the tyranny of various groups, but they were all slaughtered. China failed to achieve democratization like South Korea, not because the Chinese were more timid than Koreans, but because the Chinese Communist regime was thousands of times more brutal than South Korea's military and political power. Resisting the CCP's tyranny requires unprecedented courage, wisdom, and toughness.
The length of his sentence, more than twenty -one leader of the North High Federation of the Northern High School, 
Wu Jianmin and others underestimated the evil of the Communist Party and the darkness of human nature. Their every move had been closely monitored by the CCP's national security department. A few months later, the national security department closed the net, and he and his colleagues were arrested. Many years later, he returned from prison and knew that their organization had long been penetrated by the CCP. Wu Wei, a female classmate who went to the Federation of the Federation of the Federation of the Federation of the Federation of Federations, provided several action details that they only knew. After he was released from prison, he lived in China for eighteen years. During this time, he slowly recovered with members of the South Gao Lian. Only Wu Wei had never appeared. Another female classmate Luo Mingjuan, a female classmate who entered the core circle of the underground organization, was responsible for opening up hundreds of thousands of funds that were transferred to the Hong Kong Branch Federation. Fly. After Wu Jianmin was released from prison, Luo Mingjuan successfully completed his studies at NTU, and then went to work at the Guoan Department of Guangxi. He suddenly realized that this girl was originally an undercover that the authorities were inserted by them. Wu Jianmin also believes that the only list of Nanjing student leaders in the only list of the national wanted order and the future in the United States is also the same type. The Chinese Communist Party started by underground activities and secret organizations. What these simple and naive students do are as naive as family.
At the beginning, the Guoan Department attempted to trick Wu Jianmin as a line person, contacted the staff of the Hong Kong Federation to meet in the Mainland, and then played the Internet in the future, but was rejected by Wu Jianmin's strict words. The authorities will not be able to cooperate with Wu Jianmin for ten years, and his sentence is longer than the 21st student leaders in the country. Jiang Zemin re -sentenced the leader of the "June 4th" academic movement as the attitude of the provincial stations. Following Jiang Zemin's province, he naturally contributed to the central government, and he was sentenced to a heavy judgment of the leaders of the local academic movement, and the treatment of the prisoners in prison was even worse. Liu Xiaobo, who was detained in Qincheng Prison that year, later sighed after reading the memories of Liao Yiwu in the prison in Sichuan that Liao Yifu's prison was like hell. Compared with him, he was like heaven in Beijing prison.
In the memoir, Wu Jianmin described in detail his career from the detention to the prison. He was "half -step" and was detained alone in a room with a long length and width of only three meters. Four hours are shining. He has been tortured by Guoan personnel, prison guards, and prison prison many times torture. He said: "The only way I can protect myself is not afraid of fighting!" In the circle, there are six wolves around each other. As soon as the guard red flag waved, the six -headed wolf dog rushed up. The prisoner hugged his head and screamed on the ground. The prison guards severely warned: "You don't obey the discipline, it's your turn next time!" Wu Jianmin was almost scared to pass. He wrote: "This time, the execution experience made me directly feel that in the bloody history of the Communist Party of China, Many occurrences, how many ordinary prisoners have been brought out of watching, and watching the bloody scenes of other prisoners being shot!I don't know, which regime can there be in ancient and modern China and foreign countries. The scene gave me a lot of excitement, so that after many years, I often dream of this scene in my dream. "He heard in prison that some prisoners were picked up after being successfully matched. His old military doctor's father quietly told him One way allows him to exceed the blood content of the urine during physical examination, which escaped the list of organ transplantation.
Soon after Wu Jianmin was arrested, Baker, then US Secretary of State, visited China and made a request to release political prisoners to the Chinese side. The Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen, who talks with it, wrote in the memoir: "There is' Wu Jianmin 'in the list, and I told Baker that the director of our news director was Wu Jianmin, and at this time, Wu Jianmin replied:' '' Here. 'Beck saw this, and the response was still sensitive, and immediately said: "You let it go.' It caused laughter." From then on, it can be seen that China's "war wolf diplomacy" did not appear in recent years. Qian Qichen A rogue of a sister -in -law, pretending to be stupid, Li Daitao is stiff, not ashamed, but also writing the details into the book. Visiting China in the name of Big Bush must not be investigated with China to restore business relations with China. Twenty years later, Beck met with exiled Wu Jianmin in the United States. At first he had really concerned about the political prisoners on the list of Wu Jianmin, but they were subject to the US foreign policy of China. In the end, I was ignored.
In the early 1990s, due to China's "low human rights advantages" of hundreds of millions of slave workers (in today's statement is "leek" and "human mine") and huge markets, the West couldn't wait to turn the "June 4th" chapter of the "June 4th" chapter , Incorporate China into the economic globalization system. In this context, the Chinese Communist regime has restored self -confidence. Scholars Bai Xin commented: "The Chinese government played with the human rights politics of the market with the most beneficiary of the United States in the 1990s with the US Congress's annual most benefited country. The liability of the massacre also evades the real human rights responsibility, and has caused Chinese liberal intellectuals to not yet break through the hallucinations of Deng Xiaoping's reform and opening up in the 1980s. "
Opposition to the Communist Party of China at one time, all my life opposes the CCP 
In 1997, Wu Jianmin was released in advance. Nanjing Guoan did not allow him to work and live in Nanjing where the household registration is located, and he had to go to Wuxi to do business.
Since the end of 1999, Wu Jianmin has made a success in business. The advertising company created has more than 200 employees and ranks in the top three in the local area, but his company cannot go to bank loans -he and his company have already been blacklisted. Essence Political prisoners like him can only be small -scale, and can only be "small rich". If the enterprise is developing, it will be stared and removed. He became rich. In the society, he was a head -of -the -faceted company, and he was the secretary -general of the local chamber of commerce. However, the label of the "June 4th" was affixed to him for a lifetime. At first he started to fall in love, and his girlfriend's family was intimidated by Guoan. He and the first girlfriend came to the marriage stage. His girlfriend's father was a senior work and forced him to write a guarantee that he never participated in political activities. He refused to make unreasonable demands, and the marriage was blown.Although there is money, Wu Jianmin still lacks a sense of security and dignity. His passport was buckled in his hand by Guoan. He wanted to go abroad to discuss business, and Guoan sent people to accompany him. Later, he organized the owner of the community to defend his rights and fight against the large state -owned enterprise Suhao Group and China Resources Group. This rights protection activity does not involve political demands, but only defend the owners' economic interests, and finally win. But in the process, his outstanding organizational management can once again attract the vigilance of the CCP authorities. If the director of the owner committee like Wu Jianmin is the call of the grassroots political movement, the power of the CCP will inevitably be challenged. This is also the fundamental reason why the CCP has suppressed the owner's rights protection campaign later.
Wu Jianmin always missed the "June 4th" and always wanted to continue doing something. When Xi Jinping first came to power, there was an optimistic atmosphere in China. He and his friends felt that he could open a breakthrough for the "June 4th" name by holding a large -scale commemorative Zhao Ziyang's activity. However, in 2014, the former leader Yu Shiwen and his wife Chen Wei were arrested by Zhao Ziyang on the Yellow River embankment. As a result, Wu Jianmin concluded: Xi Jinping is a dictator, like Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping, and is the enemy of democracy. As Salito said: "Democracy is a non -personal dictatorship, an accurate comparison word for personal dictatorship, and an undoubted opposition. Words. This means that democracy refers to a political system characterized by an individual with the power to oppose personalization and the power to oppose the rule of citizens. Power is not the 'property' of anyone. Yes: No one can name themselves as the rulers, and no one can control the power in the name of personal names. It is because of the principle of negating the principle of personal dictatorship that democratic criteria can only be granted by others to others. Yes, it can only be based on the change. Therefore, the leader must be produced from the free and unrestrained elections that the leaders. "In the past century, China's anti -democratic essence has never changed. It must be anti -communist.
In 2014, a small job of Wu Jianmin sent him a warning at the central government: his name appeared on an important blacklist. Later, most of the people on this list were arrested in the "709". A few months before "709", Wu Jianmin was exiled to the United States with his wife and twin children. In this free place in the United States, he created a self -media named "Jianmin Push the Wall". "Talking every day", similar to Ran Yunfei's "one -day blog", has done more than 2,000 episodes, breaking through the CCP network network The road blockade attracts hundreds of thousands of domestic and foreign audiences, and almost fights against the brainwashing propaganda of Xinhua News Agency and CCTV with the power of one person. From the "June 4th" square to self -media, the way of resistance "evolved", but his belief in democracy and freedom was consistently one.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/wenyitiandi-cite/yj3-05262023104249.html 
Hong Kong regulatory agencies urge banks such as HSBC and Standard Chartered to accept cryptocurrency customers (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Ho-him']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T11:01:49+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T06:59:99+08:00
Description: Hong Kong is trying to make itself into the centers of the global cryptocurrency industry. The Hong Kong HKMA pressures a number of banks and requires them to accept customers of cryptocurrency exchanges.
Images: [" 000184498_pic... "]
Themes: ['加密货币', '关注']
Keywords: ['加密货币', '加密金融', '汇丰', '渣打银行', '中国银行', '香港', '金融中心']
Type: Article
 Hong Kong banking regulatory agency is Xiang HSBC(HSBC)Harbin Standard Bank(Standard Chartered)Waiting for multiple banks to pressure them, they are required to accept cryptocurrency exchanges as customers, although U.S. regulators are cracking down on the industry.
Three people familiar with the matter said that at a meeting last month, the Hong Kong Financial Authority(Hkma)I asked the two banks headquarters in the UK and Bank of China above(Bank of China)Why not accept cryptocurrency exchanges as customers.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099982 
Canada controls Beijing to manipulate the AIIB China Ministry of Foreign Affairs, saying that adheres to the principle of transparency 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T10:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Beijing, 15th) In response to Canadian departure supervisors, the Assembly of the Asian Investment Bank has been dominated by the CCP. The largest shareholder of investment banks adheres to the principle of "disclosure, selection, transparent" in the recruitment and management of staff.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs held a regular press conference today, and Wang Wenbin made the above explanation when answering media questions.
Wang Wenbin claimed that in the past 7 years since the establishment of the AIIB has adhered to the "international, standardized, high standards" operations with the joint efforts of each member, and "achieved a series of important results in institutional construction, strategic policies, investment business, etc. Society is widely recognized. "
He claims that the Asian Investment Bank adheres to the principle of "disclosure, selection, transparency" in the recruitment and management of staff. The staff comes from 65 countries and economies, and its employer's reputation "is generally affirmed." As the largest shareholder of the AIIB, China will continue to adhere to multilateralism with all parties and jointly "support the Asian Investment Bank and run the AIIB" to make positive contributions to the construction and sustainable development of Asia and global infrastructure.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E5%8A%A0%E6%8B%BF%E5%A4%A7%E6%8E%A7%E5%8C%97%E4%BA%AC%E6%93%8D%E7%BA%B5%E4%BA%9A%E6%8A%95%E8%A1%8C-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%96%E4%BA%A4%E9%83%A8%E7%A7%B0%E7%A7%89%E6%8C%81%E9%80%8F%E6%98%8E%E5%8E%9F%E5%88%99 
Xi Jinping 70 -year -old Panting Power Generation Wishes Life 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T10:35:01+00:00
Description: (AFP, Moscow, 15th) Chinese President Xi Jinping celebrates his 70th birthday. The Kremlin said that Russian President Pu Ting sent a congratulatory message to Xi Jinping today to congratulate his "close friend" birthday.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Pu Ting told Xi Jinping that "it is difficult to comment on your efforts to promote (Russia and China)."
Since Russia has been resisted by the West because of its full invasion of Ukraine, Pu Ting and Xi Jinping have become closer and closer.
Analysts pointed out that as Moscow became more and more internationally isolated, China occupied the upper side in bilateral relations.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E4%B9%A0%E8%BF%91%E5%B9%B370%E5%B2%81-%E8%92%B2%E4%BA%AD%E5%8F%91%E7%94%B5%E7%A5%9D%E5%AF%BF 
China ’s youth unemployment rate in May reached a new high economic data weakly weak 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:26:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This station's "Asia wants to talk" to explore a series of Chinese wrong policies to combat private enterprises, causing employment opportunities to greatly reduce. Screenshot of the show(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/hcm-06152023101737.html/@@stream)According to data released by the Chinese Bureau of Statistics on May 15, the unemployment rate in China in May reached 20.8%, a new high. In addition to employment, a number of economic data in May showed a slowdown in the growth rate. The analysis pointed out that China has a series of wrong decisions to crack down on private enterprises and foreign investment, and employment opportunities have been greatly reduced. Within three to five years, social problems will emerge one by one.
Chinese youth unemployment rate 20.8% hit a new high of history * Financial and economic listening: The unemployment rate of young people has risen again, the phenomenon of "Kong Yiji gown" and "Runmei" attracted attention 
According to data from the Statistics Bureau of China, the unemployment rate of urban survey in China is 5.2%, which is the same as last month. However, the unemployment rate at the age of 16-24 was 20.8%, which was 0.4 percentage points more than last month.
At the press conference of the Bureau of Statistics, the media focused on the high unemployment rate. Fu Linghui, a spokesman for the National Bureau of Statistics, responded that in general, the unemployment rate at a high level was at a high level. From the perspective of the total amount, preliminary estimates that in May, the total number of young people aged 16-24 was about 96 million. Many of the students did not really enter the labor market in the school. More than 26 million of them have found a job.
Fu Linghui believes that the outside world has some "misunderstandings" about the total unemployment of young people, and "let's notify this data. At present, there are more than 6 million unemployed among young people. The overall stability of employment has better support. "
** China's youth unemployment rate is high.
Regarding the frequent innovation of China's youth unemployment rate, Chen Pokong, a political commentator, analyzed in the "Asian Asia" program in this station that China has three "most" this year, and the number of candidates is more than 13 million. It is the college entrance examination since Mao Zedong's death. The "most", graduation is unemployed, and the unemployment rate also creates the "most" of history. The other is the "most" of the younger generation lying flat.
Chen Poong: "Three of the three -the most 'plus, meaning so many candidates, when you can't find a job after graduating from college, why do you have to go to the exam? Do you not go to the college entrance examination, can you still be employed? Evilization, reduction of orders, and less opportunities for employment. "
Current political critic Chen Po Kong believes that most Chinese companies are more cold in winter than the cold winter(Screenshot) Chen Songxing, director of the New Economic Policy Research Center of Taiwan Donghua University, pointed out in the program that China's economic structural problem is that government departments have wrong decisions, such When it was dropped, not only smashed employment rice bowls, but also crack down on foreign -funded confidence and move the production line out. "Foreign capital does not come, the factory is gone, and the employment position is gone. No one has the ability to buy a house. The consumption has shrunk. This is an interlocking."
Chen Songxing, director of the New Economic Policy Research Center of Donghua University in Taiwan, pointed out that the Chinese economy is already in the intensive care unit. (Screenshot of the show) Can China's May data bleak still be guaranteed throughout the year? 
In addition to employment, the added value of industrial industries above designated size in China increased by 3.5%year -on -year, but it fell 2.1 percentage points from last month. In addition, China's total import and export of goods in May increased by 0.5%year -on -year. Among them, imports increased by 2.3%, and the exports fell by 0.8%; the national service industry production index increased by 11.7%year -on -year, 1.8 percentage points fell 1.8 percentage.
On the other hand, consumer prices of residents across the country(CPI)Compared with the same period last year, it rose slightly by 0.2%, but decreased by 0.2%month -on -month. National industrial producers reflecting the changes in the cost of commodity production costs decreased by 4.6%year -on -year and a decrease of 0.9%month -on -month. The purchase price of industrial producers nationwide decreased by 5.3%year -on -year and a decrease of 1.1%month -on -month. The ex -factory prices and purchase prices nationwide decreased by 2.6%and 2.3%year -on -year.
Real estate also did not improve. From January to May, China ’s national real estate development investment was 4570.1 billion yuan, a year -on -year decrease of 7.2%. Among them, residential investment was 3480.9 billion yuan, a decrease of 6.4%. According to the National Day of the Chief Statistics Department of the National Bureau of Statistics of China, in May, the sales price of new commercial housing in 70 large and medium -sized cities fell from the previous quarter, and second -hand houses decreased from the previous month. The sales prices of commercial housing in first -tier cities have declined year -on -year, and the overall decline in second- and third -tier cities has slowed down year -on -year."In general, there are difficulties and risks on the road, but the foundation accumulation of long -term development in my country is strong, the market space is broad, the innovation capabilities are enhanced. Ling Hui made the above conclusion.
** Wu Xiaobo: Chinese companies live in the "three lines" of food and clothing, profit and loss, life and death,
In the show, the host raised Chinese financial writer Wu Xiaobo that most companies lived on the "three lines". Large enterprises live on the "food and clothing line", medium -sized enterprises live on the "profit and loss line", and small and micro enterprises are the most dangerous, basically struggling on the "life and death line".
Chen Pokong pointed out the current situation of China. State -owned enterprises and state -owned enterprises monopolized the entire Chinese resources, including imports and exports such as mine, oil, and coal. Private enterprises were severely hit. SMEs like catering, hotels, and stalls hovering on the life and death line.
Chen Poong: "All companies are facing cold winter than cold winter. They are layoffs in large Chinese companies and small and medium -sized enterprises. Can unemployment be serious? The unemployment is seriously caused by the wrong policy in the past ten years."
"From the perspective of individual data, it will feel that China may be a cold or a cold, which is actually in the intensive care unit." Chen Songxing said.
He analyzed that China has habitual operation numbers, and liabilities account for 285%of the GDP ratio. If water is removed, the actual number is far more. 15%of the Chinese budget is paying interest. Old, there is no enough kinetic energy at all.
Chen Songxing: "Economic activity must be supported by the financial system, but the Chinese financial system is required to bear it. Real estate developers have bad assets and can not be included in. At this point, it is to explode Come out, but I can't find the countermeasures. "
Chen Songxing said pessimistic that unless it is solved from a fundamental structure, no feasible countermeasures are visible. Foreign capital withdrawal and "moisturizing" enterprises. He estimates that within three or five years, the social problems in China will emerge one by one, and it will be more serious, which will be a fierce challenge.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible Editor: Xu Shuting, Editor of Qingwang: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/hcm-06152023101737.html 
Uber will launch a long video advertise 
Author: Patrick Coffee
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-15T10:01:00.000Z
Description: Uber users will soon see long video advertisements on the company's online car application, food delivery service premium and alcohol sales platform Drizly.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Superior(Uber Technologies, UBER)Users will soon be in the company ’s online car application, food delivery service prefabrication(UberEats)And see long video advertisements on the wine sales platform Drizly.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BC%98%E6%AD%A5%E5%B0%86%E5%9C%A8%E6%97%97%E4%B8%8B%E4%BC%98%E9%A3%9F-drizly%E5%92%8C%E7%BD%91%E7%BA%A6%E8%BD%A6%E5%BA%94%E7%94%A8%E4%B8%8A%E6%8E%A8%E5%87%BA%E9%95%BF%E8%A7%86%E9%A2%91%E5%B9%BF%E5%91%8A-8ce934e7 
Canada Frozen AIIB's multilateral loan activities 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:15:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T12:20:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the headquarters of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (referred to as the Asian Investment Bank) in Beijing Agence France -Presse pictures. According to the British "Financial Times", Canada has recently frozen all multi -borrowing activities participating in the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (referred to as the Asian Investment Bank). The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is headquartered in Beijing. The Chinese government is the largest shareholder and has a voting right of 26.6%. At the same time, the bank's 106 member states include many Western countries, such as Canada, France, Italy, and the United Kingdom. At present, the president of the AIIB is Jin Liqun, former China Deputy Finance Minister. Bob Pipcard, the bank's Director -General of the Bank of Canada, resigned recently, claiming that the agency was managed by "Communist Party members who operated like internal secrets"; he flew to Tokyo on Wednesday (June 14) and said he was worried about Your own safety. Picad also said that he expressed his concerns of his influence on the party in writing twice in the past month. Subsequently, the Canadian Finance Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Christina Freland said that the Canadian government will immediately stop all government -led activities in the bank, and she will have the allegations of Picard and the "participation" of Canada's investment banks in the AIIB. Examine. The AIIB stated in a statement that Picard's "recent public comments and descriptions of banks have no basis and disappointment." The Chinese Embassy in Canada refuted Picard's criticism on Wednesday, saying it was "purely sensational and downright lies", and warned Canada that "the real risks facing global development are 'group confrontation' and 'New Cold War'". However, the operation of the Communist Party of China in international institutions was previously criticized. Last year, the Financial Times disclosed that HSBC became the first foreign bank to set up the Chinese Communist Party Committee in the Mainland subsidiary. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-06152023111520.html 
Six emergency meetings of Chinese officials and business leaders to discuss economic development 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:21:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:23:20-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In May 2023, the economy was downturn, and the official media of Chinese officials were standing for individual households, and no longer mentioned "the country's advancement and the people." According to Bloomberg, Reuters' Information Pictures, Chinese senior officials have held at least six meetings with business leaders and economists in recent weeks to urgently negotiate economic development issues. Participants revealed that officials focusing on the participants' suggestions on stimulating the economy, restoring their confidence in the private sector and the revitalization of the real estate industry. Enterprise leaders and economists call on the government to urgently revise policies and adopt more market -oriented growth methods, rather than planning. Participants also revealed that at a meeting two weeks ago, high -level government officials and about 10 people reached a consensus, arguing that more and better coordinated currency and fiscal stimulus measures were required. Since this year, the phenomenon of weak economic recovery in China is obvious to all. The data released on Thursday is likely to show that the Chinese economy has slowed further in May, retail sales have slowed down, industrial production has weaker, and fixed asset investment continues to face difficulties. Several executives of financial institutions said that they frequently received the requirements of regulatory agencies this year, asking them to report business data and challenges they face, and invite them to discuss economic issues. Some people in the industry said that the industry is paying attention to the Central Political Bureau meeting in July, looking forward to introducing more structural reforms to solve the problem of weak corporate confidence. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-06152023112041.html 
Australia intends to block the construction of a new embassy next to Congress on the grounds of security 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:27
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:27
Description: On the grounds of national security, Australia filed a bill to the parliament to cancel Russia's land rent for the construction of a new embassy in the capital of Canberra in the capital. Reuters report. The government ruled last month in the Federal Court that the deportation order issued by the State Capital Administration, which was responsible for planning, made this decision.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['澳大利亚', '俄罗斯', '大使馆']
On the grounds of national security, Australia filed a bill to the parliament to cancel Russia's land rent for the construction of a new embassy in the capital of Canberra in the capital.
Reuters report. The government ruled last month in the Federal Court that the deportation order issued by the State Capital Administration, which was responsible for planning, made this decision.
Russia currently holds a lease of land near the Congress Building in Kakara, where it is planned to build a new embassy there. The federal government tried to terminate the long -term lease agreement signed in 2008, but it was unsuccessful.
Australian Prime Minister Albanis told reporters on Thursday (June 15): "The government has received very clear security suggestions that Russia has brought risks to the construction of new buildings in such a close construction of the Parliament Building."
"Today's decision is made for Australia's national security interests." He said that the government will take action quickly to ensure that the leased venue will not become official diplomatic agencies.
The termination of the lease will not affect Russia's existing embassies in Canberra. The current Soviet embassy in Russia is far from the Capitol Building.
According to reports, Russia obtained a lease in 2008 and obtained a construction permit in 2011, but the Capital Administration pointed out that the land of the Embassy was idle.
The Minister of Internal Affairs and Network Security, Clare O’neil, explained that the "main problem" of the second Russian embassy in the proposal is its position because the location is adjacent to the parliamentary building.
The bill is supported by the opposition alliance and is expected to be passed in the two houses.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404481 
Fighting against the "Belt and Road" debt trap, American lawmakers are surprising 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (许宁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:28:52+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 03:28:52Z
Description: China's "Belt and Road" initiative has been widely criticized internationally internationally because of its debt trap because of the poor country that is eager for development, and the global output of Chinese -style corruption has also allowed Beijing to obtain improper advantages in competition with Western democratic countries in international projects. US councilors suggested that US credit rating agencies should adjust the debt rating methods of developing countries threatened by Chinese debt traps and call on intelligence agencies to announce the details of Beijing's overseas bribery.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中贸易', '国会报道', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-china-belt-and-road-20230614/7138165.html 
The entire economy fell to the National Bureau of Statistics announced the data of May 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:30:16-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:30:16-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The National Bureau of Statistics of China announced the economic data of China on Thursday. In May, the added value of industrial industries above designated size increased by 3.5%year -on -year, 2.1 percentage points fell by 2.1 percentage from the previous month. The official website of the National Bureau of Statistics of China announced the economic data of China on Thursday on Thursday, indicating that the main economic indicators of China fell across the line in the month, which is generally not as expected as market expectations. Among them, the total retail sales of consumer goods in May increased by 12.7%year -on -year, 5.7 percentage points fell from last month, and weaker than expected(13.1%); In May, the added value of industries above designated size increased by 3.5%year-on-year, 2.1 percentage points fell sharply from the previous month, which is consistent with expectations. At the same time, from January to May, the investment of fixed assets without farmers increase 0.7 percentage points in the monthly fall, which is also lower than market expectations(4.4%)Essence In addition, the real estate market continued to weaken, and the new construction area of houses decreased by 22.6%year-on-year, and the decrease was 1.4 percentage points from January-April. Investment in real estate development decreased by 7.2%year-on-year, one percentage points expanded from January to April. It is also worth noting that the unemployment rate at the age of 16-24 in May is 20.8%, and in April, this number was 20.4%; in March 19.6%, which means that the unemployment rate at this age group is nearly three months in nearly three months. Rising continuously. The National Bureau of Statistics mainly attributed the situation of the economy to the influence of the base of the same period last year. In addition, the Bureau of Statistics also stated that the recovery of the world economic recovery is still weak, and the contraction and spillover effect of the major developed economies has appeared, and there are many factors that are unstable and uncertain; domestic aspects, due to insufficient market demand, low prices, and the foundation of economic recovery. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-06152023112247.html 
TIKTOK enters e -commerce Southeast Asian market market share rapidly growing up 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Singapore, 15th) The report released today shows that the new adventure of TIKTOK, a short audio -visual application of Beijing's Beijing byte beating, is being rewarded. Southeast Asia grabbed considerable market share.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Momentum Works, a Singapore advisory company focusing on the start -up company, wrote in the report that after the e -commerce platform Tiktokshop tested the water temperature in Indonesia in 2021, a large number of users using this popular audio and video application in 2022 expanded business.
Although Tiktokshop still lags behind the old -fashioned opponent Shopee and Lazada, it has grown the fastest. Last year, the total commodity transaction (GMV) had reached about 4.4 billion US dollars. The total amount of commodity transactions is the total value of sales of goods, including cancellation, return and refund orders.
Weite Venture Capital Director Weihan Chen (transliteration) told AFP: "You can see it as a loyal audience who has joined for entertainment. Powerful to buy and GMV. "
He said that Tiktok SHOP began in Indonesia, "actively expanded to five other Southeast Asian markets, many of which have a large number of Tiktok users" and invested in improving their e -commerce capabilities.
TIKTOK is owned by Chinese Internet Technology Giant Bytedance.
On the whole, the total amount of commodity transactions in the nine e -commerce platforms in Southeast Asia in 2022 is estimated to be nearly 100 billion US dollars, an increase of 14%over the same period last year. Among them, the shrimp skin headquarters in Singapore and the subsidiaries of Alibaba Group, China, and the subsidiaries of China.
The report said that the shrimp skin of Singapore's SEA Limited accounted for $ 47.9 billion of the total amount, an increase of 13%over last year.
Lai Zanda lags far behind shrimp skin with a 201 million US dollars, and is below $ 21 billion in 2021.
The e -commerce platform Tokopedia is operated in the Indonesian market, ranking 3rd for $ 18.4 billion. (Translator: Lin Yifeng/Calculating Draft: Lin Zhiping)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230615-tiktok%E8%BF%9B%E5%86%9B%E7%94%B5%E5%AD%90%E5%95%86%E5%8A%A1-%E4%B8%9C%E5%8D%97%E4%BA%9A%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E5%B8%82%E5%8D%A0%E7%8E%87%E5%BF%AB%E9%80%9F%E6%88%90%E9%95%BF 
China ’s labor and capital conflicts have reached a new high of seven years 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:38:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:40:08-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A handbag factories in Nanlang Street, Zhongshan City, Guangdong Province, all gathered in the corner of the plant to strike. Photo on March 26, 2015. According to Reuters, the Associated Press Information According to Reuters, the "China Labor Newsletter" of China Labor Human Rights, based in Hong Kong, learned that in the first five months of this year, more than 140 strikes occurred in factories across China, a new high in seven years. The highest record of the last time appeared in 2016, when 313 strikes occurred in the first five months. "China Labor Newsletter" believes that China's economic downturn, exports and factories have declined, and factories have difficulty paying workers' salaries and forced to lay off or closes. And the decrease in manufacturing orders and the closure of the factory may continue. The report also pointed out that the data collected by "China Labor Newsletter" is a protest message obtained through social media platforms. Some of the messages were confirmed through the organization's connection in trade unions or factories, but not all reports were verified. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-06152023113309.html 
A magnitude 6.2 earthquake occurred in the Philippines 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:42
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:53
Description: A magnitude 6.2 earthquake occurred in the Philippines, and the local authorities warned that the aftershocks might occur, and the earthquake could cause damage. Xinhua News Agency quoted the formal determination of the China Earthquake Network: At 10:19 on Thursday (June 15), at the Philippines (13.8 degrees north latitude, 120.85 degrees east longitude) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['菲律宾', '地震']
A magnitude 6.2 earthquake occurred in the Philippines, and the local authorities warned that the aftershocks might occur, and the earthquake could cause damage.
Xinhua News Agency quoted the formal determination of the China Earthquake Network: At 10:19 on Thursday (June 15), a magnitude 6.2 earthquake occurred in the Philippines (13.8 degrees north latitude and 120.85 degrees east longitude), with a depth of 100 kilometers in the earthquake.
Agence France -Presse reported that the earthquake occurred in areas about three hours from the capital Manila, and there was also a sense of earthquake in the densely populated areas such as Manila.
The director of Calatagan Police, Emir Menodosa, said that he and his staff rushed outside after the earthquake, and he told AFP reporters: "It is a bit strong. We have to run outside. "
Monada said that there is no immediately report on casualties or damage, but disaster management departments have been deployed to evaluate the impact of the earthquake.
Ronald Totoris, an official of Karata Catalog, said the earthquake lasted 30 to 60 seconds.
The earthquake prompted people to rush out of the capital of the capital. Information Officer of the Civil Defense Office, Diego Mariano said the authorities are evaluating the impact of the earthquake. He said: "As of the report time, there is no major loss or casualties. The evaluation is still in progress."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404483 
U.S. and Germany -headed G7 countries to reduce risks and not decompose in China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T11:52:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:26:54-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 U.S. Minister of Finance Yellen said at a hearing held by the Financial Services Commission of the Federal House of Representatives on June 13 that if the United States decouples with China in trade, "it will be a huge mistake." Associated Press picture AUDIO-LLTTPS://www.rfa.org/Mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx1-0615202311526.html/@stream US Treasury Secretary Janetyellen believes that trying to decide with China will be a huge mistake. She advocates reducing risks, but it is by no means decoupled. Silver loan. The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs refuted that World Bank did not belong to the United States. German Chancellor Olafscholz released the first national security strategic document, and also stated that it reduced China's risk but not decoupled.
Xi Jinping's response to the "extreme situation" Hong Kong media alert: China may be broken by the global broken chain * The United States calls on the allies to fight against China Challenge scholars: the United States and Europe are still different from China 
U.S. Minister of Finance Yellen on June 13 held a hearing held at the House Financial ServicesCom Mitee on June 13 that although the United States and China need to be resolved, if the United States is decoupled from China, the United States will "be decoupled from China," It is a huge mistake. " Yellen said that the trade between the United States and China has brought a positive role in the US economy. Once the United States stops trade with China, the consequences will be "catastrophic."
Yellen emphasized that of course, the United States should seek reducing risks in the US -China trade, but "must not be decoupled."
In this regard, Zhong Zhidong, assistant researcher at the "National Security Research Institute" of the Ministry of National Defense Think Tank, accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia and said: "The United States does not decompose to China. Decoming and competing relationships must not only avoid dependence, but also emphasize the possibility of cooperation and benefits of each other. When is the so -called negative risk of deductions, it depends on the security issues of the two sides in the entire economic and trade competition. "
US President Bayeng last month at a press conference after the Seven Industrial Group (G7) summit in Hiroshima, Japan, stated that the consensus reached by countries must not be decoupled with China, but to risk the relationship between China. To avoid excessive relying on a country.
U.S. President Biden Biden said on May 21, 2023 at a press conference at the Seven Industrial Group (G7) Summit of Hiroshima, Japan, that the consensus reached by countries must not be decoupled with China, but to risk the relationship between China. The chain is diversified to avoid excessive relying on a country. (Associated Press picture) Strengthen the supply chain toughness In response to China's economic coercion 
Zhong Zhidong mentioned that recently, it is reported that the United States is ready to open a company's high -end chip to sell to Huawei to cause the stock market to respond. Will Brinken relax the control of China after visiting the United States? It is worth observing.
Zhong Zhidong said: "The seven major industrial states have hung a hat to the Communist Party of China called the" economic coercion ", and emphasized the risk of risks, and then advocated a concept of anti -decoupling. If they want to exist between the two, it is pragmatic to respond to China's global economic influence. In case of the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine, dependence on Russia's energy, the risk is to emphasize the toughness of its economy and avoid dependence on China. "
In addition, Germany released its first national security strategy on the 14th, saying that China was "partners, competitors and systemic opponents", and accused Beijing of trying to reshape the global international order in various ways, increase its strength to establish a dominant position, and time and over time, and again and again, again and again. The interests and values that deviate from Germany violate the interests of this European country. This document also criticized China to stabilize regional stability and international security "under the pressure of rising" and ignore human rights. However, admitting that this Asian power "is still an indispensable partner to solve many global challenges and crises.
Germany Prime Minister Tsutz also said that Germany "does not want to decompose and wants to reduce risks." China's integration of world trade should not be damaged, but the security issues brought by must be considered.
In addition, New Zealand Prime Minister Higgins announced on the 12th that it will lead the trade delegation to visit Beijing, Tianjin and Shanghai, China at the end of June. It also said that the trade between the two parties is "very tough". China is also New Zealand's largest trading partner and the largest export destination country.
The western camp loosening the "red supply chain" Gu concerns ? 
In the interview with members of Germany, France, European Executive Committee, New Zealand, and Australian officials, Li Qiang visited Germany, and the United States and German politics should explain and continue to communicate with Chinese business. Farewell, be loose?
Tan Yaonan, the chairman of the Cross -Strait Policy Association, interpreted in an interview with Radio Asia in Liberty: "Before talking about the concept of decoupling, is there a Chinese supply chain? Or a non -Chinese supply chain question? Taiwan has regulations on the restrictions on the export control restrictions of China's high -tech, key technology, and emerging technology. In addition to these, there is no concept of decoupling, and there is no problem with different supply chains. It is necessary to ensure that in various industries, fields, and supply chains are very smooth. "Tan Yaonan said: "It is common to sanctions against South Korea, Australia, and Taiwan as a means of retaliation. This is considered to be economic coercion and takes the economy as a tool for national and country competition. Of course, this is considered unacceptable, so it is said that For the toughness of the supply chain, to ensure that there is no problem, it is not to decompose with China, but to de -risk and decentralization. In case China suddenly uses trade sanctions as an economic coercion weapon, it is enough to decentralized risks to ensure that the supply chain is not interrupted. "
Zhong Zhidong also said that from Yellen, New Zealand, and Germany's statements, the G7 joint communiqué did not take off the G7, the so -called de -risk, non -decourse, and implementing each parliament to consider their practices. After all, China is the second largest economy in the world. Under globalization, it is closely related to the overall financial system of the international financial system. It is impossible to cut it.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, and Qi Qing.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx1-06152023111526.html 
Is Cuba's secret military base the prison station of China? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T11:58:00Z
Description: Last week, American media reported that China plans to set up eavesdropping facilities in Cuba. China has denied it. Reuters reporters personally went to the town of Behubar in Cuba, where the military base there was once hidden in the Soviet nuclear warhead. U.S. Senator Rubio has accused China of using this base to monitor the United States a few years ago.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '古巴', '斯诺登', '美国']
Keywords: ['古巴', '中国', '美国', '监听', '苏联', '导弹危机']
Id: 65922292
The town of Behubar is only more than 30 kilometers away from Havana, and has been a mysterious place for a long time.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The jungle covered by the quiet town of Bejucal in Cuban is covered. At the end of the road is a wire with a wire with a "military restricted area, do not enter" warning sign.
The United States has long suspected that China has collected information here. Reuters reporters were fortunate to get the opportunity to go to Belubar Town to find out.
On June 8th, the Wall Street Journal quoted anonymous news that China plans to build an eavesdropping facility in Cuba. White House The initial response pointed out that the news was "inaccurate", but a few days later, anonymous officials confirmed to major media that China has established military and intelligence facilities in Cuba since 2019 to collect American emotion.
Reuters of Reuters saw a large number of antennas on the mountains in Behubar, and a white metal dome that looked connected to the antenna was looming in the dense jungle. Some people with unknown identities took a motorcycle to take pictures of Reuters reporters.
A document completed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCCC) in November 2022 pointed out that the United States believes that the little -known Cuban military base that is only 187 kilometers away from Florida is used to intercept the electronic communications of the United States. The report states that China uses the Cuban intelligence facilities in the former Soviet Union to collect signal information.
This document was drafted by a committee, including the US Department of Homeland Security and the Ministry of Justice, and some of the contents of the reasons for refusing to apply for the submarine optical fiber communication cable Arcos-1 to connect Cuba and the United States.
On Monday (June 12), a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Wang Wenbin once again responded to a question about China ’s“ spy centers ”in Cuba at the journalist. A series of conflicts of self -conflict were scattered on the construction of the 'spy facility' in Cuba, and once again staged a farce of "the United States to negate the United States'. What I want to say is that it is true that it is true. How to make rumors and discredit, it can't destroy the sincere friendship between the Middle Ages, and it can't hide the large -scale and different eavesdropping of the United States to the world's countries in the world. "
Cuba said that the only military invasion of its territory is the US base in Guotanamo.
In an interview with the American Broadcasting Corporation (MSNBC), a spokesman for the White House National Security Council last week, denied reports on the Wall Street Journal about the secret construction of China and Cuba's secret construction of spy facilities in the Wall Street Journal. This report is "inaccurate" Essence
The White House National Security Council did not respond to Reuters' inquiries. It has not confirmed that the Behuma Military Base is used by China as a monitoring base, nor said it is still paying attention to the matter.
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited Latin America in 2014 to meet with former Cuban President Lalestro.
Reuters reporters saw a large amount of sugar cane and bananas in the town of Behubar. The locals work in farmland, riding a bicycle or riding.
61 -year -old ARNALDOPEREZ has lived in Behubar since birth. He said he didn't know who was used on the mountain. He said: "I only know these are related to the army. But I am a rural person, I just care about my own business."
Cuba, a silent town in Cuba, has been a mysterious place for a long time. It is only 30 kilometers away from Havana. In the Cuban missile crisis in 1962, it was discovered by the US reconnaissance aircraft to be hidden in the Soviet nuclear warhead. This town has become known for this.
The Cuban missile crisis ended with the Soviet Union withdrawn from Cuba. Although this crisis lasts shortly, it is still an important event in the history of the history of the national security and the preparation of the nuclear war, and it is usually considered to be the closest to the cold war to the closest to the full nuclear war.
In 2016, Marco Rubio, a Cuban -American Florida Senator, took the lead in demanding that the Havana government removed the "Chinese Survening Station in Behacar".
Fultonarmstrong, a senior analyst of Cuban Affairs in the United States, said that people knew little about Behubar. He said: "According to today's science and technology level, building a monitoring station (for China) is not of much significance." He said that Beijing now has more advanced monitoring equipment and technology.
However, he also said that Cuba as his own base is symbolic for Beijing because China is deeply dissatisfied with the United States' spy activities in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea.
A retired military official in the United States said that Cuba was close to the equator and monitored the synchronized military satellite on the earth.
In 2019, Reuters also reported that the Chinese military operated a space monitoring station in Argentina.
When a Reuters reporter interviewed local residents in the town of Behuma, everyone said that they did not see or heard that China has participated in the local area in recent years. Many people say that Russia can enter the town military base.
Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the continuous deterioration of Russian -US relations has exacerbated people's speculation on Russian President Putin's may be considered in the re -opening spy base in Lourdes. It was the Soviet spy base during the Cold War.
The 36 -year -old farmer, onlvis despaigne, lives near the Behubar base. He said that if China is here to collect information here, he will have heard of it.
"It's all rumors," he grinned while weeding, "Everyone here knows everything."
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/古巴的秘密军事基地是中国的监听站吗？/a-65922292?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
" Changsha Fuguan Case & Quot;: Cheng Yuan disclosed that Chishan Prison implemented corporal punishment and forced labor 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T12:01:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:23:35-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Cheng Yuan, the person in charge of China Public Welfare Organization "Changsha Fulian", Twitter [Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/renquanfazhi/gf 06152023100636.html/@@stream(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-06152023100636.html/@@stream)Recently, the public welfare organization "Changsha Fenng", who was sentenced to five years in prison by the Chinese authorities, met with his family members. Cheng Yuan condemned inhuman treatment such as Hunan Chishan Prison for corporal punishment, and long -term forced labor, which led to his physical and mental herself. Family plans to sue Chishan Prison, but no lawyer is willing to represent the case.
Shi Minglei revealed that Cheng Yuan was suffered from abuse and corruption and personality humiliation in prison * Changsha Fulian Case: Family members are still forced to work in the prison and are still forced to work 
Cheng Yuan, who has been unable to contact with the outside world for a long time, meets his brother and sister at Chishan Prison in Hunan this week. His wife in the United States, Shi Minglei, said that his prison career and forced labor have caused a problem with her husband's body.
Shi Minglei: "(Cheng Yuan) is very very thin, only about fifty kilograms, which is about a hundred pounds. He stepped on the sewing machine inside and twelve hours a day. After white, there is also a problem with the body's function, toothache, and the teeth are beginning to fall off. "
The news of the suspected abuse of prisoners in Chishan Prison in Hunan has attracted much attention from the international community. According to Cheng Yuan, he was "detained and closed" last year, that is, three months during the three -month period of the high alert supervision area, he had been abused by prisons and humiliation. He also disclosed that his family did not receive his call for a long time.
Shi Minglei: "They asked Cheng Yuan to write ideas. Cheng Yuan refused, and they asked Cheng Yuan to stand in the military posture for twelve hours a day. When he was sleeping every night, he would wake him up every hour and let him let him make him. Get up and punish the station. He wants to wash his face, brush his teeth, wash dishes, and even drink water with the water in the toilet. From July last year to the present, Cheng Yuan has not called at home, because the authorities need to call Kneel, and you need to call a report before you can call. "
Shi Minglei (pictured) hopes that the experience of her husband Cheng Yuan has attracted the attention of the international community (Shi Minglei is exclusively provided, and the shooting date is unknown) ** Family members intend to sue Chishan Prison for Cheng Yuan.
Cheng Yuan, who has been sentenced to five years, is expected to be released from prison next year. The family members believe that the relevant measures of Chishan Prison are illegal, and they plan to sue the prison and appeal to Cheng Yuan. But so far, no lawyer is willing to take over the agent.
Shi Minglei: "The lawyers we were looking for now agreed, but when the family asked for the law, they all said that the law firm did not approve the formalities. We guess that their law firm was threatened."
Pan Jiawei, a visiting researcher at the University of Tokyo, Japan, believes that Cheng Yuan's encounter is not a special case in China.
Pan Jiawei: "It is not allowed to meet the parties and family members and lawyers, which will cause these situations to be unveiled. Even if the outside world is informed, it cannot be effectively handled. The attention of the international community is the only channel for the parties and their families to rely on."
The public welfare organization "Changsha Funer" has long paid attention to the rights of disabled people. In July 2019, Changsha Guoan took Cheng Yuan and his two colleagues. After that, the three were judged to be established by the crime of subverting the state power. After the family analyzed the latest judgment content, it was believed that "Changsha Fusen" touched the nerves of the authorities because of defending the rights and interests of the labor and became the fuse of the three of them.
Reporter: Editor of Gao Feng: Xu Shuting, He Ping.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-06152023100636.html 
Indian wrestling girls will be chairman of the association after the demonstration of the demonstration. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T12:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T11:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New Delhi, 15th) Sexual Sao Bo was burned into Indian Sports. The Indian police said today that it has proposed sexual harassment and allegations of Sao Sao of the President of the Indian Crosswa. Earlier, many Indian wrestling women will demonstrate and ask for arrest.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In April of this year, a group of female wrestling players sitting in the Indian capital, Siri, protest, demanding that the chairman of the Wrestling Federation ofindia and the Bharatiya Janata Party members of the Indian Association, Bharatiya Janata Parth.
India's first wrestling girl to win the Olympic medal, Sakshi Malik and other Indian female wrestling champions accused Xinhe stretched out salty pigs to female athletes, and also asked to provide sexual services.
Delhi Police stated in the statement that after the investigation, they accused the Indian criminal law allegations of Singhe sexual harassment and illegal tracking harassment.
Sin He's assistant secretary Vinod Tomar also faces the same allegations and criminal intimidation and help.
However, the police said a minor had withdrawn his allegations against Xinhe.
Prosecutor Atul Shrivastava has confirmed that many lawsuits have been filed.
The reporter could not immediately contact the wrestling players to comment.
A policeman pointed out that more than 155 people were interrogated in the investigation of Xinhe last week. The survey was in accordance with the top wrestling players in India for a few months.
In an interview with the media yesterday, Yayou denied all the charges he proposed.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E5%8D%B0%E5%BA%A6%E8%A7%92%E5%8A%9B%E5%A5%B3%E5%B0%86%E7%A4%BA%E5%A8%81%E6%8A%97%E8%AE%AE%E5%90%8E-%E5%8D%8F%E4%BC%9A%E4%B8%BB%E5%B8%AD%E9%81%AD%E6%8E%A7%E6%80%A7%E9%AA%9A%E7%AD%89%E7%BD%AA 
Egypt's application for joining the BRICS country is intended to "go to the US dollar" 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T12:03
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T12:03
Description: Russia's Ambassador to Egypt, Borrian, said that Egypt has officially applied to join the BRICS cooperation mechanism and is very interested in "de -US dollar". The China News Agency quoted Berry Xianke said: "Egypt has submitted to apply for a BRICS country because one of the current initiative is ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['金砖国家', '埃及']
Russian Ambassador to Egypt Burry Xianke said that Egypt has officially applied to join BRICS The cooperation mechanism is very interested in "going to the US dollar".
The China News Agency quoted Berry Xianke said: "Egypt has submitted to apply for a BRICS country because one of the current initiative is to transfer trade as much as possible to alternative currencies outside the US dollar. . Egypt is very interested in this. "Borrianko said that Egypt is eager to strengthen trade and economic cooperation with Russia and is establishing a new payment mechanism for trade transactions.
Egypt's supply and domestic Minister of Trade Musselli said that Egypt is seeking use of local currency settlements when importing products from BRICS countries such as India, China and Russia. It is reported that the BRICS countries are currently discussing the possibility of creating a new currency form, and its specific content will be announced during the South African summit.
Rosseff, former President of Brazil and the Governor of the New Development Bank of BRICS, pointed out at the annual meeting of the 8th Director of the New Development Bank on May 30 that it attracts more capital and different currencies in more markets, and uses the principles of members of a member country. Providing investment and financing services is a major priority of the new Development Bank in the future. At present, the amount of financing provided by the new Development Bank with the total amount of financing provided by the national national currency accounts for about 22%of the total investment. It is hoped that the proportion will be further increased to 30%in the future.
Russian political scientist Boldachev said that Egypt's joining the BRICS countries will make the organization's position on global issues more comprehensive. The BRICS countries now represent the voices of Asia, Africa and Latin America, and incorporation Egypt will enable the organization to take into account the Arab world.
In addition, Saudi Arabia's "Middle East" commented that, in view of Egypt's pivotal political influence and economic volume, its addition will further increase the weight, role and impact of the brick countries, making the colorfulness of the BRICS countries more glittering, and more glittering. Essence
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404487 
Blingken is about to visit China, and China and the United States want to promote more high -level diplomacy 
Creator: 黄安伟
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-15T12:18:28+08:00
Description: This will be the first visit to China as the Secretary of State. His previous interview plan was put on hold for the spy balloon incident. He will emphasize the importance of maintaining open communication to Beijing. The meeting may set the road for more high -level diplomatic diplomacy this year. Haiyun Jiang for the New York Times in early February, a Chinese spy balloon flew over the United States over the United States, causing the political and public to be uproar. Brin Ken had to cancel the plan to visit China on the day of departure.
Images: [" 14dc-china-di... "]
Category: 美国
Type: Article
 The U.S. State Department announced on Wednesday that State Secretary of State Brills plans to start visiting Beijing on Friday to emphasize the "importance" of "maintaining open communication channels to manage with responsibilities" to Chinese officials.
Blint also plans to "propose bilateral concerns, global and regional affairs, and the possibility of cooperation in common transnational challenges."
In early February, a Chinese spy balloon flew over the United States over the United States, causing politics and the public to be uproar. Bollingan had to be on the day of departure canceled the planned visits to China ,rearrange. He planned to meet with officials for two days in Beijing this time, and then flew to London to participate in a conference focusing on Ukraine reconstruction.
Why is this important: Despite the tight relations, the United States and China still want to maintain high -level diplomacy. 
advertise
This will be the first visit to China as the Secretary of State. Chinese and American officials are still exploring whether he will meet with Chinese leaders Xi Jinping.
Both governments hope that this visit can promote senior US officials to conduct a series of visits to China this summer. U.S. officials who may visit China in the future include the Minister of Finance Yellen, the Minister of Commerce Raymond, and the special envoy of climate issues.
These visits may pave the way for Xi Jinping to go to San Francisco to participate in the Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation Organization National Group Leadership Summit, and President Biden will also participate in the summit.
The two governments of the two countries have regarded high -level diplomacy as a potential anchor point in tensions that have been upgraded for several years. Under the leadership of Xi Jinping, who came to power in 2012, China took tough operations in its surrounding areas and seemed to apply greater economic and foreign influence globally, and sometimes it was a way of coercion. Biden continued the policy direction of the Trump administration, seeking to compete with China through military, economic, diplomatic, technology and intelligence.
"It's time for dense diplomacy," said Kurt Campbell, a senior official of the White House Asian affairs, said at a call blowing with the media on Wednesday. "This is not a strategic change, nor is it a new thing for the United States to govern the country."
Background: China believes that the purpose of the US policy is to limit its strength. 
Campbell enumerated the approach of Biden's government, saying that it has achieved a certain degree of coordination in terms of policy to limit the tough behavior of China's Chinese officials. The United States has persuaded European allies to make more remarks on the areas of tight relations with Chinese relations and strengthen military alliances and partnerships in the Asia -Pacific region (including Australia, Japan and the Philippines).
advertise
Chinese officials opposed these actions, saying that the United States tried to surround their country. The Chinese government claims to have sovereignty over the entire South China Sea, including de facto independent islands Taiwan. The U.S. Navy regularly dispatches warships and aircraft through these areas to maintain navigation and transit freedom. Several times almost a conflict Essence
Chinese officials also condemned the United States and their allies to try to "risk risks" in terms of economic aspects, and "de -risk" means that they tried to cut off certain business connections because of concern for national security. The most striking example is that the Bayeng government prohibits the export of certain chips and tools to China to advanced semiconductor industry that hinders China develop.
What will happen next: Diplomats talk about conflict and cooperation. 
"We came to Beijing with a realistic, confident attitude and sincere desire to deal with our competition in the most responsible way as possible." Essence "We really hope that this goal will be achieved at least. Of course, we really want to make progress on some specific issues."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/usa/20230615/blinken-china-visit/ 
The National Security Counselor of the United States, Japan, and South Korea discusses China and North Korea issues 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T12:27:00Z
Description: According to the White House report, the national security advisers of the United States, Japan, and South Korea discussed the issues such as maintaining the stability of the Taiwan Strait, coordinating the East China Sea and the South China Sea Affairs, and the North Korean military and reserve development plan on June 15, and determined the next step to strengthen cooperation.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美', '中日关系', '东中国海主权争端', '南中国海主权争端']
Keywords: ['美国国家安全顾问', '日本国家安全官', '韩国国家安全事务顾问', '中美关系', '中日关系', '朝鲜半岛', '东海', '南海', '台海']
Id: 65922349
In the statement, the White House pointed out that the partnership between the United States and Japan and South Korea is more powerful and potential than ever.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) US Guoan Advisor Sarawan (Jake Sullivan)In Tokyo and Japan's national security officer Akihamu, Zhao Taiyong, a South Korean national security affairs consultant, discussed the issues involving North Korea and China. In the statement, the White House pointed out that the three sides of the United States, Japan and South Korea Partnership is stronger and more potential than ever. In addition, the three national security consultants also discussed issues such as science and technology, energy security, and "fighting economic coercion". A few months later, US President Bynden will host the Summit of the three leaders of the United States, Japan and South Korea.
Shortly after the White House statement was released, the South Korean military notified that North Korea fired another ballistic missile. Earlier, Pyongyang protested a real bomb exercise conducted by South Korea and the United States.
In terms of issues involving China, the White House stated that the three countries of the Three Kingdoms "discussed the possibility of coordination in the East China Sea and the South China Sea, and emphasized the importance of maintaining the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait."
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
US military can enter more Philippine military bases 
The US Secretary of Defense Austin announced an agreement with the Philippines that enabled the United States to enter the Philippines' other four military bases. In this way, the U.S. army can keep an eye on two key locations: the disputed area of the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. According to officials, about 500 U.S. soldiers are duty every day in the Philippines, and the country allows U.S. forces to stay in the designated Philippine barracks.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
U.S. Defense: Strengthen the alliance to deal with China's illegal claims 
At a press conference with the Philippine Defense Secretary Carlito Galvezjr. Right) at the present conference where Manila attended together, US Defense Secretary Austin said that the efforts of strengthening the alliance "continued to advance its illegal claims in the Western Philippines Sea in China Particularly important". In response, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning accused the United States of pursuing the "selfish agenda" through new military arrangements, saying that this was "exacerbating the tension in the region and endangering regional peace and stability."
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula 
US Defense Minister Austin also announced in Seoul that advanced military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula, including fighter jets and aircraft carriers, to promote joint training and planning. He and South Korean Defense Minister Li Zhongzheng reached an agreement on expanding the United States and South Korea ’s joint military exercises, and also discussed the preparations for simulation exercises in February. North Korea fired dozens of missiles in 2022, including missiles that may have nuclear capabilities, aiming to combat South Korea and the United States. The United States therefore resumed large -scale military exercises last year to strengthen the deterrent of Pyongyang. North Korea officially stated that it was ready to fight against US military operations with "the most overwhelming nuclear force".
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Adjust the US military garrison in Okinawa Island 
In January 2023, the United States and Japan agreed to adjust the United States' garrison in Okinawa. Some of the reason for strengthening anti -ship capabilities and preparing for China invading Taiwan or other hostile behaviors in the South China Sea or the East China Sea in China. Japan is the place where the United States has the most places outside the country, including about 18,000 U.S. Marine War members, and most of them are stationed in the main base of Okinawa. Although Japan and Taiwan do not have formal diplomatic relations, they have close and informal relationships and have common concerns about China's continuous enhanced military activities.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Restarting in the Solomon Islands Embassy 
The United States has restored the US Embassy in the Solomon Islands that has closed since 1993. U.S. Secretary of U.S. Sublinger claims that this is a commitment to partnerships in the Indo -Pacific region. In April last year, the secret security agreement signed with China and China caused concerns about Western powers, that is, the Soonia Islands may provide a foothold for China in the Pacific region. The State Department of the United States stated that the embassy that reopening there is a priority against China's increased influence in the region.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Selling weapons to Taiwan 
The United States has no formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan, but it is the main military supporter of Taiwan. For decades, Washington has sold "defensive" weapons to Taiwan based on the "Relations with Taiwan". After August last August, after the Speaker of the House of Representatives in the United States House, Plogsi visited Taiwan, the Chinese PLA launched the largest real -scale military exercise in the surrounding waters around Taiwan for decades. Then in September, the Bayeng government announced the 6th degree of Taiwan military sales case worth 1.16 billion US dollars. The US Ginseng Institute also passed the "National Defense Authorization Act" at the end of last year. The law plans to send US government officials to Taiwan to strengthen the bilateral cooperation of the United States and Taiwan.
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美日韩国家安全顾问共商中国及朝鲜议题/a-65922349?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Indonesian Constitution Court rejected the change of the change of the change of the election before the variable was reduced again 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T12:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T12:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Jakarta on the 15th of the comprehensive power of comprehensive law.) The Indonesian Constitutional Court today rejected several politicians to change the petition voting system for the Parliament's voting system and rejected the current open list to the original closed type. Indonesia will hold a president and Congress election eight months later. This proposal will be criticized to attack democracy.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Indonesia's former dictatorship, Suharto, implemented a closed list voting system, that is, voters can only vote for party votes, and then they will be selected as members of Congress by party leaders.
After Suharto stepped down in 1998, Indonesia continued to implement a closed list voting system. It was not until 2008 that it was changed to the open list system, that is, voters could vote directly to individual members.
Six people including the Indonesian ruling party struggling the Democratic Party (PDI-P) Parliament of Parliament made a petition to the Indonesian Constitutional Court last year, saying that the opening list voting to make money among candidates, such as buying tickets.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E5%8D%B0%E5%B0%BC%E5%AE%AA%E6%B3%95%E6%B3%95%E9%99%A2%E9%A9%B3%E5%9B%9E%E6%9B%B4%E6%94%B9%E9%80%89%E5%88%B6%E8%AF%B7%E6%84%BF-%E5%A4%A7%E9%80%89%E5%89%8D%E5%8F%98%E6%95%B0%E5%86%8D%E5%87%8F 
Japanese self -defense player shooting the target of two deaths or 52 -year -old instructor 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T12:55
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T12:55
Description: The shooting of the Skinth Self -Defense Force of the Hittheon in Gifu City, Japan caused two deaths and one injury. The suspected attempted murder was arrested on the spot (18 years old) that the died 52 -year -old instructor was reprimanded. Kyodo News On Wednesday (June 14) interviewers learned that the case handling staff learned that ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '枪击案', '枪击', '死亡']
The shooting of the shooting caused by the shooting caused by the shooting of the shooting of the shooting of the shooting The male self -defense officer (18 years old), who was suspected of attempt to be arrested on the spot, said that the died 52 -year -old instructor reprimand himself.
Kyodo News On Wednesday (June 14), the personnel handling the case learned that the alternate student with automatic rifle shooting also said that he did not intend to aim on another 25 -year -old player who died. He was killed.
Gifu County Police and Lu Zizheng police team suspected that the target of the attack may be the instructor, and was investigating whether there was a dispute or a situation at the time of the incident. In an interview with the Ministry of Defense Hamadida Jing, the Defense Province said, "It has caused great concern to the people and sincerely apologize."
The Land Self -Defense Force and the Chief of the Land Staff Mori Mori held a press conference in the Ministry of Defense on the 14th. They apologized that "the organization that uses weapons cannot happen, and it is very serious."
According to Lu Zi, the died 52 -year -old players bombed in their chests, and the 25 -year -old players were hit on the side of the abdomen. Another team member was injured in his left foot.
The shooter uses the "89 -type 5.56 mm rifle" borrowed to the players when entering the team, which can switch single shots and connection. Film training in a total of five times, four of which use real bombs. The 14th was the last training. About 70 candidates, about 50 instructors, and other players who were responsible for guidance totaling 120 participated. On the same day, the assessment of the players had to be equipped with a gun.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404496 
NATO Secretary -General Stolten Berge: The successor will be determined by the member country 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T13:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T12:50:01+00:00
Description: (AFP, Brussels, 15th) Student Berge, Secretary -General of the North Atlantic Testive Organization (NATO), said today that no matter whether he has to further extend his 9 -year term, or to serve as the secretary general, it will depend on NATO on the NATO 31 member states.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Before the NATO summit held in the Lithuanian capital of Vilnius in mid -July, the member states were enthusiastically discussed the relevant matters related to the successor to replace the position of Jensstoltenberg.
Steten Berg has been the Secretary -General of NATO since 2014. Last year, due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, his term was extended for one year to October this year.
In the potential replacement, Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen was the most optimistic, and Ben Wallace, British Defense Minister, also stated.
However, as of now, NATO member states have not yet reached a consensus on the candidates, and more and more diplomats have also begun to discuss the possibility of Seto Tengbaig's renewal.
64 -year -old Stotten Berg reiterated that he "had no intention of seeking extension of his term", but his decision was in all member states.
He said at the meeting of the NATO National Defense Minister in Brussels: "Speaking of my successor, this will be determined by 31 allies. I will be responsible for all the decisions that the alliance must make. Only one decision is about me. s future."
Several diplomats from member states said today that if they did not find obvious successors, they would agree to let Stotten Berg stay in office.
In addition, NATO East Wing State has been promoting candidates in the region to serve as secretary -general to adopt a tougher stance on Russia.
The report states that whether the term of Stotten Berg is extended again, it may depend on the summit held in Washington next year. The summit aims to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the establishment of NATO.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E7%A7%98%E4%B9%A6%E9%95%BF%E5%8F%B2%E6%89%98%E8%85%BE%E6%9F%8F%E6%A0%BC-%E7%BB%A7%E4%BB%BB%E4%BA%BA%E9%80%89%E5%B0%86%E7%94%B1%E6%88%90%E5%91%98%E5%9B%BD%E5%86%B3%E5%AE%9A 
Siemens will invest in China and Singapore. 
Authors: ['梅塞德丝•吕尔', '帕特里夏•尼尔森']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-15T13:17:02+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-14T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T09:18:99+08:00
Description: While the German group has increased betting against China, it also hedge the risks of excessive reliance on China, and chose Singapore as its hub to export to South Asia and Southeast Asia.
Images: [" 000173982_pic... "]
Themes: ['西门子', '关注']
Keywords: ['西门子', '供应链', '脱钩', '新加坡', '制造业', '贸易']
Type: Article
 Siemens, Germany Industrial Group(Siemens)It is announced that major investment in factories in China and Singapore. Despite the increasing geopolitical tensions, the company is still implementing a strategy of diversified in Asia and expanding in the Chinese market.
Siemens CEO Bo Leren(RolandBusch)At a press conference in Singapore on Thursday, Siemens will invest 2 billion euros this year to improve its manufacturing capabilities. First, it will expand factories in China and open a high -tech factory in Singapore.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099983 
The Czech President and Taiwan Foreign Minister showed that Taiwan's diplomatic breakthroughs 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T13:18:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:27:29-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Czech President Petrpavel's opening speech at the security meeting of the "European Value and Safety Policy Center" at Prague Think Tank on June 14. Taiwan Foreign Minister Wu Zhaoyi was in the stage. This is the first time that the European leaders of European non -diplomatic diplomatic diplomatic diplomatic relations with the foreign minister of Taiwan with Taiwan. Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs via AP Audio-1-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/gangtai/hx2-06152023121556.html/@stream Czech President Petrpavel and Taiwan Foreign Minister Wu Zhaoyi were invited to give a speech at a meeting of Prague. This is the first time that the European leader of European non -diplomatic diplomatic diplomatic relations is the first time with Taiwan's foreign minister. Paville called on countries to unite to support Taiwan and not be imposed by China. Wu Zhaozheng thanked the Czech Republic for taking the lead in supporting Taiwan in Europe. Taiwan legislator Lin Yizuo was invited to be the "Harveil Award" award -winning person in Norway.
Taiwan Foreign Minister meets the Czech Senate Speaker, angered China * Reuters: Taiwan Foreign Minister Wu Zhaozheng visited European expected to be the same as the Czech president 
Czech President President Paeville's opening speech mentioned in the opening speech of the EUROPEAN VALUES Center for SecurityPolicy at the Prague Think Tank's opening speech mentioned that China has increased its dependence on China with the acquisition of infrastructure in various countries. Such development is quite dangerous. The Czech Republic is unintentionally isolated in China, nor can it not be able to do business with China, but China's strategic interests are not compatible with the value of the Czech Republic. The Czech Republic is unwilling to see that international order is influenced by China's economy and military forces, and the EU, NATO and other countries are necessary to unite and countermeasures.
 
"Let us keep unity in maintaining the situation in Taiwan, and do not allow China to strongly strengthen his ambitions in Taiwan. Taiwan has democratic rules, and the same Hong Kong is the same, but now it has been slowly disintegrated. The world should continue to support its full support. Defend Taiwan's democracy and freedom. "
When Pavili gave a speech, Wu Zhaozheng, a Taiwan Foreign Minister who visited the Czech Republic for the second time, sat in the first row. Taiwan has only formal diplomatic relations with the Holy See in Europe. This is the first time that European non -diplomatic diplomatic relations are the first stage with Taiwan Foreign Ministers. The organizers and the Taiwan Foreign Ministry of Foreign Affairs were posted photos of the two "same frames" in Twitter.
Wu Zhaozheng immediately delivered a speech with the title of "One theater, one vision" (one theater, One World, and Onevision, and called for democratic countries to unite to support Taiwan for the threat of the expansion of authoritarianism.
Wu Zhaoyi said: "In order to keep Taiwan strong and tough and have the courage to continue to maintain the status quo, we need the support of European friends. Among all those who speak for Taiwan, I would like to thank the Czech Republic to support Taiwan."
Wu Zhaozheng condemned Russia's aggression against Ukraine. It also mentioned that China attacked Taiwan through composite means such as cognitive operations, fake messages, and online attacks. Foreign Minister of Taiwan: I hope that the freedom of the people of Taiwan can also achieve it in China 
Wu Zhaozheng pointed out that Beijing proposed the so -called Chinese dream of "realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation" to continue the Communist rule in a way to restrain people's speech, belief and freedom of election and destroy the objections. For example, Uighurs re -educate camps, oppress the Tibetan government, the end of the Hong Kong democracy, and religious Sinicization are all the appalling stories of China's move to the totalitarian system. Hong Kong experience also shows that the "one country, two systems" is not feasible, and Taiwan is more firmly choosing freedom and democracy.
Wu Zhaozheng emphasized that Taiwan is not demanding China. China shared the cultural root of the cultural and Taiwan. Taiwan is not hostile to the Chinese people. It is hoped that the freedom that the people of Taiwan can enjoy one day can be realized in China.
Wu Zhaozheng mentioned that the government of Slovakia and Lithuania sent a delegation to visit Taiwan to fight against pressure and is the "moral giant".
Zhang Mengren, a convener of Foreign and International Affairs of Furen University, accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia and said: "The Czech Republic is really a big move, and Pavili may meet Wu Zhaozheng a week ago. Do, symbolize the Czech Republic to support democratic countries. "
Zhang Mengren mentioned that German media reported that Pavili and Cai Yingwen's call was Taiwan's initiative. This time Pavili and Taiwan Foreign Minister's frames showed that Tajie's position is very similar, and it must be a diplomatic breakthrough.
Zhang Mengren said: "The President of the Czech Republic is a former NATO general. Not only is China not democratic and China threatens Taiwan, but the Czech Republic is also very taboo that China has similar relations with Russia. As a former Central and Eastern European Communist countries, he is very afraid of Russia's aggression. Therefore, if the relationship between China and Russia is not cut off, the Czech Republic's questions about China will definitely exist forever. The Belt and Road Initiative, the Czech Republic has participated, and the relationship is now less. It is also discussed to oppose Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which is also invisible protests to China. "
Zhang Mengren also said that the Czech Senate Speaker Witzili and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Ada Momova, visited Taiwan, and the new ruling team was very friendly.
Taiwan Foreign Minister Wu Zhaozheng visited the Czech Republic to meet with the Czech Senate Speaker Witzi. (Provided by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Taiwan) 
Taiwan Foreign Minister Wu Zhaozheng visited the Czech Republic to meet with the Czech House Speaker Admomova. (Taiwan Foreign Ministry Twitter) Former Taiwan's representative of the Czech Republic, Wang Zhongyi, was interviewed by Radio Free Asia. He also said: "Minister Wu is in the same frame with Pavil, who has been elected president at the venue, has its own special significance and is indeed a diplomatic breakthrough. The ministers are the believers of President Harvey, who insist on democracy. Their philosophy is similar to Taiwan and is extremely very powerful. With the current situation of the Czech Republic, we can look forward to seeking higher -level diplomatic breakthroughs. "
Wang Zhongyi said that the "European Value and Safety Policy Center" is a intellectual tank of Youtai. He has a resident researcher in Taiwan. I have attended the meeting and reported on the title of Internet security and fake information. Paeville had attended the meeting before the president and interacted with the Taiwan delegation.
Lin Yizuo, a Taiwan legislator from the lead singer of the Rock Orchestra (first from right), was invited to serve as the awarder of the Oslo "Harville Award" in Oslo (provided by the office of member Lin Yizuo) Taiwan legislators Lin Yizuo was invited to serve as the Aoslo "Harvel Award" awarder in Oslo, Norway 
In addition, Lin Yizuo, a Taiwan legislator from the lead singer of the Rock Orchestra, was invited to be the award -winning of the Oslo "Harvel Award" in Oslo, Norwegian. Zhang Mengren believes that Lin Yizuo has long supported human rights in Tibet and Xinjiang. In addition, Nordic and even Denmark and Sweden are rushing into NATO. The Harveil Award invites Lin Yizuo to emphasize peace, democracy, not fear of power, and speak for human rights.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting, Editor of Qingwang: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx2-06152023121556.html 
The British Commission reports to criticize the "party door" to deliberately mislead the members 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T13:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 15th) The British Congress announced today that the former Prime Minister Johnson & Johnson was deliberately misleading the membership of the official residence party during his tenure.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The COMMITTEEE of Privileges composed of cross -party members announced the long -awaited 106 -page report. During his tenure as Prime Minister, Borisjohnson was asked about 6 games that violated the COVID-19 (2019 Coronatte Virus Diseases) in the official residence of the Prime Minister's residence.
The report accused Johnson & Johnson, who is currently 58 years old, "repeatedly despise (Congress) and try to destroy Congress procedures." The Privilege Commission found that Johnson & Johnson deliberately misleads the parliament and committees by questioning the committee of the committee, the destruction of the trust of the members of the parliament, and the actions that are conspiring and tried to intimidate, and seek to destroy the procedures of Congress.
The report wrote: "We judged that Mr. Johnson & Johnson deliberately misleaded the house and committed serious contempt." "We suggest that he should not enjoy the right to step down as members of Parliament."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E8%8B%B1%E5%9B%BD%E4%BC%9A%E5%A7%94%E5%91%98%E4%BC%9A%E6%8A%A5%E5%91%8A-%E6%89%B9%E5%BC%BA%E7%94%9F-%E6%B4%BE%E5%AF%B9%E9%97%A8-%E5%88%BB%E6%84%8F%E8%AF%AF%E5%AF%BC%E8%AE%AE%E5%91%98 
The AIIB was revealed to be controlled by China, Canada does not exclude exit 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T13:34:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:55:27-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A Chinese security personnel guard in front of the Beijing headquarters building of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. The bank's Global Commissioner of Canada resigned on the 14th and accused the bank of the CCP. Associated Press picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/LF-0615202420.html/@@stream Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank(AIIB, AIIB)Bobpickard, a senior Canadian executive, announced his resignation a few days ago and criticized the Asian Investment Bank to be controlled by the Communist Party of China, full of toxic culture. The Canadian government immediately announced that the relationship with the Asian Investment Bank was stopped.
Canada announced the expelblement of Chinese diplomats Chinese anti -Consular Consulate in Shanghai * Canadian warship cruise Taiwan Strait supports Taiwan to enter the United Nations Canadian citizens challenge the death penalty sentence failure, and the ambassador refers to the judgment and Meng Wanzhou case unsuccessful 
Bigbo, who served as the Global Communication Director of the AIIB, stated on Twitter that he had resigned on Wednesday, condemning the Asian Investment Bank to a toxic culture, not in the interests of Canada, and urging Ottai to withdraw from this institution controlled by the Communist Party of China.
Chrystiafreeland, Deputy Prime Minister and Treasury Secretary of Canada, also made a decisive action on Wednesday: "The Canadian government immediately stopped all the activities dominated by the government in the AIIB. I have instructed the Ministry of Finance to conduct relevant allegations and Canada's participation in the Asian Investment Bank. Examine. "
Chrystiafreeland, deputy prime minister and financial minister of Canada, announced the stop of relationship with the AIIB.(Video screenshot) Fang Huilan hinted that Ottawa may withdraw from the international financial institution that he joined in March 2018.
Bigbo worked for the AIIB for 15 months. According to Reuters, because he was worried about his own safety, he quickly left China and went to Japan quickly after he resigned, and then made public news. He said he suggested that he should not stay in China in the near future. Because of the Meng Wanzhou case at the end of 2018, two Canadians were detained in China for nearly three years.
Bigbo said that the AIIB is completely dominated by the Communist Party of China. The entire organization is similar to the former Soviet intelligence agency "National Security Council" (KGB), former Nazi Secret Police "GESTAPO) or East German intelligence agency" Starci "(Starci" ( Stasi).
Bobpickard announced leaving the AIIB and criticized the financial institution to be controlled by the CCP and was full of toxic culture.(Bob Pickard Twitter Photos) The AIIB was established in 2016 and was led by China. It is headquartered in Beijing. So far, 106 economies have participated.
Guo Yiping, a Canadian current affairs commentator engaged in the financial major, said that although China claims that the AIIB is an independent international institution, the insiders know that it is not like the World Bank(Worldbank)It is purely a tool for China to export authoritarianism through financial attempts, just like China engaged in the "Belt and Road" construction.
Guo Yiping: "(AIIB)This thing is clearly controlled by China. I will give you the money and put it in the so -called international unit you say. Isn't that the country that control or affect? "
After the Meng Wanzhou incident, the Canadian opposition party repeatedly criticized the Trudeau administration to continue to fund the Asian Investment Bank. It was finally unwise. Finally, there was a public opinion of employees inside, which made Oktai's fast knife.
As of now, the AIIB has issued a statement that has denied the allegations of Bigbo, and the Chinese embassy in Canada has alleged that the relevant statements are "purely the public hype, which is a downright lie."
Reporter: Editor Liu Fei: He Ping.com Editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/lf-06152023102420.html 
Facts ｜ Is China & QUOT; developing countries & quot;? Is this status & quot; a solid international law foundation & quot; 
Author: 作者：沈轲，发自华盛顿
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T13:36:19-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:36:19-04:00
Description: Author: Shen Yan, from Washington
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
Tags: Partial correct 
Read after one minute 
The "Termination of China's Development State Status Act" passed the full vote of the Foreign Relations Committee of the United States Senate last week, and the legislative process went further. A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs reiterated when responded that China is in the status of developing countries and the basis of international law.
Asian facts investigation of the laboratory found that the international community did not have a clear definition of "developing countries". In the classification of the United Nations and the World Bank, China is the "developing economy" and "medium -income countries". The "developing countries" of the World Trade Organization are the result of the "self -declaration" of the country.
In addition, China is classified as "developing countries" in certain international treaties, but this cannot be pushed as a general set of international law defining China as "developing countries".
In-depth analysis 
The US Senate's Foreign Relations Committee approved the "Term Status Act of Developing China] on June 8th.(https://www.congress.gov/bill/118th-congress/senate-bill/308)"(Ending China's Developing National Statusact). The bill requires the State Council to "prevent China from being classified as developing countries in international organizations" and clearly listed the World Trade Organization (WTO) as a goal for being changed. The United States Congress, which promotes legislation, believes that China has obtained many favorable benefits because of its ranking in the "developing countries".
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin responded to the bill at a press conference on June 9, saying that "China's position as the world's largest developing country has a sufficient factual basis and a solid foundation for international law." He also emphasized before that China's "developing countries" came from the recognition of the WTO This should not be changed.
Currently in the WTO organization, China does be a "developing country." However, Wang Wenbin claims that China ’s status as a developing country“ recognized by the World Trade Organization ”is wrong because the organization allows all member countries to decide whether it is a developing country Essence
According to the WTO, the definition of "developing countries" does not provide definition of "developed countries" and "developing countries", and member states can declare which classification it belongs to. However, other member states have the right to question the terms enjoyed by a member country by themselves.
In addition to the WTO, the United Nations and the World Bank also have a classification standard for the development of national economic development. They are standards for total national income (GNI).
In the United Nations " World Economic Situation and Outlook In the classification definition of the report, the countries in the world are classified as developed economies, transformed economies, developing economies, and the least developed countries. In their reports, China is one of the developed economies.
The World Bank does not use the word "development", but divided the world's economies into four income groups That is, high income, medium -to -medium income, medium and lower income and low -income groups.
China's economy is listed as "development" by the United Nations, and the World Bank is listed as "medium -to -income". (Associated Press picture) In this category, China currently revenue for US $ 11,880 per capita national income In a medium -income country. Although this is a huge leap compared to forty years or even twenty years ago, this number is still far lower than other widely recognized developed economies such as Japan, the United States, Germany, France or Taiwan.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China has stated that the status of Chinese developing countries comes from solid international law basis. China's developing countries have the status of developing countries, including the World Trade Organization Mechanism and the " Convention on the United Nations Climate Change Framework "[ Montreal Protocol about Montreal, which consumes ozone layers "The international treaty, which is recognized and accepted by members of the international community. China's developing countries are not deprived.
This statement is misleading.Charleskenny, a senior researcher at the Global Development Center, said that although many international treaties divide the country into different categories according to income, and give each category different obligations, these categories and boundary points are related to the relevant each in the relevant each It is randomly determined after the consultation.
Therefore, China's developing countries are not permanent, but have a certain time limit, must be reviewed regularly, or re -judged by the member states, instead of being hinted in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs's speeches. , Do not question or change. In an interview with the Asian factual investigation laboratory, Song Chengen, a director of the Taiwan Constitutional Foundation, said that the status of the so -called developing countries in China must be with the regulations under the treaty and the rights and obligations of different status countries with the rights and obligations of different status countries. Observation, you cannot generalize.
In some international organizations, such as world trade organizations, countries that are recognized as developing countries can seek (but may not be able to obtain) "special rights or additional tolerance".
"In order to achieve various global goals, including who gets financial support, or who has greater tolerance in international trade rules, or who is qualified to get official development assistance (ODA), people use various classification methods. There are various reasons for various reasons. Makes the country want to classify itself into the category of 'development', "Kenny said. In addition, labels known as "developed" countries usually mean responsibilities to help poor countries in economic difficulties and abide by more stringent global important issues (such as climate change).
World Trade allowed a country to be designated as "development" to apply for "special rights or extra wide" (Associated Press picture) "The People's Republic of China often uses the status of the country's equal income countries to remove its global responsibility, including providing debt reduction in response to climate change and providing the current debt crisis. Comply with international norms, it is impossible to provide global public products on climatic issues or to curb the current debt crisis of many developing countries, "a spokesman for the US International Development Agency (USAID) told the Asian factual verification laboratory.
in conclusion 
For how China's overall economic development is classified, different international organizations have different evaluations and classification standards. If the classification of relevant UN reports and the category of the World Bank, China is indeed close to the "developing country". In the WTO organization, China is indeed a "developing country." However, China's "developing country" in the WTO comes from self -declaration from the beginning of joining that this identity may be shaken by future development or challenges of other members. The same is true of the "developing countries" under other international treaties. Therefore, the statement of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs on developing countries in China is misleading.
ASIA FACT Checklab is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about any media and social software dissemination, welcome to the AFCL@rfa.org sent to the Asian facts checking laboratory with email, and we will check and verify it for you. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-06152023132934.html 
Iranian President condemns the stability of Western economic sanctions to destroy other countries 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T13:42
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:42
Description: The Iranian President Lichi, who visited Nicaragua, promised to deepen the relationship between Tehran and Manuga. He also condemned Western countries to destroy stability in other countries through economic sanctions. Agence France -Presse reported that Laich said on Wednesday (June 14) in a speech in the Nicaragua Parliament in Managa, "I ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['伊朗', '尼加拉瓜', '经济制裁']
The Iranian President Lichi, who visited Nicaragua, promised to deepen the relationship between Tehran and Manuga. He also condemned Western countries to destroy stability in other countries through economic sanctions.
Agence France -Presse reported that Laish said on Wednesday (June 14) in a speech in the Nicaragua Parliament in Managa: "We are willing to share our ability and experience with Nicaragua, a friend friendly country ... It is far away, but our heart is very close and the goal is very close. "
Laish's trip visited some countries sanctioned in the West. He started visiting the trip from Venezuela, and after Nagaragua, he also sequel to Cuba.
The Xinhua News Agency reported that Laci condemned the United States and other Western countries to blindly strengthen its will to other countries and destroy the stability of other countries by implementing economic sanctions. Rich said that Iran and Nicaragua have the same history of revolution, struggle, and resistance to common enemies. Western countries such as human rights, democracy, and free defenders like to strengthen their will in other countries. If you succeed, implement economic sanctions to destroy the stability of other countries. He said that what the United States and Western countries do in Palestine, Lebanon, Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria and Latin American countries fully show this.
Laich and Nicaragua President Altgar attended the signing ceremony of a number of bilateral agreements. Ortega announced that Nicaragua and Iran signed a number of "important agreements", including the establishment of a hybrid committee of intergovernmental economic and commercial cooperation and science and technology exchanges, strengthening judicial cooperation, and strengthening cooperation in pharmaceutical and medical equipment. He said that the people of Venezuela, Nicaragua and Cuban are committed to defending the sovereignty and integration of Latin America and the Caribbean. Like Iran, the Three Kingdoms was sanctioned by the United States.
Laich arrived in Venezuela on the afternoon of the 13th. When he visited Venezuela, Venezuela's leader Madro announced that they signed 25 agreements involving various fields such as education, hygiene and mining.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404505 
Canada announced that it will stop all government -led activities in the AIIB 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T13:54
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:54
Description: The Trudeau administration of Canada cuts off the relationship between Canada and Asian Infrastructure Investment Banks. At present, Canada is investigating the statement that the agency is facing serious intervention in the Chinese government. Bloomberg reports that Chrystia F ... Chrystia F ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['加拿大', '亚投行', '特鲁多']
The Trudeau administration of Canada cuts off the relationship between Canada and Asian Infrastructure Investment Banks. At present, Canada is investigating the statement that the agency is facing serious intervention in the Chinese government.
Bloomberg reported that the Canadian Minister of Finance, Christia Freeland, told reporters in Ottawa on Wednesday (June 14): "Canada will immediately stop all government -led activities in the bank ... I have instructed the Ministry of Finance to lead Immediately review the allegations proposed and the participation of Canada in the AIIB. "
This is exactly the Trudeau government's efforts to deal with the outside world's criticism of the recent Canadian campaign. A few hours before Frelan made the above -mentioned statement, the head of the Global Communication of the AIIB and Canadian Bobpickard announced his resignation.
Picad said in social media that the bank was led by the Communist Party members. He wrote: "As a patriotic Canadian, this is my only choice ... I don't think that as a member of the AIIB, it meets the interests of our country."
The bank's website shows that in 2016, the Asian Investment Bank, which was established in 2016 and headquarters, has invested 221 projects so far with a total value of $ 42 billion.
As of 2019, Canada contributed $ 995 million (S $ 1.335 billion) and received 1%of the bank's shares.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404506 
Papua New Guinea and the United States Defense Agreement has been publicly showed that the U.S. military can use the Papua New Military Base 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T13:59:23+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 05:59:23Z
Description: Papua New Guinea and the United States signed a national defense cooperation agreement in May this year, which has set off a high controversy in the country. This agreement has been announced recently, showing that the US military has been allowed to use the main defense facilities of Papua New Guinea, including the Papua New Guinea -Australia -Australia "Lombrum Naval Base" on the Island of Manus Island, Essence
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '美国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-png-defense-pact-reportedly-gives-us-unimpeded-access-20230615/7138229.html 
The European Central Bank decided to raise interest rates 1 yard for 8 consecutive rates to raise interest rates 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T14:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France Frankford, 15th) The Central Bank of the European Central Bank today decided to raise interest rates for the 8th in a row, and the interest rate has reached the highest level in 22 years. Even if the economy of the euro area has fallen into a decline, the European Central Bank continues to fight against inflation.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The European Central Bank today is as expected to increase the benchmark deposit rate of 1 yard to 3.5%. Although European inflation has slowed down, it is still more than three times that of the European Central Bank's 2%goals. What's more?
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230615-%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E5%86%B3%E8%AE%AE%E5%8D%87%E6%81%AF1%E7%A0%81-%E8%BF%9E%E7%BB%AD8%E5%BA%A6%E5%8D%87%E6%81%AF 
German media: Germany introduced the positioning of the country's strategy to China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T14:08:00Z
Description: The "German National Security Strategy", which has been brewing for a long time, was finally introduced. In the context of the Russian and Ukraine War, Russia occupies an important role in this document, of course, it is expected. However, how to define China in the national security strategy also attracted attention, because this will be an important basis for Germany to formulate a policy for China in the future.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['国家安全战略', '德中关系', '制度性对手', '肖尔茨', '德中政府磋商']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65925314
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) "Editorial Network Network" commented that the discussion of external threats in the national security strategy is unknown to a large extent, which is disappointing, especially in Chinese issues. The comments entitled "The National Security Strategy that I just introduced is not successful" wrote:
"The U.S. government led by Biden has clearly defined China as the number one challenge for geopolitics. However, in Germany's national security strategy, there is no clear definition of China. Competitors and institutional opponents'.](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国出台首份国家安全战略-中国是对手也是伙伴/a-65912004)The current Red and Green United Government has a similar positioning in China in its joint ruling agreement. The ruling agreement also mentioned that Germany's support for Democratic Taiwan, which is threatened by China, but in the newly introduced national security strategy, it has not been mentioned. Those who are about to come to Berlin to participate in the German -China government next week will be pleased with this.
On June 14, the German Red, yellow and green joint government officially launched the "National Security Strategy"
The German government explained this that in the future, Berlin will also launch a more detailed strategy to China, but Shulz refuses to disclose the specific time to release the Chinese strategy on Wednesday, but just say: 'After the formulation is completed, it will be announced.' Essence Since Foreign Minister Berbque's statement, this national security strategy has major international significance, isn't it a matter of course that the threat of China is increasingly mentioned in the document. "
The comments pointed out that in the national security strategy, it is promised that Germany will increase national defense expenses and meet NATO's relevant member states to put 2%of the national production value into national defense requirements. This is worthy of saying:
"On the one hand, this is an progress worth celebrating, but on the other hand, Germany should have taken such steps long ago. After all, Germany has been far behind the goal given by NATO. Sri Lanka has held a summit, and now it is suggested that the national defense expenditure should be raised to 3%of the total national production value in order to cope with the increasing threat from Russia and China. "
The Frankfurt Report wrote that the national security strategy is finally introduced to be a good thing, because before the Russia launched the Ukraine War in February last year, a whole generation of Germans almost forgot what the "national security" was. "Other points listed in the national security strategy are also very meaningful, including all aspects of the supply from network security to raw materials. After all, the cruel reality is that Germany can no longer believe that other countries will always maintain goodwill to Germany. The clear positioning, the wording involved in China is also full of doubts, and a rejection of the attitude of Germany in Germany in the past. But the document does not provide an answer for a key question: if Germany still does not establish the National Security Council, who should it should be? To coordinate the implementation and coordination of national security goals? "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：德国出台国安战略-对华关系定位语焉不详/a-65925314?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Former Asian Investment Bank employee "is recommended to escape from China" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T14:14:00Z
Description: The Canadian Big Bobo, who had been the AIIB global contact, resigned from the CCP ’s influence because of his dissatisfaction. In an interview with Reuters, he said that he left China as soon as possible after resigning and has arrived in Japan. In the interview, he also mentioned the Canadian citizen Kangmingkai and Spiever, which had been detained for revenge in China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['加拿大']
Keywords: ['亚投行', 'AIIB', '加拿大', '中加关系']
Id: 65925515
When Canada joined the AIIB in March 2018, it was governed by the current Prime Minister Justintrudeau. The opposition party has long demanded that Otta Wahua withdrew from the bank, accusing the bank of Beijing's export of authoritarianism in the entire Pacific region.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Bigbo (BobPickard)In an interview with Reuters on June 15 that after the resignation was proposed earlier this week, he has now fled to Japan. "Some people suggest that I don't set foot in China in the near future. Given that there were two Michaels abducted in this country(DW translation: Refers to Canadian citizen Kangmingkai Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavavor Spavor) We may be more sensitive and concerned about such events. "
Canadian citizen Kang Mingkai and Sparford were detained by the Chinese authorities for nearly three years by the Chinese authorities from 2018 to 2021. The real reason was suspected to be detained in Huawei's chief financial officer in Canada in the same period Meng Wanzhou related. But China has never admitted that this is a revenge on the Meng Wanzhou incident. Shortly after Meng Wanzhou was released in 2021, the two Canadians were released and returned to China with the "health reasons".
In an interview with Reuters, Bigbo did not explicitly stated that who proposed that he had escaped China as soon as possible.
In 2016, the Asian Investment Bank, which was established by China, was designed to provide an alternative outside the framework of the Western -led multilateral loan institution. At present, the AIIB has a total of 106 member states including Canada. After Bigbo published Twitter on June 14, Fang Huilan, Vice Premier and Minister of Finance of Canada(Chrystia Freeland)It has stated that it is investigating this matter, and it will freeze "all the activities led by the (Canada) government in the bank" during the period.
Bigbo served as [AIIB] in March 2022(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/北京转向亚投行冻结俄罗斯业务/a-61017358)Global contact supervisor. The Asian Investment Bank said on June 14 that Big Bo's resignation had been accepted earlier, and he believed that his allegations were "unprocessed and disappointing." Bigbo said on Twitter on the same day that the bank's management was "dominated by the Communist Party members" and the organization was full of "toxic culture". It did not think that the qualifications of the Asian investment bank members were qualified to meet the interests of Canada.
When Canada joined the AIIB in March 2018, it was governed by the current Prime Minister Justintrudeau. The opposition party has long demanded that Otta Wahua withdrew from the bank, accusing the bank of Beijing's export of authoritarianism in the entire Pacific region.
The Asian Investment President Jin Liqun said earlier this year that the agency would not be involved in political disputes.
(Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/亚投行前职员-被建议逃离中国/a-65925515?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Kishino Mida: What did the thunder say 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-15T14:17:00Z
Description: Inspired by T.S. Eliot's poem "Wilderness", Japanese composer Kishino Mideo created the symphony "What did thunder say". The West Germany Broadcasting Symphony Orchestra and the cello soloist Olen Shaflin performed the song at the Beethoven Music Festival in August 2022.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: ['贝多芬音乐节', '古典音乐风']
Keywords: ['音乐', '古典音乐']
Id: 65925572

culture 
: What did the thunder say 
Inspired by T.S.ELIOT's poem "Wilderness", Japanese composer Kishino Nono created the symphony "What did thunder say". The West Germany Broadcasting Symphony Orchestra and the cello soloist Olen Shaflin performed the song at the Beethoven Music Festival in August 2022.
###: What did the thunder say
In 1922, the poet T.S. T.S.ELIOT described the serious drought in the first year in his poem "Wilderness": the streets were full of sand, the trees withered, and people were in the economic depression brought by the hot and World War II. torment. The last title of this poem is "What is thunderous".
Inspired by the poem, Malika Kishino, a Japanese composer, created the work of the same name, reflecting the challenges faced by the world today: climate change, virus popularity, economic problems, war, and so on.
Born in Kyoto on July 16, 1971, Kishino was born in Kyoto. He was the daughter of a Buddhist temple owner of a Buddhist temple in Jingdong.
Please listen to "What to say thunder" and perform by the West Germany Broadcasting Symphony Orchestra and the cello soloist Olen Sheflin to direct the Christian Masseruru(Cristian Măcelaru)Essence
Welcome to subscribe to the Voice of Germany "Classical Music Wind" to listen to more outstanding classical music performances. 
Feed-URL: 
?
iTunes: 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/id1347146553? l = de 

related audio video 
: What did the thunder say 
](https://www.dw.com/zh/overlay/media/zh/岸野末利加雷声说了什么/65320365/65925572) Date 15.06.2023 Topic * Beethoven Music Festival Classical music style Keywords Music , classical music Download Download mp3 file Feedback *: Feedback of Opinions Print Print this page fixed link https://p.dw.com/p/4scfg

related information 
John Sebastian Bach: No. 6 No accompaniment cello group 
John Sebastian Bach created 6 groups of non -accompaniment cello tunes, most of which are ancient dance music. Please listen to the Bachi Date No. 6 uncomfortable cello group played on the shoulder -style cello.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/约翰塞巴斯蒂安巴赫第6号无伴奏大提琴组曲/a-65861982) [
John Sebastian Bach: D Small Tone Takata 
D Small Totaca is one of the most popular organic piano works in John Sebastian Bach. He is enthusiastic and magnificent.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/约翰塞巴斯蒂安巴赫d小调托卡塔/a-65809848) [
John Christopher Bach: Dowager E -Treasted Prelimers and Fugg Songs 
John Chrisdorp Bach, the elder brother of the big composer John Sebastian Bach, is a organist. Some of his works have also been circulated, such as reducing the E -tune prelude and Fuge.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/约翰克里斯多夫巴赫降e大调前奏曲和赋格曲/a-65758236)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/岸野末利加-雷声说了什么/a-65925572?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Chinese Communist Party's suppression of rights protection lawyers continued to upgrade Wang Quanzhang's family and was forced to relocate 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T14:18:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T15:45:25-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 [Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/jw-06152023134210.h@stream(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/jw-06152023134210.html/@@stream)The Chinese rights protection lawyer, which was suppressed in the "709" incident, continued to be driven by the CCP authorities. Not only was the rights protection lawyer Li Heping family, but the lawyer Wang Quanzhang and his family were repeatedly relocated by Beijing Public Security. Analysis of rights protection lawyers believes that the CCP ’s operation is prepared for US Secretary of State Brillin to visit China.
Wang Quanzhang and his wife pushed Jiechang Police to harass their legal leased houses * Beijing Public Security came to the door to pressure rights protection lawyers in the middle of the night again 
Faced with the continuous suppression and harassment of the CCP authorities, Li Wenzu, the wife of Chinese rights protection lawyer Wang Quanzhang, and the underage son, have been unprepared for a few months, and have been repeatedly driven by the local public security and moved several times. After many days of interruption, Li Wenzu issued a pushing newspaper on Thursday: "I called the Power Supply Bureau, and the Power Supply Bureau came with two staff members in about an hour. Someone pulled the gate. "
As early as June 12, their residences in Changping District, Beijing have been at home. The police claimed that they had received "reports", and some people "illegally invaded others' residences." The video showed that Wang Quanzhang talked to the police across the door. Police request to check the lease contract and identity information.
According to the public information provided by Wang Quanzhang, the homeowner is "Jiang Xiangjun" and is currently in the United States. He signed a five -year rental contract with Wang Quanzhang. The homeowner also recorded the video on June 11 to prove that the content of the contract was true, legal, and effective, and did not terminate the contract with Wang Quanzhang.
Chen Jiangang, a lawyer in the United States, said in an interview with this station that the CCP authorities have repeatedly forced the relocation of rights protection lawyers and objections to keep them silent, especially the important time node of US Secretary of State Brillingken to visit China.
"When French President Macron visited China some time ago, he probably saw these objections in China." He said: "Now the CCP has increased persecution and makes it difficult for these people to survive in Beijing. Those who want to make an objection sound leave Beijing as soon as possible, or they are imprisoned, and let most people dare to make different voices because of horror. "
Human rights lawyer Wang Quanzhang has long represented a large number of rights protection cases and has attracted the attention of the CCP authorities. In the 2015 "709" incident, Quan Quanzhang was arrested and sentenced to four years and six months. It was not until 2020 that Wang Quanzhang was released with his family.
This is the suppression of the CCP authorities' suppression of Wang Quanzhang and Li Wenzu. On the 25th of last month, Wang Quanzhang's wife and children who temporarily lived in the family of the friend Ye Jinghuan were put on the door by the local police to investigate and take drugs. Ye Jinghuan told the reporter at the time that the public security went to the door three times on the same night, and once threatened to break the door. Earlier in late April, Wang Quanzhang had disclosed on the social platform that the house rented by the couple in Beijing was cut off by the landlord to force them to move away.
In the latest video released by Li Wenzu, the public security also asked the homeowner or client to go to the Public Security Bureau for further inspection with valid documents. The public security also warns that the couple will be published to the Internet if the video of supervising and law enforcement is "disconnected" to the Internet.
 
"I think one of their goals is to prevent them from being understood by the international community that seriously infringement in human rights in China, so they drive lawyers away from Beijing."
Wu Shaoping revealed that rights protection lawyers and objections have communicated with different degrees of communication with foreign envoys in China for a long time, which has long caused dissatisfaction among the senior officials of the Communist Party of China: "As far as the news I got, of course, we could not confirm. The request for meeting. We hope that the US government can put pressure on the Chinese authorities and let the CCP give up the practice of infringing human rights. "
Coincidentally, this station reported as early as the middle of last month that Li Heping and his wife Wang Qiaoling, who had just moved to the Songzhuang apartment in Tongzhou District, Beijing, was also forced to relocate violence. The landlords and many people forcibly broke into Li Heping's house, and the bedroom glass was damaged to varying degrees. However, the local police refused to intervene after the report was reported.
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: 纬 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/jw-06152023134210.html 
The Li Haoshi incident performance site was fined 100,000 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T14:22:17-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T14:22:17-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chinese talk show actor Li Haoshi Weibo screenshot of the screenshot of the talk show, Li Haoshi, in mid -May, was accused of insulting the PLA incident. Li Haoshi at the time of the place where the China -Japan Youth Exchange Center Co., Ltd. Century Theater was fined 100,000 yuan and warning by the Beijing Cultural Tourism Bureau. And report to the cultural authorities and public security departments at the same time. According to Singapore's Lianhe Zaobao, this is a message from the website of the Beijing Cultural Market Comprehensive Law Enforcement Corps on June 12. Li Haoshi is a talk show actor for the Chinese Comedy Company "Smile Culture". In his performance on May 13th, he said that the "wild dog" chasing pine squirrels reminds him of "excellent style and can win the battle". The goal of the PLA proposed to the PLA was "listening to the party command, which can win the battle and excellent style." After being reported, Li Haoshi was investigated by the case, and the comedy industry company Swordsman Culture signed with him was also affected. He was fined 13 million yuan. All performances in Beijing were suspended endlessly. At the same time, many places also ordered the talk show. After the incident, it caused a strong rebound in public opinion. Many netizens said that this was engaged in text prison. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-06152023141844.html 
Mao Haijian, author of "The Crash of the Heaven", was convicted of sexual harassment by Macau 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T14:27:49-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T14:27:49-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Mao Haijian, a famous historian in China The historical masterpiece of Baidu Encyclopedia studied the Opium War "The Crane of the Heaven" and the famous Chinese historian Mao Haijian was recently charged with sexual harassment in Macau, and was sentenced to seven months in prison and two years in probation. According to the Hong Kong "Sing Tao Daily" report, the University of Macau's student publication "Orange News" last July said that a male professor at the University of Humanities at the University invited many students during the crown disease. Professor male professors have repeatedly teased in language, and have obscene behaviors to one of the girls, and girls report to the police afterwards. However, the article did not name the name of the professor at the time until the judgment was exposed. However, a Macau college student who claimed to be informed on the Internet said that at that time, Mao Haijian simply embraced female classmates, but the court took the saying that the female classmate said. Mao Haijian himself has not responded to the matter so far. At present, Mao Haijian has left from the University of Macau, which is a professor, and the official website of Shanghai East China Normal University Si Mian Human Humanities Higher High School has removed Mao Haijian out of the list of researchers. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-06152023142317.html 
The European Central Bank claims that the inflation has slipped, but it will still be entangled in the high 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T14:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T14:05:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France Frankford, 15th) The Central Bank of the European Central Bank today decided to raise interest rates for the 8th in a row, and the interest rate has reached the highest level in 22 years. The European Central Bank stated that although the price of consumers in the euro zone began to slow down, it will still be entangled with a high point, and the inflation is "too high, (continuing) too long."
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The European Central Bank today predicts that the euro zone will have 5.4%this year, and will be reduced to 3.0%and 2.2%respectively in the Ming and later years, respectively.
The European Central Bank's inflation estimates in 2023, 2024, and 2025 today are 0.1 percentage points more than the estimated value in March this year.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%BC%A4%E7%BA%B7%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C/20230615-%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E7%A7%B0%E9%80%9A%E8%86%A8%E8%99%BD%E6%BB%91%E9%99%8D%E4%BD%86%E4%BB%8D%E5%B0%86%E7%9B%98%E8%B8%9E%E9%AB%98%E7%82%B9 
Famous painter Huang Yongyu's death 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T14:33:53-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T14:33:53-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Famous Chinese painter and writer Huang Yongyu [Huang Yongyu, a famous Chinese painter and writer of Baidu Encyclopedia, died on Tuesday (June 13) at the age of 99. Huang Yongyu, a pseudonym, yellow apricot, ox, and cow, born in Hunan in 1924. He has not received much education education, but is proficient in woodcuts, paintings and literature. He is an artist with major influence in modern Chinese cultural circles. Vice Chairman of the Artists Association. During the "Cultural Revolution", Huang Yongyu was persecuted and was criticized by the "Gang of Four" for reactionary academic authority. He was locked into a bull shed. After that, he was sent to his home Phoenix because he drew a "owl". After the Cultural Revolution, the first zodiac stamp "monkey ticket" in 1980 also came from Huang Yongyu's hand. At the end of last year, a red -eyed rabbit's zodiac stamp created by Huang Yongyu caused external controversy. Some people think that the stamp of the Year of the Rabbit looks auspicious, but some experts believe that artistic creation should not be limited to the framework. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-06152023142849.html 
Canada shouted that the AIIB participated in China to deny that the AIIB was controlled by the CCP 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T14:41:23+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 06:41:23Z
Description: Chrystia Freeland, deputy prime minister and financial minister of Canada, said on Wednesday (June 14) that Canada is frozen the relationship between the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB Investment Bank) supported by China and investigates its charges controlled by the Communist Party of China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '美洲', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-denies-accusation-against-aiib-amid-tension-with-canada-20230615/7138237.html 
Taiwan polls show: The people's party surpasses the Kuomintang to become the second largest party 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T14:47:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T14:48:18-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Ke Wenzhe, the chairman of the party of the people of Taiwan and the party emblem of the party. The polls released by the Taiwan Public Opinion Foundation announced on Thursday (June 15) showed that the people's party received 22.2%of public opinion support on Thursday (June 15), which exceeded the Kuomintang as the second largest party in Taiwan. The Democratic Progressive Party received 24.6%of public opinion support, ranking first, while the Kuomintang's support rate was 20.4%, ranking third. The Public Opinion Foundation analyzes that the results of polls means that Taiwan ’s political party system is facing reorganization and has now formed a situation of three parties. This analysis also pointed out that the Kuomintang only received 20 % support, mainly from civil strife. The party's nomination of the presidential campaign has collapsed. Guo Taiming, the founder of Hon Hai Group, has a bad impact on the party. Although the people's party received 22.2%of public opinion support, the supporters of this party came quickly and their support was not stable enough. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-06152023143457.html 
How much does the European Parliament passed the actual role of a portal resolution? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T15:02:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T15:38:06-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The European Parliament was in favor of a large -scale ratio on Thursday (15th), and passed a resolution that supported Hong Kong IPAC Subitsui Audio-1-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/al-06152023101750.html/@stream On June 15, the European Parliament passed a resolution that supported Hong Kong to urge the Hong Kong Government to release the founder of the One Media Group Li Zhiying and others, and once again called on the EU Council to sanction Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao and other Chinese and Hong Kong officials. The European Parliament has passed the support of Hong Kong many times in the past, but the European Union has not moved. How many decisions are on the actual role of Hong Kong?
Human Rights Organization Joint Come on the EU: Take a decisive action to stop meaningless "human rights dialogue" * French, European leaders see a balance in competition? EU expected to extend the sanctions against Chinese officials to condemn Xinjiang's infringement of human rights 
"The following enters the joint motion of the basic free violations of Hong Kong, especially Li Zhiying's case. The voting is over, passed." The European Parliament was in favor of 483 votes, 9 votes, and 42 votes on Thursday (15th). Support Hong Kong's resolutions, and urged the Hong Kong government to immediately unconditionally release Li Zhiying, founder of One Media Group, and other democrats who exercise freedom of speech and basic human rights to revoke all allegations to them.
The resolution once again called on the EU Council to make targeted sanctions to Hong Kong and Hong Kong officials who participated in the suppression of Hong Kong human rights in accordance with the "EU Global Human Rights System of Human Rights" to make targeted sanctions.
European Parliament Leader of China Relations: Welcome to join the opposition to the Chinese authoritarian formula 
The above -mentioned motion was led by the European Parliament's leader of the China Relations Group, German Meaning Reinhard Bütikofer, and Slovakians, Miriamlexmann. They are all members of the "IPAC) member of the China Policy Council (IPAC). Essence
Mobilization of Hong Kong.(Screenshot of the European Parliament's official website) Bao Ruihan said: "The European Parliament has performed a large -scale solid ratio of Hong Kong democrats who have been persecuted by the so -called" National Security Law ". Democratic and parliamentary matrix. "
Lexman emphasized that Li Zhiying was facing the allegations of "unnecessary" or was sentenced to life imprisonment: "His case is a strong and powerful example, confirming how Beijing and Hong Kong authorities use the so -called" National Security Law "to destroy the city of the city. The rule of law, basic rights and freedom. They are afraid of people like Li Zhiying who love freedom, because they are the biggest threat to the CCP's lies and oppression. "She believes that the EU must make principled and clear response, including the implementation of the responsible person. Target sanctions and re -examining Hong Kong's international status.
Follow the organization welcomes the European Parliament Resolution 
Mark Sabah, the British and EU director of the British and EU, the British Royal Royal Corporation of the British Lawyer of the British Lawyer of the British Lawyers of the British Royal Lawyer of the British Director of the British Director of the British lawyer of the British lawyer of the British lawyer of the British lawyer of the British lawyer. ER) Posted The statement is welcome to speak for the European Parliament for Li Zhiying, and believes that the Hong Kong government must respond to the call of the European Parliament and immediately release Li Zhiying immediately before it was later.
They are worried that Li Zhiying, as a British citizen, may die in prison for defending democratic values and exercising international protection.
Political prisoners such as Zou Xingtong, He Junren, and other political prisoners urged the Hong Kong government to abolish the National Security Law **
The above -mentioned resolutions of the European Parliament pointed out that Beijing's implementation of the National Security Law in Hong Kong, Li Zhiying's British lawyers were refused to appear in court, "Apple Daily" and "Position News" were forced to stop transportation. Democratic prisoners such as Dai Yaoting, Zou Xingtong, Li Zhuoren, Huang Zhifeng, and He Xiulan pointed out that they were usually detained for a long time in the long process of waiting for the interrogation.
The resolution also expressed deep attention to the former Legislative Council member of the former Legislative Council of the former Legislative Council of the former Hong Kong branch association, Zou Xingtong, the former vice chairman of the "June 4th" in prison and mourning the "June 4th".The European Parliament described the "National Security Law of the Port Area" to "cross the border", calling on the authorities to abolish and stop hindering news. The resolution also condemned the Chinese government attempting to target the EU ’s Hong Kong diaspora, and once again called on all EU member states to suspend the extradition regulations on China and Hong Kong.
The resolution and put forward multiple requirements for the EU's Hong Kong offices, calling on the office to strengthen the court's observation and reporting important trials on a regular basis, and make a request to the Hong Kong Government.
Dohaies in the European Parliament 
After investigating the information, the European Parliament has passed the support of Hong Kong many times in the past and called on sanctions on Chinese and Hong Kong officials, but the European Union was unmoved. The Hong Kong initiative of the "China Policy Transnational Parliament Alliance" explained to the station that the operation of the European Union cannot be understood in the laws of parliamentary democracy in general Western countries.
Tong Songqing said: "The European Union is a huge organization, and it has a very complicated structure. For example, the EU Council is composed of the heads of state of various countries. It is responsible for external affairs and adopts a consensus system. In Greece, Italy or Hungary, if they oppose certain things in the EU Council, the EU Council will not make a decision. "
However, she emphasized that even though the European Parliament cannot determine the direction of certain laws like other Western countries, its resolution is not completely without effect. Because these actions show that some people are still concerned about Hong Kong affairs and put pressure on the EU Council, forcing the EU to make practical actions to account for the CCP and the Hong Kong Government on human rights issues.
Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Editor: He Ping.com Editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/al-06152023101750.html 
The slowdown of retail sales in the United States in May adds economic cooling evidence 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T15:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T14:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Washington, 15th) According to the official data released today, US retail sales have slowed down in May, but it is stronger than external expectations. However, this still shows that after the US Federal Preparatory Council (FED) raised interest rates at 10 degrees, the world's largest economy is cooling.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The US Department of Commerce announced that retail sales in May increased by 0.3%from April to US $ 686.6 billion, higher than analyst expectations. The slowdown in the growth rate was that the sales of gas stations fell 2.6%compared with the previous month, and fell 20.5%larger compared with the same period last year.
However, in May, the sales of American automobile and parts dealers increased by 1.4%compared with April, and the sales of restaurants and bar sales also achieved a monthly increase of 0.4%and an annual increase of 8%.
The official data released earlier this week shows that the annual growth rate of the US Consumer Price Index (CPI) in May has been cut off from the high point at the middle of last year.
The Fed also decided to maintain interest rates yesterday. It was the first time in more than a year at a monetary policy meeting. Central bank officials hope to use this to evaluate the impact of previous series of interest rate hikes on the US economy.
A report issued by PantheonmacroeeConomics stated that the US gasoline prices fell nearly 6%in May, which is likely to be the reason why the US gas station sales of the US gas station that month. (Translator: Zhang Zhengyu/Calculation: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230615-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD5%E6%9C%88%E9%9B%B6%E5%94%AE%E9%94%80%E5%94%AE%E9%A2%9D%E6%88%90%E9%95%BF%E6%94%BE%E7%BC%93-%E5%86%8D%E6%B7%BB%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E9%99%8D%E6%B8%A9%E8%AF%81%E6%8D%AE 
Global economic slowdown in Japan's exports hit a new low in two years 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T15:18
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T15:23
Description: With the slowdown of the global economy, the growth rate of Japan's exports has been the lowest in more than two years, which exacerbates the uncertainty faced by Japan's economic prospects. At the same time, Prime Minister Kishida may be considering the advance election. Bloomberg reported that Japan's export volume increased by 0.6%year -on -year, creating 202 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '出口', '全球经济']
With the slowdown of the global economy, the growth rate of Japan's exports has been the lowest in more than two years, which exacerbates the uncertainty faced by Japan's economic prospects. At the same time, Prime Minister Kishida may be considering the advance election.
Bloomberg reported that Japan's exports in May increased by 0.6%year -on -year, the lowest growth rate since February 2021, and analysts' forecasts decreased by 1.2%. Although data is better than expected, it still reflects the trend of weakening global trade. The exports of mineral fuel, chip manufacturing equipment and semiconductor components declined, dragging down Japan's overall exports.
Affected by the decline in fuel prices, Japan's imports in May fell by 9.9%year -on -year, the largest decline in more than two years, and basically conforming to the forecast of economists.
The slowdown in export growth in Japan reflects the impact of uneven external demand, especially semiconductor products. The data also shows that if the supply chain improves to promote the recovery of the automotive industry, Japan's exports may decline in May.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404632 
Blingken's visit to China is an expert in China: It is difficult to change the trend of US -China relations. 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T15:26:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T15:32:21-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The United States and China confirmed that Brinken will visit the United Nations Agency on June 18 and June 19 on June 18 and June 19
US Secretary of State AntonyBlinken has postponed several months of visiting China. This weekend is about to begin. In the case of fierce competition in the United States and China, and bilateral relations have fallen into the trough for decades, what impact can this visit have on US -China relations? What are the expectations of the United States and China?
U.S. -China Foreign Minister Call Discuss to Maintaining Communication Pipelines and Global Affairs of Bilateral Relations * The United States condemn the Chinese military to provoke the casualties in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea 
On Wednesday (14th), the United States and China announced the news that Secretary of State Brillings would visit China this weekend. At the regular press conference of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs on the 15th, the reporter from Bloomberg asked more information about Brinkee's visit to China. Spokesman Wang Wenbin responded: "After being agreed by China and the United States, US Secretary of State Anthony Brinkeit will be on June 18th Visit China on the day of the day. The two parties are visiting relevant arrangements to maintain communication. We will release it in time. "
What is the calculation of China ’s delay in the announcement of the news of Brinkeng's visit to China? This will be the first time that the Secretary of State of the United States has visited China for five years. Previously, Brinken was scheduled to visit Beijing early February this year, but it was temporarily canceled due to the "spy balloon" incident. This time, in the case of many foreign media disclosed the news, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs was dragged on the phone of the State Councilor and Foreign Minister Qin Gang and Brinken, and it was announced before it was announced.
In response, Deng Yanwen, deputy editor -in -chief of the "Study Times" of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, believes: "This may also receive the lesson of the last lesson and be more cautious." He said that recently the US media has also reported that China will set up an intelligence station in Cuba in Cuba. Beijing may be worried that if this incident is fermented, it will once again affect Brinken itinerary. "Another possibility is that before Qin Gang and Brinken talk, what problems may be talked about between the two parties may not be finalized."
Bonnie Glaser, the director of the Asian Project in the Marshall Foundation in the United States, told this station: "China is undoubtedly wanting the United States to look more interested in this visit. They think of it. It may make them look better in China. But China really wants to have this visit. "
Blint's trip to the United States and China is not high in the United States and China 
Daniel J.kritenbrink, Assistant Secretary of State East Asia and Pacific Affairs, pointed out in the media telephone briefing on Wednesday (14th) that Brinkens visited China with three major goals to ensure that high -level communication channels are unblocked to reduce misjudgments. Risks; at the same time, express and defend the interests and values of the United States; and to seek potential cooperation areas that conform to each other's interests. He also said that Brintken's visit to the middle of the country is unlikely to bring breakthroughs and turns to US -China relations.
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement of calling with Qin Gang and Brinken on the 14th, saying that "since the beginning of the year, Sino -US relations have encountered new difficulties and challenges, and the responsibility is clear." The statement also said that Qin Gang on the core of China on the issue of Taiwan issues such as Taiwan issue Concern and clarifying the "solemn position", emphasizing that the United States should "respect" and so on.
Ge Laiyi analyzed: "Both sides have a lot of doubt and distrust. China emphasizes that they have not asked this visit. They even say that Qin Gang and Brinken are not required by the phone call. They are still accusing all bilateral relations issues. They are caused by the United States, and they have no responsibility at all. So this will not be an easy dialogue, and what results can be observed. "
Ge Laiyi said that China did not like dealing with Brinken. She has heard that China also hopes that the Minister of Finance Yellen visits China first, but the United States insists on Blingken first. "I don't think this trip, China will be willing to give up, but the hope of the United States is not high."
China talks about "sincerity" and "respect" Dabo: It is equivalent to the United States "shut up" 
Just before China announced that Brinken's visit to China, the domestic media in China continued to post, saying that on the one hand, the United States posted "the illusion of urgent communication", and at the same time, it was "repeatedly tentatively provoked" on the bottom line of principle. There is also an article that the United States is "forcibly '" Tyngers' "and questioned Brinken's visit to China. Chinese officials have previously stated many times that the key to the US -China communication is that the United States cannot "say one set and one set".
When Deng Yanwen analyzed the Chinese mentality, "Brinken is coming, but it is just to cooperate with you in a certain aspect, but after returning, what should you do? Don't respect. "
Dai Bo, the director of the Institute of Kissinger, the US Wilson Center, believes: "The problem is China's definition of 'sincerity' and the definition of 'respect", it seems to be "shut up'. We, we do not allow you to do anything we don't want, not allow you to say anything we don't like to hear. This is the condition that the United States will not accept. "
Kurtcampbell, a coordinator of the White House, also emphasized at the media briefing on Wednesday that the United States is competing with China, but the United States does not seek conflict, confrontation or the new Cold War. What the United States wants is "responsible management competition."
Dabo believes: "We have some different views on the world's situation and the security of the Western Pacific, but can we reduce the possibility of direct conflict. US relations. It is impossible to change these relationships. "
Bollingin visited the Huawei APEC Summit to pave the way? 
Ge Laiyi believes that if Bollingken visits China this time, there will be more positive signals to have more high -level US officials and Minister of Finance, such as Yellen or Commercial Minister Raymond Doro to visit Beijing. In San Francisco in November this year, the United States will host the Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit. Ge Laiyi said that if Brinton's visit can make some preparations for the APEC summit, it will be a good result in itself.
Dabo also pointed out that if the two sides can adhere to the more polite tone at this meeting: "Because, in fact, their goal is not just to meet with relevant officials in China, but they must prepare Xi Jinping when they go to San Francisco in November in November. , Biden and Xi Jinping's summit. This is the most important. "
The US -China military communication mechanism is difficult to recover 
A worry -free aspect of relations between the two countries is long -term interrupted military dialogue. Although the United States has recently tried to communicate with China to communicate with China, Beijing seems to have little interest. Earlier this month, China Defense Minister Li Shangfu refused to hold a seasons during a conversation with US Defense Minister Lloydaustin during the During Shangri -La dialogue.
Campbell said on Wednesday that I believe that Brins will strongly advocate the necessity of these communication channels. "They are mature and powerful military interaction, and the risk of avoiding the establishment of these key communication channels is too high."However, Deng Yanwen believes that in order to achieve further exchanges, China will first ask the sanctions against China Defense Director Li Shangfu, but it is currently unlikely.
RobertSpalding, a senior researcher at Hudson College of the U.S. Think Tank Hudson College, said: "The realistic conference is when Biden and Xi Jinping meet. The meeting has nothing to do. "
The risk of the Taiwan Strait War is still not high 
At present, the cross -strait situation has continued to be tight. Kangda recently responded to the media that Bollingin's visit to China will reiterate the maintenance of the United States for the maintenance of peace and stability in the Taiwan Straits.
"The risk of war in the Taiwan Strait is higher than a few years ago, but I don't think it is very high." Ge Laiyi pointed out that neither the United States and China have no willing They are far from preparing for a major military operation. "Failure may lead to weakening Xi Jinping's power in China and may weaken the Communist Party of China. Xi Jinping is unlikely to make such a decision."
Reporter: Caddy Editor: 梒 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/kw-06142023113705.html 
Changzhou petitioners went to Beijing to seek medical treatment and were abducted and returned to Changzhou again 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T15:57:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T16:08:12-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Yang Li, Changzhou, Jiangsu Screenshot of Weibo/@微 微 微 微 Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/renquanfazhi/tj-06152023153314.html/@stream This station previously reported that in April this year, Yang Li, a woman in Changzhou, Jiangsu, was beaten and kidnapped back to Changzhou by suspected underworld molecules when she went to Beijing to petition and was guided by her mother. At that time, Yang Li and his family suspected that the underworld was instructed by the local police station. Two months later, on Wednesday, when Yang Li and her mother went to Beijing to see a doctor, she was abducted by unknown people back to Changzhou.
As soon as a petition woman in Changzhou was abducted and condemned the police black collusion * Yang Caiying invited Consul General in Nagoya to transfer to Xi Jinping for not being involved 
On Thursday, Yang Li told the reporter that she went to the First Hospital of Peking University with her mother Xu Dongqing on Wednesday. At that time, the doctor in Beijing believed that she would be hospitalized immediately in accordance with Xu Dongqing's heart condition. Unexpectedly, when they returned to the hotel next to the hospital for a little repairs, they were abducted by unknown people and returned to Changzhou Jinsan.
The hospital notice issued by Xu Dongqing's First Hospital of Peking University (provided by Yang Caiying) Yang Li said that in the process of watching a doctor, they found that many people were followed: "After watching the doctor, after paying the cost of the checklist, we were looking for a hotel near the hospital. At that time, we were abducted by the people who have been followed by followed us, and the car was directly taken into the car. (They) drove the car to a very remote place. ","
Yang Li said that some of the people who kidnapped her were familiar. In April, she and her mother were abducted by the same group of people. At the beginning of April this year, Yang Li, who was suffering from kidney disease and his mother Xu Dongqing, went to Beijing for medical treatment, and was beaten and kidnapped back to Jintan by unknown people at the South Railway Station of Beijing Railway Station.
** The Changzhou Municipal Government promised the Yang family to Beijing for medical rights.
Yang Li's sister Yang Caiying said that because the media paid great attention to the abduction of Yang's mother and daughter in April, senior officials in Jiangsu Province went to the Yang family in May and told the Yang family to ensure that Yang Li and Xu Dongqing went to Beijing to Beijing. The right to seek medical treatment. However, when they planned to go to Beijing to see a doctor in June, they encountered many obstacles: "They have obviously repeatedly promised us to protect our personal freedom to see the freedom of seeking the doctor. I don't know why this is like this."
Tian Hong, deputy secretary -general and director of the Letters and Calls Bureau of Jiangsu Province, and others expressed their care of Yang Li's condition from May this year (provided by Yang Caiying) Yang Caiying also talked that before Yang Li's mother and daughter went to Beijing on Tuesday, on Sunday, they planned to go to Beijing. I did not expect that before they left Changzhou, they were intercepted by the police when they were on the car: "At that time, they still used me to me as me at that time. My mother took people to take my mother and my sister to the police station, left my mother for more than eight hours, and then sent her back home. "
Yang Li said that the police only used Xu Dongqing to bite people as an excuse to detain Xu Dongqing. In fact, Xu Dongqing did not bite: "I don’t know who caused the two little red dots on his (police officer). Obviously, it doesn't seem to be a trace of bite at all. Later, after they took my mother to the police station, they did not say the problem of biting and hurting people. Later, they closed my mother home for eight hours. If they really bite people, they will definitely do it, and they will definitely not turn it home after eight hours. "
The police of Jinsan District accused Xu Dongqing biting the police (provided by Yang Caiying) Yang Li: Jinsan Public Security is afraid of our petition 
Yang Li also told this reporter that she estimated that the reason why Changzhou public security repeatedly stopped her from going to Beijing to see a doctor, and she was worried that she would petition in the way: "He may be afraid that I will visit again, because every time they are escorted to the local area, they will be returned to the local area. The police on the car will warn me that I cannot petition. We have not petitioned. "The Yang family carried out rights protection operations for many years because of the government's illegal land acquisition.This station also called the Jintan Binhu Police Station for investigation of the case, but the public security refused to disclose the details of the case: "We cannot verify the identity of the reporter on the phone, so we will not answer any questions about you."
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Editor: 梒 梒 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/tj-06152023153314.html 
China's weak export workers' strike protests are more frequent 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T16:02:40+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 08:02:40Z
Description: According to the rights protection organization and economists, the strikes and protests of Chinese workers have soared to the highest point in the past 7 years, and as global demand has been forced to reduce the salary of workers and close the factory, the strike is expected to be more frequent.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易', '人权', '劳工']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-worker-unrest-rises-as-export-weakens-20230615/7138261.html 
The Indonesian court rejected the selection of reform and opening up voting to be maintained 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T16:09
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T16:09
Description: The Indonesian Constitutional Court rejected a proposal to reform the national election system before the election next year. The organization that safeguarded the right to maintain its rights pointed out that this reform was an attack on democracy. Agence France -Presse reported that the Chief Justice of the Constitutional Court Anwar USman ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['印度尼西亚', '选举']
The Indonesian Constitutional Court rejected a proposal to reform the national election system before the election next year. The organization that safeguarded the right to maintain its rights pointed out that this reform was an attack on democracy.
Agence France -Presse reported that Anwar USman, chief judge of the Constitutional Court of Constitution, stated at the hearing on Thursday (June 15) that he "completely rejected the plaintiff's petition."
The court rejected the Democratic Party of the ruling party(PDI-P)A suggestion made by a member, the suggestion is to transform the election system of the world's third largest democratic country into a closed system that only allows political parties to choose parliament members.
The closed voting system was used during the dictatorship's former president Suhado, and he was retained after he fell in the late 1990s. Since 2008, Indonesia has adopted a public voting system and voters directly voted to the candidates supported by them.
Legal challenges have caused people to worry that Indonesia will return to the past dictatorship. The president and Congress elections in February may also be postponed. This may allow President Zok to continue to serve as president after two terminal term. As the chief judges, Anwar and Zoko, were in -laws, critics also questioned the court's independence.
Zoko has repeatedly denied that he intends to extend his term of office to more than 10 years. Prior to the court's decision, eight other political parties in the parliament had shown that the election system reform supported by the ruling party.
A member of the Democratic Party and five other members of the Democratic Party submitted a petition to the court last year, advocating the use of a closed voting system. Their reason is that the open system has caused money -driven competition among candidates.
Human rights experts criticized the proposal. Usmanhamid, the head of the International Terminal Indonesia, told AFP before the court ruling: "This is a continuous attack on democracy ... Indonesia's citizen space is attacked, Indonesia's political opposition is attacked, Now is the integrity of the election. "
The Constitution Court on Thursday decided that people will continue to vote to individual candidates in future elections, rather than voting party.
In the last election in 2019, there were more than 150 million voters in Indonesia and more than 200,000 candidates.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404647 
International investors have withdrawn from China's potential IPO listing transactions 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T16:20:10-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T16:20:10-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the Shanghai Stock Exchange Science and Technology Board, celebrating the first batch of companies listed on July 22, 2019. According to the Wall Street Journal of Reuters, the confidence of international investors' confidence in Chinese IPO transactions has deteriorated, and they have withdrawn from potential listing transactions. According to the documents of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the International Investment Bank Goldman Sachs Group has abandoned several commissioned entrustments in the Hong Kong IPO, including a Chinese skin drug company and an online platform for pharmaceutical products; in addition, Bank of America also gave up a Chinese solar industry company IPO. The report pointed out that the reasons for the abandonment of international investors include the decline in stock prices, the tight relations between the United States and China, and the weak economic recovery of China. International investment banks are rare to abandon IPOs. This approach will make the situation of Chinese corporate situations that want to go public overseas. Many transaction partners on the market have changed their original views. At the beginning of the year, they were once optimistic about this year's situation, but now many of them think that this year's IPO market prospects are dim. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-06152023160937.html 
The Global Competition of the United States and China, Pakistan, shows that the side station is not selected 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T16:22:18+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 08:22:18Z
Description: The high confrontation and confrontation of the United States and China make Pakistan feel quite headache. Pakistani Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar emphasized in an exclusive interview with the US political journal "Politico" that Islamabad was not interested in choosing a side station between Washington and Beijing's increasingly global competition.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/pakistan-says-wont-choose-side-between-us-and-china-20230615/7138270.html 
US Council Report: China Criminal Cymbeda's Vigital Cigric Population Cross -border Network Fraud 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T16:25:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T16:26:48-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The U.S. State Department released the 2023 "Population Strole Report" on Thursday (June 15) Screenshots of the US State Department's official website of the United States State Department released the 2023 "Population Vigital Report" on Thursday (June 15), which comprehensively overlook the status quo of population traffic in the world and the method used by the US government to deal with. U.S. Secretary of State Broskyy issued a statement specifically on this, emphasizing that solving global issues such as population trafficking requires a global alliance of cross -government, business and civic society. By sharing resources and information, you can better track and cope with the changing trafficking trend, and better formulate wound -oriented anti -population trafficking policies and strategies. The report lists the government of 11 countries, involving policy traffic, traffic trafficking, government -funded medical services or forced labor in other fields, sex slave service in government camps, or recruiting or hiring children's soldiers Waiting for the situation, China is among them. The report also describes some of the cases related to China. In particular, it is mentioned that some of the headquarters Cycles of Cindee, a headquarters in China, disguised as a labor intermediary organization in social media, and coaxed workers with a certain English ability or technical background from East Asia and other regions to work in Southeast Asia, Cambodia, Thailand, and Laos. However, after arriving at these people, they were detained in large buildings. The passport was collected and suffered physical or sexual violence. They were forced to obtain digital currencies of ordinary people online or seduce them to participate in online gambling. Essence (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-06152023162107.html 
South Korea will pay close attention to the trial operation of Fukushima nuclear sewage discharge facilities 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T16:30
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T16:35
Description: The South Korean government will pay close attention to the nuclear sewage treatment of the Fukushima first nuclear power plant in Japan and the start of trial operation of the launching of seafood facilities, and will be announced at any time when it is discovered. Yonhap News Agency reported that the first long (deputy ministerial level) Park Shiran of the South Korean State Adjustment Room Park Shopen (June 15) at a press conference ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '日本', '核电站', '福岛', '福岛第一核电站']
The South Korean government will pay close attention to the nuclear sewage treatment of the Fukushima first nuclear power plant in Japan and the start of trial operation of the launching of seafood facilities, and will be announced at any time when it is discovered.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that the first long (deputy ministerial level) Park Shopen, the first long (deputy ministerial level) of the South Korean State Adjustment Room, made the above description at a press conference.
The Fukushima nuclear sewage discharge is about to begin, and the uneasy psychology of South Korean citizens has increased. Therefore, the South Korean government has decided to hold a press conference every day from Thursday to issue relevant information about the safety testing of nuclear sewage discharge sea.
For the trial operation of Tokyo Electric Power Corporation from June 12th two weeks of nuclear sewage discharge equipment Pu Shiran said that the trial operation was limited to the underwater tunnel, upstream and downstream sinks and tube equipment, and was not the overall seafood facilities. After the trial operation, Japan will judge whether this facility runs normally and safely.
Song Xianggen, the Ministry of Marine Aquatic Ministry of Aquatic Aquatic Department (Deputy Minister), said that the surveillance results carried out by the Ministry of Marine Aquatic Products have shown that the radioactive concentration of coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal is almost the same as before the outbreak of the Eastern Japan earthquake. This means that although the East Japan Earthquake leaks radioactive substances, it does not affect the Korean waters.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404652 
President Palau accuses Chinese ships invading the waters of the economy to request the United States to strengthen patrols 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T16:38:18+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 08:38:18Z
Description: President Pana Pana President President President Hui Ren (Surangel Whipps Jr.) said in an interview with Tokyo and said that Chinese ships often broke into Palau's exclusive economic waters (EEZ) in the near future, and Palau has asked the United States to strengthen the United States to strengthen the United States to strengthen the United States to strengthen Patrol in its waters.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '美国', '中国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/palau-seeks-more-us-patrols-of-its-water-after-chinese-incursions-20230615/7138276.html 
Former Prime Minister Johnson was accused of deliberately misleading Congress 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T18:06
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T18:10
Description: The Privilege Committee of the British Parliament issued an investigation report, stating that former Prime Minister Johnson deliberately misled Congress in the "party door" incident and should be banned from entering Congress. Johnson refuted the report "nonsense." The privilege committee composed of seven people and the Conservative Party of Johnson's conservative party on Thursday (...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国', '约翰逊']
The Privilege Committee of the British Parliament issued an investigation report, saying that former Prime Minister Johnson In the "party door" incident, it was deliberately misleading Congress and should be banned from entering Congress. Johnson refuted the report "nonsense."
The privilege committee, which is composed of seven people and the Conservative Party of Johnson, issued a more than 100 pages of investigation report on Thursday (June 15), saying that when Johnson was asked during the crown disease, he was asked during the crown disease. Many misleading Congress. "Our conclusion is that Johnson's behavior is deliberate and seriously despise the House of Commons."
The committee pointed out that if Johnson is still a parliamentarian, he will be suspended for 90 days for "repeatedly contempt (Congress) and trying to destroy the Congress procedure". But he resigned from the position of Member last week Therefore, the committee just suggested that "he should not get the pass of the former parliamentarians." This refers to the passage of the former Prime Minister to enter the Congress.
Johnson insisted that he was innocent. He condemned the report "nonsense" and was full of "lies". It was a "scam" and accused the members of the committee accused the members of the committee retaliated. He said in the statement that the party held on Tangning Street was required for work. "We were dealing with a big epidemic at the time. But don't just listen to me. Listen to the police station. Police investigated my role in all these events. In any case, they did not find what I did to do. Things are illegal. "
Johnson decided to resign after receiving a pre -issued report from the Privilege Committee last week.
Johnson has served as the British Prime Minister for three years. He was exposed to violate epidemic prevention regulations during the period of crown disease.(https://www.zaobao.com/news/world/story20220120-1234990)As a result, his reputation plummeted and was eventually forced to resign. In July 2022, he resigned from the position of the Conservative Party leader and Prime Minister, and then stayed until September.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404689 
The EU names Huawei and ZTE constituted a security risk 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T19:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T19:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Brussels, 15th) The European Union Executive Committee warned today. China Telecom giant Huawei and ZTE constituted risks on the security of the European Union and announced that they would no longer use services that rely on these two companies.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The European Executive Committee stated in the statement: "The Executive Committee believes that compared with other 5G suppliers, Huawei and ZTE actually mean obvious greater risks."
The statement pointed out that the Executive Committee will take relevant security measures and do not purchase new connection services between Huawei and ZTE equipment.
The EU's internal market affairs committee, Thierry Breton, called to the EU 27 member states and telecommunications operators that the mobile network should exclude the use of Huawei and ZTE equipment.
Bulleson said at a press conference in Brussels that it cannot continue to rely heavily on equipment that may become "weapons" to attack the interests of the EU. "For our common security, this weakness is too dangerous and risky."
The European Executive Committee stated that about 24 EU member states have given the foundation through specifications or laying a foundation to give domestic authorities to set up limited power.
However, Breast pointed out that only 10 member states use these specifications to restrict or exclude high -risk sellers. "This is too slow to form a major security risk and expose the EU collective security in risks."
The European Executive Committee introduced strict 5G specifications three years ago, but no supplier was prohibited publicly, nor did they name Huawei. Therefore, today's statement symbolizes the EU's change of Er Yicang, adopt a stronger route to China, and still maintains relations with Beijing.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230615-%E6%AC%A7%E7%9B%9F%E7%82%B9%E5%90%8D%E5%8D%8E%E4%B8%BA-%E4%B8%AD%E5%85%B4%E9%80%9A%E8%AE%AF%E6%9E%84%E6%88%90%E5%AE%89%E5%85%A8%E9%A3%8E%E9%99%A9 
On Thursday, the U.S. market is low in front of the market. 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T20:02
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T20:11
Description: On Thursday (June 15), the point: Although the Federal Reserve decided not to raise interest rates on Wednesday overnight (June 14), it implied that interest may rise by half a percentage point by the end of this year, resulting in the main stock index futures futures in the US Wall Street stock market (Thursday ( 15th) Low.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['今晚美市看什么', '美国股市', '美市', '财经即时', '房地产']
Thursday (June 15) the point: 
Pre -trading focus: 
Citi Group (Citigroup) Chief Financial Officer Mark Mason revealed at the Morgan Stanley Conference that the Group's market revenue has decreased by 20 % so far, and investment banking's business revenue has decreased by about 25 %. However, he did not modify the prediction of revenue throughout the year, and stated that the annual revenue could continue to be between $ 78 billion and $ 79 billion. The stock price of Citi Group fell 0.24 US dollars tonight, at $ 48.00.
The annual revenue of Citi Group is expected to remain between $ 78 billion and $ 79 billion. (Reuters)
Lennar Corporation (New York Stock Exchange code: Len) 
Driven by the emergence of rebounds in the U.S. real estate market, the quarter -larger housing construction company Lennar Corporation has exceeded both the quarterly turnover and profitability of the overnight release.
According to the second quarter performance report of LennarCorporation as of May 31, the Group's total turnover is $ 8 billion, and the net profit after diluted shares is US $ 3.01, and the average prediction of analysts collected by FactSet is a business of $ 7.2 billion. Um, $ 2.33 per share.
The performance report also shows that in the second quarter, there were a total of 17,885 new orders, and 17,074 houses were delivered to the house. In the second quarter, most of them belonged to the hot spring. LennarCorpo has performed well in order and delivery. Not only that, the group also stated that it would deliver another 17750 to 17,250 houses in the next third quarter.
Driven by the performance exceeding the standard, Lennar Corporation's stock price rose about 2 % after overnight. The stocks of other large builders have also risen under the booster of the stock, such as D. Horton's stock price rose by about 1.3 %.
LennarCorpo's performance report reflects a "unusual" "good" real estate market. In fact, since August last year, as the interest rate of mortgage loans increased, the US real estate market has begun to show weakness in last spring and summer. However, the latest performance of LennarCorporation seems to show that the US real estate has begun to turn, and the supply of existing houses in the market has begun to be scarce. The market has also appeared in the market to find new houses.
Last year, I gradually recovered in the interest rate hike. "
However, LennarCorporation did adjust the price of houses in the second quarter and provides various benefits to stimulate sales. Miller said that although the average sales price of each house selling houses dropped to 449,000 US dollars, the group’s delivery volume and new orders were more than the same period last year, and the gross profit margin of our house construction began in the second quarter. Bounce to 22.5 %.
Among the 15 analysts of Tipranks, nine were given LennarCorporation's "buy" rating, five of them gave "holding" rating, and one of the "selling" rating. The average target price of the one -year period was $ 121.21.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404700 
Ri Xiangshi Tian will not dissolve Congress this week 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T20:07
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T22:03
Description: Japanese Prime Minister Kishida said that he would not dissolve Congress in the next few days. Kishida Thursday (June 15) told reporters: "I have not considered dissolving parliament during the current Congress." The current Parliament will end next Wednesday (21st). Asked that the opposition party may ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '岸田文雄', '国会']
Japanese Prime Minister Kishida said that he would not dissolve Congress in the next few days.
Kishida Thursday (June 15) told reporters: "I have not considered dissolving parliament during the current Congress." The current Parliament will end next Wednesday (21st).
When asked about the unbelievable motion that the opposition party might be proposed, Kishida said he had instructed the Liberal Democratic Party members to vote for opposition votes. Given that the Liberal Democratic Party led by Kishida has a majority of seats in Congress, the opposition party's unbelievable voting will be symbolic.
Fuji TV previously reported that if the opposition party submitted unbelievable votes on national defense budgets on Friday (16th), Kishida may announce on the same day dissolve the House of Representatives and hold a general election early 。
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404701 
North Korea launched two ballistic missiles into the Japanese exclusive economic zone 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T20:27
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T20:43
Description: South Korea's United Staff Headquarters said that North Korea launched two short -range ballistic missiles from Shun'an to the East China Sea at 7:30 pm (June 15) at 7.30 pm (Singapore time at 6:30 pm). Both missiles fall into the waters in the Japanese exclusive economic zone. Japanese Prime Minister Kishida said, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '朝鲜', '弹道导弹', '美韩联合军演']
South Korea's United Staff Headquarters said that North Korea launched two short -range ballistic missiles from Shun'an to the East China Sea at 7:30 pm (June 15) at 7.30 pm (Singapore time at 6:30 pm). Both missiles fall into the waters in the Japanese exclusive economic zone.
Japanese Prime Minister Kishida said that there was no report on damage caused by North Korean missiles and said that North Korea's move seriously violated UN resolutions.
Before the bullets, North Korea published a "warning position" in the name of the Ministry of Defense spokesman through the official media department, protesting Korean and American joint military exercises held on the same day Essence North Korea threatened that the military force will completely respond to the demonstration and provocations in any form of the enemy.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404708 
The United States denies a temporary nuclear agreement with Iran 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T20:54:33+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 12:54:33Z
Description: The United States said on Wednesday that reports on reaching a temporary nuclear agreement with Iran "are false and misleading."
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中东', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-denies-interim-deal-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-20230615/7138397.html 
The United States, South Korea and Japan discusses maintaining the stability of the Taiwan Strait and North Korea 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T21:28
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T22:13
Description: National security officials in the United States, South Korea, and Japan have discussed the coordination of the Taiwan Strait and the coordination of the Taiwan Strait and the East China Sea and the South China Sea. Comprehensive Reuters and Yorean reported that the White House issued a statement on Thursday (June 15) that the White House national security adviser Sha Liven, South Korea's country ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '韩国', '日本', '朝鲜', '台海', '南中国海']
National security officials in the United States, South Korea and Japan have discussed the maintenance of Taiwan Strait Stable And in the East China Sea and South China Sea Coordination work.
Comprehensive Reuters and Yonhap reported that the White House issued a statement on Thursday (June 15) that the White House National Security Counselor Sha Liven, the South Korean National Security Office chief Zhao Taiyong and the Japanese National Security Security Director Akigang man held talks in Tokyo. The three parties negotiated on the theme of North Korea's issues, regional security situations, and the United States and South Korea cooperation plans, and agreed to promote regional peace and stability, and further consolidate the cooperation between the three parties.
Soon after the White House issued a statement, the South Korean United Staff Headquarters said that North Korea was launched on Thursday night two short -range ballistic missiles Essence
The White House said that the US, South Korea -Japan three -sided partnership is now stronger than ever and has greater potential. The White House added that the talks also discussed technical, energy security and "cracking down on economic coercion."
The statement also said that Shalvin, Zhao Taiyong, and Akihagang discussed the opportunity to coordinate in the East China Sea and the South China Sea, and emphasized the importance of maintaining the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404737 
Rosema was temporarily picked up and temporarily picked up a passport to visit relatives in Lion City 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T22:01
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T22:07
Description: The Malaysian Appeals Tribunal approved the application of the former Prime Minister's wife Rosma on Thursday (June 15), allowing her to temporarily pick up her passport to visit her daughter in Singapore. Because the Deputy Prosecutor's Division of the main officer Fu Yiting did not oppose it, the Three Divisions of the Appeals Division headed by the judge Lavida unanimously agreed to approve ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['罗斯玛', '贪污罪', '护照', '新加坡']
The Malaysian Appeals Tribunal approved the application of the former Prime Minister's wife Rosma on Thursday (June 15), allowing her to temporarily pick up her passport to visit her daughter in Singapore.
Because the deputy prosecution Department of the main controller Fu Yiting did not oppose it, the three divisions of the Appeals Division headed by the judge Lavida unanimously agreed to approve the application of Rosma, so that she could visit Singapore to visit her relatives from now until July 7.
Rosma's representative Jia Jixing said that Rosema would return the passport to the court for custody within a week after returning to Malaysia on July 7.
He also promised that Rosema would return to Malaysia before the appeal court tried on July 11 to hear the Sarawak suburban school solar power supply case.
This is the third time Rosema applied to the court for a temporary passport to go abroad to visit the eldest daughter Noriana, son -in -law and two grandsons who settled in Singapore.
She put forward the same requirements in October 2021 and March 2023, and was approved by the court at that time. However, Rosma returned to his passport for the first time and visited Noriana, Singapore to be born at the time, and did not return to Malaysia on time. He missed the interrogation of solar power supply cases in the Sarawak School. At that time, the court almost issued a wanted order to her.
The Kuala Lumpur High Court ruled that Rosma was established in the case last September. It was sentenced to 10 years and a fine of RM970 million (about S $ 280 million), which was the highest penalty of Malaysia. Rosma has appealed to appeal and obtained abroad, and external conditions include passing a passport. This appeal is scheduled to start on July 11 for four days.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404758 
In the German tourist attractions, the attacking tourists made a death and one injury 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T22:11
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T22:13
Description: After a man sexually harassed two female tourists in the southern German tourist attractions, after encountering resistance, they threw them into the ravine, causing two women to die and hurt. The man in the case has been arrested. Germany's "Photo" (Bild) reported on Thursday (June 15) that this incident ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['德国', '袭击', '冲突']
After a man sexually harassed two female tourists in the southern German tourist attractions, after encountering resistance, they threw them into the ravine, causing two women to die and hurt. The man in the case has been arrested.
The German "Bild) reported on Thursday (June 15) that the incident occurred near the Neuschwansteincastle at the foot of the Alps in Bavaria. The two women met the man on a bridge of this ancient castle. The two were unbearable to harass the man and had a physical conflict with him. The man then pushed the two women through the railings of the bridge and threw it to the below. In the ravine.
The German Broadcasting Corporation ZDF reported that a 21 -year -old woman died in the hospital, and her 22 -year -old companion was injured and stayed in the doctor.
ZDF quoted the spokesman that the suspect had been arrested.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404760 
Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang visited Germany and France. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T22:26:48+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 14:26:48Z
Description: Premier Li Qiang of the State Council of China will start to visit the most important countries of the two EU, Germany and France on Saturday (June 17). This is also the first visit after Li Qiang's first visit to the State Council of the State Council of China in March this year. However, the timing of Li Qiang's visit did not seem to be very good. The day before Beijing announced that Li Qiang's visit to Germany and France, the German federal government released the national security strategy for the first time, accusing China of seeking the use of its economic strength to achieve political goals and seeking regional hegemony.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '欧洲']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-premier-li-to-visit-germany-france-in-first-overseas-trip-20230615/7138449.html 
China's economic growth fell again in May, and market expectations are expected to be more stimulating measures 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T22:41:12+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 14:41:12Z
Description: China's economic growth fell in May, and the growth of industrial output and retail sales was both lower than expected. Economists expect that Beijing needs more policies and measures to support the weak economic recovery of the new crown epidemic era.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-economy-slows-in-may-more-stimulus-expected-20230615/7138412.html 
Zeleki called on Switzerland to allow export weapons to Ukraine 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T22:54
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T23:06
Description: Ukrainian President Zelezi called on Switzerland to allow export weapons to Ukraine, saying that it would be the key to resisting Russian invasion. Reuters reported that Zediski said in a video speech on Thursday (June 15) in the two houses of the Swiss Parliament: "I know Switzerland is discussing the export war ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '泽连斯基', '瑞士', '武器', '俄乌战争']
Ukrainian President Zelezi called on Switzerland to allow export weapons to Ukraine, saying that it would be the key to resisting Russian invasion.
Reuters reported that Zediski said on Thursday (June 15) in a video speech in the two houses of the Swiss Parliament: "I know that Switzerland is discussing export war supplies to protect and defend Ukraine. . We need weapons to restore Ukraine peace. "
The long -term policy of Switzerland is to prohibit any country purchasing Swiss weapons from exporting weapons to the conflict. In November last year, Switzerland clearly banned the transportation of arms to Russia and Ukraine. This has caused heated discussions in Switzerland; while maintaining a neutral diplomatic, Switzerland must also take into account the concerns of neighboring European and domestic weapon industries.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404775 
NATO discussion provides more military assistance to Ukraine 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T23:01:49+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 15:01:49Z
Description: NATO Secretary -General Yanz Sturtonberg said on Thursday (June 15) that the progress of the Ukrainian war showed that they need to stand with Ukraine and continue to provide support.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/nato-discusses-more-military-support-for-ukraine-20230615/7138473.html 
Monet paintings are arrested across the glass 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T23:36
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T23:36
Description: Two Swedish environmental protection elements applied red paint on the protective glass of the French impressionist master Monet. Fortunately, the paintings were not damaged. Agence France -Presse reported that two environmental protection elements on Wednesday (June 14), Monet, exhibited at the National Museum of Stockholm, Sweden, "Jiwei ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['瑞典', '环保']
Two Swedish environmental protection elements applied red paint on the protective glass of the French impressionist master Monet. Fortunately, the paintings were not damaged.
Agence France -Presse reported that two environmental protection elements on Wednesday (June 14) Monet paintings on the National Museum of Stockholm, Sweden, were painted on the protection glass of "Givini's Artist Garden", and painted red paint and sticking hands. Police said two women aged 25 to 30 were arrested.
The director of the Olympic Museum of Paris, France, said that the director of the Paris Museum of Paris said that after the repair of the two museums, the two museums determined that "this painting has not been damaged."
It is understood that two environmental protectionists come from an organization ATERSTALLLVATMARKER that calls for restoration of wetland. A spokesman for the organization said in an interview with Agence France -Presse that climate disaster was "a health crisis" and "millions of people have died of climate disaster."
The organization also said, "The gorgeous garden in Monet's paintings will soon become a distant memory."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404788 
Former Prime Minister Johnson's original constituency held in July to make up for the election 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-15T23:58
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T23:58
Description: Former British Prime Minister Johnson's original parliamentary constituency will be held on July 20. Reuters reported that the Hill Lington District authorities in western London issued a statement saying: "After Johnson resigned as a member of the parliament on June 12, 2023, the Ax Bridge ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['约翰逊', '英国', '补选']
Former British Prime Minister Johnson The original parliamentary constituencies will be held on July 20.
Reuters reported that the Hill Lington District Authority in western London issued a statement on Thursday (June 15) saying: "On June 12, 2023 Resignation from the position of Congress Later, the re -election of the Uxbridge and the South Ruislip Congress will be held on July 20, 2023. "
The Privilege Committee of the British Parliament issued an investigation report earlier on Thursday, saying that Johnson deliberately misled Congress in the Party Door "incident His behavior seriously despised Congress. Johnson pointed out that the report was "nonsense", full of "lies", which was a "scam" and accused members of the committee accusing the members of the committee for revenge on him.
After Johnson previewed the report of the Privilege Commission last week, he decided to resign from the position of Axbridge in Western London and MPs of South Lesspi.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230615-1404799 
The European Central Bank restoration of the euro zone today and next year's economic growth estimation estimates 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-15T7:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15T13:50:03+00:00
Description: (France France Frankford, 15th) With the continuous impact of inflation on the European economy, the European Central Bank has also restored the estimates of economic growth in the euro area today and next year.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The European Central Bank's economic growth estimates this year to 0.9%, and economic growth estimates next year will be repaired to 1.5%.
The European Central Bank estimates that the euro zone has grown 1%this year this year, and the economic growth is estimated to be 1.6%in the next year.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230615-%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E4%B8%8B%E4%BF%AE%E6%AC%A7%E5%85%83%E5%8C%BA%E4%BB%8A-%E6%98%8E%E5%B9%B4%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E6%88%90%E9%95%BF%E9%A2%84%E4%BC%B0 
The US, Japan and South Korea officials gathered in Tokyo to discuss the tension and cooperation of the Taiwan Strait, East, and South China Sea 
Author: VOA
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-16T00:16:10+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 16:16:14Z
Description: The White House on Thursday (June 15) said in a statement that national security advisers in the United States, Japan and South Korea discussed the issues that maintained stability in the Taiwan Strait and coordinated with each other in the East China Sea and the South China Sea on Thursday.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台海两岸关系', '亚太', '美国', '南中国海争端']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-japan-s-korea-discuss-n-korea-china-seas-20230615/7138793.html 
China's national strength is improved, and hidden intelligence collection has become a new hot spot for the US and China fighting 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-16T00:36:13+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 17:46:29Z
Description: In the second time the US Secretary of State Brills was preparing to visit Beijing this year, in order to repair the US -China and the United States and China fall into the bottom of the valley and still worsening bilateral relations, another China tried to use the news of the United States to implement spies and sentimental search. Treating serious concerns and high attention from all walks of life in the United States.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/as-beijing-s-intelligence-capabilities-grow-spying-becomes-an-increasing-flashpoint-in-us-china-ties-061523/7138516.html 
North Korea issued two missiles on Thursday, the United States, Japan and South Korea discussed the strategy of responding to the threat of China and North Korea 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-16T02:32:01+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 18:32:01Z
Description: The South Korean military stated that North Korea issued two short -range ballistic missiles on its East Coast on Thursday (June 15) that joint military exercises in the United States and South Korea issued a joint military exercise in the United States and South Korea.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['朝鲜半岛局势', '亚太', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/north-korea-launches-2-ballistic-missiles-toward-sea-in-protest-of-us-south-korea-drills-20230615/7139000.html 
Many international human rights organizations sent a letter to Brinken and urged Beijing to negotiate the persecution of human rights issues 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-16T02:37:25+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 18:37:25Z
Description: Including more than 40 international human rights organizations including international amnesty, aid association to China, Chinese human rights defenders, Hong Kong Supervision, Hong Kong Democratic Commission, Uyghur Movement, Free Tibet, and Liberty House, they published on June 14 to the US Secretary of State Lincoln's joint letter urged him to take advantage of the opportunity to visit China to emphasize the attention of Chinese human rights.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '人权']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/joint-letter-to-us-secretary-of-state-on-his-visit-to-china-20230615/7138893.html 
The sexual harassment storm of Taiwan #Metoo is extended, and the election of legislators has shocked 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (黄丽玲)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-16T02:58:01+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 18:58:01Z
Description: Taiwan has recently exploded sexual harassment storms, and more than 30 women have accused sexual harassment experiences of people across politics, academia, media, and arts and arts. This wave of women's rights #METOO movement has caused two DPP legislators to withdraw and multiple people withdraw from the public field. Women said that the three major regulations on gender equality have been implemented for many years, but there is still a great gap in culture and implementation, especially some of the sophistry acts that harm people may cause secondary harm to the victims. In order to strengthen the protection of the victims, the Taiwan Legislative Yuan plans to hold a temporary meeting at the end of July to complete the relevant amendments.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '人权', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/taiwan-s-metoo-moment-20230615/7138604.html 
Taiwan and Chinese Foreign Ministers have visited European competition support analysis: Taiwan should help Europe "know the middle" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (李贤)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-16T03:24:13+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 19:31:02Z
Description: As China's diplomatic force turned to Europe, Taiwan also sent four ministerial officials to visit Europe in June, including Wu Zhaoxuan, a foreign minister of Taiwan, who was visiting Poland, the Republic of the Czech Republic, and the European Union, to get closer to Europe. Analysts said that under the strategy of multi -point split points in Taiwan, Taiwan -Europe relations continued to heat up. On the occasion of Europe's policy on China, they called for Taiwan to actively assist Europe to "know the middle" and make Europe recognize that once the Taiwan Strait broke out, it was impossible for Europe to be out of trouble.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '中国', '台湾']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/is-taiwan-competing-with-china-for-better-ties-with-the-europe-20230615/7139089.html 
The Ukrainian Army promoted the 3 kilometers to the 3 kilometers to regain more than 100 square kilometers 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (刘恩民)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-16T03:52:37+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 19:52:37Z
Description: The Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Hannah Mariar said at the briefing on the 15th that the Ukrainian armed forces are gradually moving forward and steadily, with a total of more than 3 kilometers in the Bachurut region. The video released by Ukraine's 3rd Assault Brigade on the 14th showed that the soldier took over the Russian trenches near Bachmut, and another Ukrainian force launched the BM-21 GRAD hail rocket to the Russian position.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '军事', '每日视频新闻', '社媒-最IN视频']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/ukrainian-troops-assaulting-russian-positions-near-bakhmut-20230616/7139095.html 
Mo stays on the anniversary "ritual such as rituals": Hong Kong activists who are exiled overseas call for solidarity and solid long -term struggle 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-16T05:12:27+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 21:12:45Z
Description: On June 12, 2019, the four -year commemorative event of the Million Anti -Repair Parade in Hong Kong on June 12, 2019 has just passed. How to consolidate and expand the power of overseas Hong Kong people, continue to affect the hearts of people scattered in the exile of exile in Hong Kong. Many well -known exile people said in an online public forum that there are more challenges in the future.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '人权', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hong-kong-exiled-activists-urge-to-connect-diaspora-around-the-world-20230615/7139279.html 
What exactly does Brinken go to Beijing? Why is the United States not expecting? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (斯洋)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-16T05:37:22+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-15 21:50:01Z
Description: US Secretary of State Antony Blinken, Antony Blinken, is scheduled to visit Beijing from 18th to 19th. Senior US officials emphasized on Wednesday (June 14) that the main goal of Brinken's visit to China was to establish a crisis communication mechanism with China to reduce risks, but they also said that they did not expect a big breakthrough in the interview. Analysts believe that Brinken's trip should try to explain the way for the leaders of the two countries during the Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in November this year, and only when the leaders of the two countries realize the meeting, the US -China relations will really have the opportunity to restart the opportunity
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/blinken-china-preview20230615/7139271.html 
