世界新闻
World News
2023-07-12
 
English 
China controls the minerals depended on the world's operations -and issue a warning to the United States. 
Author: Jon Emont
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T01:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T01:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-10T04:50:00.000Z
Description: China decided last week to limit exports to two minerals for semiconductor, solar panels and missile systems. This is not only a trade -level action, but also shows that China is willing to use its dominant position in the world's mineral resources to shake the West supply chain.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001036690
Type: Article
China decided last week to limit exports for [two minerals] for exports for semiconductor, solar panels and missile systems.(https://cn.wsj.com/articles/CN-BCH-20230704070634)This is not just a trade -level action. This move also reminds people to pay attention to China's dominance in the world's mineral resources, and it is also a warning for China to use these resources in the United States to use these resources.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%8E%A7%E5%88%B6%E7%9D%80%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C%E8%BF%90%E8%BD%AC%E6%89%80%E4%BE%9D%E8%B5%96%E7%9A%84%E7%9F%BF%E7%89%A9-%E5%B9%B6%E5%B0%B1%E6%AD%A4%E5%90%91%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%8F%91%E5%87%BA%E8%AD%A6%E7%A4%BA-7bab0fe0 
Wagner's soldiers will have talks with Pleigo in the future 
Creator: PAUL SONNE
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-11T02:53:46+08:00
Description: According to the Kremlin, Putin received Pleigon and Wagner Commander after the soldiers. This shows that Putin believes that it can continue to use the mercenary organization, and also adds uncertainty to the future of Poigo and Wagner. Sergei Guneyev/Sputnik, Via Associated Press Press in a Russian official media, Russian President Putin delivered a speech to the Kremlin's military forces after the rebellion of the Wagner Group.
Images: [" 10russia-prig... ", " 10russia-prig... ", " 10russia-prig... ", " 10russia-prig... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 According to the Kremlin Palace, Russian President Putin had held a long period of long -term talks with the commander of the Wagner Private Military Service Company, the Wagner Private Military Services, which was led by Yofgen, and the latter launched a mutiny to set the country and set the country. A few days after the Civil War.
Putin has condemned these leaders who launched the rebellion from June 23rd to 24th, but received them on June 29. This disclosure was shocking, and it also showed that although Putin had roared, he thought the employment was hired. Military organizations and their bosses can continue to use. This meeting was the first known contact between the two since the rebellion. The rebellion has formed the most significant challenge to Putin's 23 years of authority.
The news of this meeting made Pryoen Ren and his troops even more uncertain. It is unclear why a warlord with a private army and trying to overthrow the Russian military leadership with force is allowed to stay in Russia, and it is obviously unimpeded. He is said to return to his hometown to retrieve the confiscated firearm.
The Kremlin spokesman Dimitri Peskov said Putin invited 35 people to participate in the three -hour meeting, including all senior commanders of Pleigon and Wagner, and faced the company in Ukraine The efforts on the battlefield and the actions in the rebellion expressed their views.
Peskov said that the Wagner armed personnel also made their explanation of the incident, and Peskov believed that the meeting was a chance to clarify the misunderstanding and determine the direction. "Putin heard the opinions of the commanders and put forward the choice of further employment and further fighting," he said.
Peskov also said that Wagner's armed personnel swore to loyal to Russian leaders during the meeting.
 Last month, Yofgeni Pleigo was appointed in Rostov on the Russon River, and the Wagner Group began to end the rebellion. Alexander Ermochenko/Reuters
He said: "They emphasized that they are firm supporters and soldiers of the head of state and chief commander, and said they have been preparing to fight for the country."
Just a few days after Putin vowed to suppress the rebellion a few days later, Pricigen and his senior deputy played with this Russian leader with calmness and sitting at the table at the table with people's impression of Putin. People generally believe that Putin is a cold dictator who is good at suppressing the threat to its rule.
This seems to reflect the calculation of the Kremlin, that is, to avoid completely eliminating an experienced and well -being supported by the people in a high -cost war. Some analysts said that Putin may also think that this rebellion was just an out of control. Poligon has stated that his purpose is to overthrow the Russian military leadership rather than challenging Putin's rule.
"I won't think that Pritigon will always be favored by Putin again, as if nothing happens. Things have happened. The conclusion has been concluded," Yev said. "But for some reason, it is better to let him go with him and him at this time."
The Russian security department expert Andre Saldatov said that Putin's tough remarks on betrayal are mainly targeted at the Russian military to prevent commanders from standing on the side of the rebels. He said that the President and Pryigo later "made another transaction."
"We don't know the specific terms," Saldatov added. "But our understanding is that they know each other and know what the other party wants, so they can still cooperate or work together."
But this rebellion exposed Putin's vulnerability to the world, and admitting that talking to Wagner's leaders may make it look weaker.
 During the rebellion, a military column of the Wagner Group was driving along the cities connecting southern Russia and Moscow. Reuters
The founder of the political consulting company Tatiana Stannovavara, the founder of "real politics", said that the Kremlin decided to disclose that the meeting may be to appease the Russian elite, and they were still confused about what happened, that is, Perigo Renren In the end, "a traitor or a person.
"This is a signal to the elite, indicating that Perigo still belongs to this system," Steinneraa said. "Yes, he made a mistake, yes, this is a very serious crime. But due to the particularity of the situation, this is indeed very unique. Putin will spare him for his life."
This change revealed that Putin was unable to or be unwilling to deal with public power struggle in public for several months. Pricigen often said bad words on the Russian military leadership on Telegram. Steinnovah, who is also a senior researcher at the Eurasian Center of Cunciekia, said that Putin felt at least some responsibility for the failure to better deal with the continuous upgrade.
Porigen's troops were very important for the Ukrainian war in Russia, but the government ordered the Wagner forces to join the regular army last month. In the face of major losses, Perigo complained loudly, but it did not help.
His troops occupied Rostov and an important Russian headquarters in the city of Don River in southern Russia, and traveled to Moscow at a place 200 kilometers from the capital.
Putin warned not to be caught in a civil war in his speech to the country, and said that those who "consciously chose the road of betrayal" would be punished the most.
But punishment did not come.
A few hours later, the Kremlin announced an agreement reached under the mediation of Belarusian leader Alexander Luchenko: Pryigo will be stepped down, exempt from prosecution, and go to Belarus. The Wagner Army participating in the rebellion will not be punished; those who have not participated will have the opportunity to sign a Russian military contract.
Porigon and his subordinates packed their clothes and retreated.
The agreement was angrily angered Russian hardliners. They pointed out that the rebels shot down the Russian aircraft and killed military personnel.
In the days since then, Pryigo's status has always been a mystery. He did not show up. His company has stopped issuing a response to media questions. The person who came out of the scene last year and disclosed his identity at least temporarily disappeared.
Anton Yelzarov, the famous commander of Losor's Wagner, accepted an interview with a Russian war blogger in southern Russia on Friday. He stated in the interview that all Wagner armed personnel had been leave until early August. He also said he and his family were resting by the sea.
 
In an interview published by Telegram, Yelzarov said that Wagner will not participate in the Ukrainian war for the time being, and there are many jobs to do before preparing to "retreat" Belarus.
"President guarantees to us that law enforcement will not be held accountable," Ye Lizarov said. "As for society and ordinary people, you can see it yourself: girls wearing our badges walk around, which may be cheated by kissing from our soldiers. Boys wearing Ts printed with T we marked with our logo, wearing Ts printed with our logo T -identification T Together and hat. The children are playing war games. Ukraine is a German, and the Wagner PMC soldier is the Red Army. "
He did not rule out the possibility of this mercenary organization involved in the Ukrainian war again. He said: "Our armored trains are in a state of combat reserve, and we are always ready to work for our motherland and our country when they call us in the Russian people."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230711/putin-prigozhin-meeting-wagner/ 
Interview with Sir Alexander Alexander Alexander: "Free Version is very urgent to deal with climate crisis" 
Authors: ['何越']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T03:56:42+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T23:45:99+08:00
Description: Danny Alexander said that the multilateral cooperation mechanism is the best way to achieve common goals, and countries must cooperate to jointly solve the problem of climate change.
Images: [" 000187135_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '亚投行', '关注']
Keywords: ['亚投行', '气候变化', '中英关系', '越陌度阡']
Type: Article
On July 5th, the British Think Tank Paddy Ashdown Forum (Padi Ash Ashidang) held a "Global Dialogue". The first interviewed guest was the former chief secretary of the British Ministry of Finance. Sir Dannyalexander. The AIIB is a controversial agency in the UK. I heard rumors several times that "the AIIB is serving the 'Belt and Road'." Not long ago, Canada suspended its contact with the AIIB because the bank's global communication director and a Canadian said that the bank was "led by the Communist Party" and resigned. Therefore, I have a high curiosity about the Asian Investment Bank and the former British politician Alexander Alexander who served the AIIB. Bypassing the AIIB, the founder of the British Liberal Democratic Party, Merleneemerson (Du Shuzhen) directly invited my interview to Sir Alexander, and quickly received consent. 45 minutes before the beginning of the "Global Dialogue" of Padi Ash, I interviewed him.
 Du Shuzhen (first from left) delivered a speech in the first "global dialogue" in the Padi Ash as the forum. The first one was the Alexander Sir.
Question: You return to Europe this time to participate in the new Global Financing Contract Summit held in Paris. What information do you get?
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100212 
Monitoring is omnipresent, the "Skynet" in China makes the northern person desperate 
Creator: CHOE SANG-HUN
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-11T04:30:18+08:00
Description: Almost all those who escape the North will take China, but the expanding monitoring system in China in recent years has allowed those who help the North Korea to go to South Korea to become almost impossible. As the risk of being caught by the Chinese police has increased, the prices of hiring traffickers have soared. CHANG W. Lee/The New York Times May, Rev. Qian Yiyuan's office in Seoul, he helped North Koreans trying to escape from South Korea.
Images: [" 00nkorea-defe... "]
Category: 亚太
Type: Article
 The North Korean software engineer is desperate.
He was sent to Northeast China in 2019 to make money for the North Korean regime. After working for a long time under the continuous surveillance of the team leader, he find an email address on a website In 2021, a distressing message was sent: "I risked my life to write this email," the engineer mourned.
A young woman was smuggling from North Korea to China in 2018, and she contacted the owner of the same website at the beginning of this year. She originally planned to flee to South Korea, but was locked in a border town in China and was forced to make money through network transactions. "Please help us escape from this house," she wrote.
The website belongs to Seoul's Christian pastor Qianduan. He is famous for helping North Korea's refugees escape through China. Almost all those who are from the North will choose this route. He was often condemned by Pyongyang and was imprisoned in China for helping hundreds of North Koreans reach South Korea or the United States.
advertise
But now, the work of helping the northern people in China has become "almost impossible", Qian Yiyuan said.
During the epidemic, China has implemented strict restrictions on transit or even domestic travel. In recent months, when these restrictions began to relax, Qianxianyuan and other aid workers received thousands of. Stay in China North Koreans for help.
However, due to the increase in risks caught by the Chinese police, the prices of hiring traffickers have also soared. The continuously expanding monitoring intensity of Beijing has made it more difficult to avoid the authorities. There were 1047 people who arrived in South Korea in 2019. Last year, this number plummeted to 63 people.
"The decrease in the number of people from North is not because the desires of the Korean people have fled the oppression power," Hannah Song (Yin), a human rights worker who monitored the situation of refugees in Washington last month Congress Hearing Speaking. "On the contrary, it reflects China's ubiquitous monitoring measures to increase difficulty."
Thousands of yuan shared hundreds of text messages, audio files, bank records and other documents with the New York Times to help rebuild his efforts to help him and Ms. Li, a software engineer and network worker. In order to protect their identity, he asked the Times to go to the name of the engineer and the lady's name and other details.
Trasperer in China 
advertise
Ms. Li and the software engineer did not know each other, but they all found thousands of dollars for the same reason -they wanted to leave China and not be sent back to Kim Jong -un's authoritarian regime.
"They were monitoring my every move," the software engineer said in the first email written to Qian Yuan in 2021.
He and thousands of young North Korean computer professionals When they came to China together, before the epidemic, they were often sent abroad to make money for the Kim Jong -un government through IT or cyber crimes.
North Korea cuts off the connection between domestic and the Internet and dispatched well -trained online professionals to work in China, Southeast Asia and other places to avoid the country due to nuclear weapons projects International sanctions. These foreign professionals usually live in collective dormitories and are required to monitor each other. The North Korean team leader will also look for clues of unfaithful behavior, such as watching Korean dramas.
When talking with Qianyu Yuan on the communication application Telegram, the software engineer described his life as "bird in the cage". From morning to night, he is upwork Finding the work of writing code on the network platform to make money for Pyongyang regime.
The video sent to Qianyuan showed that he and North Korean colleagues both worked under the camera. A slogan on the wall wrote: "Let's express loyalty to the beloved leader Kim Jong -un with high performance!"
advertise
However, it is difficult for these workers to earn a standard of $ 45,000 in the manager. They have to buy fake identities frequently, because under sanctions, international companies must not hire North Koreans.
When he first arrived in China, he did not have a plan to escape to South Korea. But last year he posted a video of Qian Yiyuan's bruised face, saying that he was beaten because he was uncomfortable. "I want to be a freedom, even if there is only one day of freedom, I am willing to fight for it," he wrote.
Some human rights organizations have criticized China to let so many North Koreans fall into a slave -like situation, but they demanded that the call to crack down on such behavior is basically ignored. After Beijing arrests the North Koreans who try to escape to South Korea, they often treat them as illegal immigrants rather than refugees, and repatriate them back to North Korea for punishment.
China will use surveillance technology to arrest foreigners who are fugitives or have not resisted in the country without permission.
Ms. Li came to China five years ago, and her plan has always fled to South Korea.
She said that the middlemen who helped her off the north and entered China told her that they would work for a boss for three months before being sent to South Korea. As a result, the middleman sold her to a Korean woman, and the latter's husband was a Chinese police officer in the border city Baishan.
advertise
Women like Ms. Li are often sold to men who cannot find their wives in rural China, or they have forced them to work for illegal online trading gangs. The woman in Baishan City detained Ms. Li in an apartment, forcing her to perform sexual behavior for male customers in front of the network camera.
In January of this year, Ms. Li contacted Qianyuan, saying that she and two other Korean women were about to be sold to another trafficker, and they needed emergency assistance.
Go to a safe place 
Director Li Xuejun, a film producer Li Xuejun, a documentary about Korean refugees(Lee Hark-joon)It is said that to help those who get out of the north, you must hire a trusted person who is worthy of the "middleman."
However, "the middleman cares about making money, not the death of the north." He said, and told me that after the middlemen charged the fee, they abandoned the northern person or for extortion at the condition that they did not report to the police.
The epidemic has made this problem intense. Human rights activities said that the cost of sending a northern part of China from China rose from thousands of dollars before the epidemic to tens of thousands of dollars.
advertiseWhen everyone arrives at a safe place, the next step is to take North Koreans to steal from China to Laos, and then go to Thailand. The North Korean people can apply for asylum from South Korea. This is the escape route of many northern people. They will drive through China because their identity examinations have become more frequent during the epidemic, and they cannot take public transportation.
Qian Yiyuan divided the routes of software engineers and three women into Qingdao into several sections. Each intermediate person would change cars to avoid being tracked by facial recognition or other monitoring technologies.
Qian Yiyuan also asked software engineers and Ms. Li to send their avatar photos, and made it clear that they were wearing when they escaped from the prisoner's apartment.
He wants to send the car photos and license plates from North Koreans. He discussed the details with everyone, and then started planning.
"Everything is ready. I'm leaving now. I'm dressed," the software engineer sent a text message to Qian Yiyuan before escaping.
Tracking and arrest 
The trafficker did not send the software engineer directly to Qingdao. Instead, he went to a house in Jilin, Northeast China. On the way, he stopped the plan again on the way.
After entering the house with the software engineer, the middlemen contacted Qianxian yuan to buy more money to buy food, new clothes and shoes.
In the early morning of the next day, the middleman was preparing to go out to pick up the three women in Baishan, but was stopped by the Jilin police. Software engineers were also arrested by police.
The relatives of the middlemen who were put into the prison informed Qian Yiyuan. The North Korean leader reported the disappearance of the software engineer, and the middleman drove to pick up his car and was identified by the surveillance camera during the residence of his plan.
Qian Yiyuan quickly looked for another middleman to pick up three women, so as not to be too late.
"The middleman will wait for you in the designated place in the middle of the night. The car is purple," he wrote in the message to Ms. Li. He asked her to hold an umbrella in her right hand so that the middlemen recognized it.
In early February, the new middlemen brought three Korean women to the security location of Qingdao. But a few days after arriving, the husband's husband who imprisoned her, the Baishan policeman broke into the house with a thug, and Qian Yiyuan said that several women called him in a panic.
Qian Yiyuan said that a middleman must have traded with the husband and used three women to exchange cash. "Otherwise there is no other explanation," he said.
Qian Yiyuan said that software engineers are still detained in Chinese prisons and are waiting to be repatriated to North Korea. In North Korea, those who try to escape to South Korea may face the labor -renovation camp or make a more tragic end.
Ms. Li's whereabouts are still unknown.
"I have helped North Koreans for 23 years," Qian Yiyuan said. "I have never felt so sad and helpless."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/asia-pacific/20230711/north-korea-china-defectors/ 
What does Belarus resettle the barracks of Wagner? The BBC reporter in Russia explores 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:02:22.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T09:26:42.000Z
Description: The BBC reporter Steve Rosenberg was permitted to interview the camp for Russia's Wagner's mercenaries to be provided to Belarus. But so far, only Belarusian troops are stationed here.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['乌克兰局势升温', '军事', '乌克兰']
Type: Article
What is the barracks of Wagner's military camp? The BBC reporter in Russia finds out 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-66162376/P0G0df2m/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-66162376/p0g0df2m/zh-hans) What does your equipment support the play of multimedia materials? ** What is the barracks of Wagner's military camp in Belarus? The BBC reporter in Russia explored the recent update on July 11, 2023: July 12, 2023
The BBC reporter Steverosenberg was permitted to visit Belarus for an interview with Russia's Wagner mercenaries. But so far, only Belarusian troops are stationed here.
The real use of this barracks is unknown, but it is enough to accommodate 5,000 people.
Steve passed through the entire camp to ask where Wagner was, and talked about the possibility of the mercenaries settled.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66162376 
Discussion on the death of singer Li Yan died with "Sunshine depression" 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:56:54.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:56:54.000Z
Description: Sunshine depression is not a professional medical term, but recently has been discussed in the network space, mainly refers to the explicit personality and image positive, lively and optimistic people suffer from depression, and it is difficult for people to find that they have a tendency to melancholy.
Images: [" _130295948_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['娛樂', '中國', '台湾', '心理健康', '药', '香港', '医学研究', '妇女健康']
Type: Article
Discussion with "Sunshine and Millet" about "Sunshine and Mading" 
July 11, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Li Yan's family confirmed that she had suffered from depression in recent years and had regular medical treatment for treatment.
The famous singer Li Yan died last week in Hong Kong, which shocked the Chinese entertainment industry. Li Yan has become popular with a cheerful and outgoing image, and has been pursuing a perfect "zero negative" image for nearly 30 years. She has died at the age of 48 at the age of 48, causing widespread discussion and mourning in the global Chinese circle. 
Li Yan's family confirmed to Hong Kong media that Li Yan suffered from depression (depression) in recent years and had regular medical treatment for treatment. The problem of celebrities' mental health, as Li Yan's death has once again become a hot topic in major media, and even starts discussions on "SmilingDepression" (also known as "Smile Create").
Sunshine depression is not a professional medical term, but recently has been discussed in the network space. It mainly refers to the explicit personality and the positive image, and the lively and optimistic people suffer from depression. Emotional or delayed medical treatment leads to an intensified condition.
"Sunshine Melancholy"? 
According to the HEALTHLINE explanation of the American Medical Website, generally speaking, depression is connected with sadness, drowsiness and despair -such as the symptoms that cannot get up. But now, the manifestation of depression varies from person to person. The so -called "sunshine depression" refers to those who have a melancholy but look very happy or satisfied with those inner depression. Their public life and image are usually "combined together", and may even be normal or perfect for some people.
In addition, the typical depression is extremely low in energy, and it is difficult to get up in the morning. In smiling depression, the energy level may not be affected (unless a person is alone).
The health line emphasizes that the "Diagnosis and Statistics Manual of Psychiatric Diseases" in the medical community(DSM-5)"Smile Cormeration" has not been regarded as a formal disease name, but it may be diagnosed as severe depression symptoms with "atypical features".
[Li Yan, an international singer of Chinese music, lied, 48 years old] 48 years old](https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66117881) Social media and depression: self -report of patients Hanliu Idol Zhongye's Lesses Public Entertainment Circle depression attracted attention * Life choice: Why should we "abandon the pursuit of personal happiness" 
patient's signs 
Cui Zhongjun, a registered psychotherapist who has been practicing in Hong Kong for many years(Nastass tsuei)Tell BBC Chinese that the so -called Smiling depression can be said to be a high -function form of depression. The patient looks normal and performs well in daily life, but they may hide their true emotions to outsiders. The reason may be that the reason may be Its work has always been entertaining others. This is also part of their identity. Like many comedians in Hollywood, Robin Williams and Kim Kaarie are patients with depression.
The Psychological Health Center of the Taiwan Dong Foundation has recently pointed out through a press release that the World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that depression will become the first of the global disease burden in 2030. The press release says that depression can be said to be a "heart" cold. It is not different from gender, age, and wealth status, and whether it is sunny, vitality or introverted, it may suffer.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
American comedian Robin Williams died in 2014.
Cui Zhongjun told the BBC that according to many years of clinical observation, maintaining the image is very important for some patients with depression. Therefore, they are also good at hiding emotions, and it is difficult to be found by others to find that their mental health has problems, because patients may feel guilty because they have their own emotions: "Just like children who need to please in the abuse family to survive. They are good at hiding their emotions and pleasing their parents to avoid danger, but not that all patients with sunny depression come from abused families, but children who have difficulties will also be sensible, hide their emotions, and do not want their parents to worry about it. . Or some children who are not caring can only get friendship through funny, so I have been mocking myself, funny, and hiding their emotions. Many comedians are like this. "
In 2014, Professor Gordon Claridge, Department of Experimental Psychology, Oxford University Research 523 comedians from the United Kingdom, the United States and Australia (404 men, 119 women), Clarge said, "We have found unusual personality characteristics combinations, and these characteristics are contradictory." He found on the one hand. These people perform introverted and are prone to depression. "Maybe you will describe them with schizophrenia."
He said: "This is an unusual combination of personality characteristics ... Perhaps the extroverted personality characteristics of comedians are the way to solve inner depression. Of course, not all comedians adopt this way."
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Li Yan sang at the 2001 Oscar Golden Awards.
The "Healthy Online" website also emphasizes that people with sunny depression may look at it, like an active, strong individual, or a stable work, healthy social and family life. A happy person, but when they are experiencing depression, they continue to smile because they may feel that depression is a weak behavior, or they think that expressing their true feelings will have a burden on others. It's worse than you, what else can you complain. "
how to respond? 
A YouTuber "That Master" in Taiwan invited Li Yan to sing in 2019. As a senior fan of Li Yan, the master said at the time that Li Yan had a clear personality, like a "sun", warm fans and staff. A Taiwanese music industry who has worked with Li Yan also told the BBC reporter that Li Yan was diligent in work and was generous and kind to others. It was difficult to imagine that she would suffer from depression.
Cui Zhongjun told the BBC that if there are such patients around, what others can do are to treat them kindly: "Because they are good at covering up their feelings, we only need to be more sensitive and supported by our friends."
She added that it is important to see professional help if she realized that she might suffer from sunny depression. In addition, you can start learning and share feelings with friends, feel and pay attention to your needs, and learn to set up the boundary between yourself (including parents or partners) for yourself, treat yourself well: "You can also do some mindfulness exercises ( Mindfulpractices), or yoga, Tai Chi and other outdoor activities. These are physical activity that can soothe the nervous system and improve emotions. "
Cherish life, suicide cannot solve the problem, and life can definitely find a way out. 
If you have to consult or related assistance, please contact: 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/science-66162351 
NATO Summit: Turkey and Hungary expressed support, Sweden is about to become the 32nd member states 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T08:49:14.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:49:14.000Z
Description: The two -day NATO Summit opened on Tuesday in Vilnius in Lithuania. The application of Ukraine's enrollment was also an important issue on the agenda.
Images: [" _130344797_f3... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['瑞典', '土耳其', '北大西洋公约组织']
Type: Article
NATO Summit: Turkey and Hungary expressed support, Sweden is about to become the 32nd member states 
July 11, 2023![] Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
Turkish President Erdogan and Swedish Prime Minister Christensen shook hands under the gaze of NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said Turkish President Erdogan has agreed to support Sweden to join NATO. 
He said that Turkish leaders will submit applications from Sweden to their Chinese parliament and "ensure approval."
At the same time, Swedish Prime Minister Ulf Kristerson said: "I'm very happy, this is a good day in Sweden."
Turkey has previously accused Sweden accusing Sweden Kurdish militants and spent several months from applying for Sweden.
As one of the 31 member states in NATO, Turkey can reject the new countries that join NATO (the country that applies for joining NATO requires the approval of all member states).
US President Biden said he welcomed President Erdogan to "quickly approve" the commitment of the application.
"I am ready to cooperate with President Erdogan and Turkey to strengthen the defense and deterrence in the European-Atlantic region. I look forward to welcome Prime Minister Christen Song and Sweden to become our 32nd NATO allies," the White House issued a statement.
The German Foreign Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Annalena Baerbock, wrote on Twitter: "32 are, we are more secure together." RishiSunak, British Prime Minister, said that Sweden's joining will "" Let us be safer. "
After Turkish and Swedish leaders held talks in the capital of Lithuania, Stoltenberg announced the news on Monday night.
The Secretary -General of NATO claims that this is a "historic step", but emphasized that it is impossible to give a clear date for Sweden to join NATO because it depends on the Turkish Parliament.
In May last year, a few months after Russia invaded Ukraine, Sweden and its east neighbor Finland announced their intention to join NATO. Both countries have long -term neutral history. Finland officially joined in April this year.
Ukraine War: What did NATO do? How to join Sweden and Finland? * Finland and Sweden will be safer or more dangerous if you join NATO Europe? Stoltenberg said that Turkey and Sweden have resolved "reasonable and safe concerns of Turkey". To this end, Sweden amended the Constitution and Law, expanded the Kurdish Workers' Party(PKK)The counter -terrorism operation and restored the export of weapons to Türkiye.
Turkey and Hungary are the only two NATO members who have not yet approved the Swedish alliance.
Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said on Tuesday that the approved application for Sweden is now just a technical issue.
Earlier on Monday, President Erdogan also seemed to linked Turkey's support for Sweden to NATO, and the European Union and Akara restarted to join the EU negotiations.
EU officials quickly rejected the request, saying that these were two different issues.
NATO issued a statement later stated that Sweden will actively support the "revitalization of Turkey to join the EU process", which includes "EU-Turkish Tariffs Federation Modernization and Visa Liberation."
Turkey applied for the first time to join the European Union as early as 1987, but under the leadership of Erdogan, Turkey gradually moved towards authoritarianism, causing the process of entering the alliance to stop.
However, since Russia invaded Ukraine, Erdogan has also played a unique role -an influential NATO national leader in Moscow.
Last year, he helped promote the "Black Sea Grain Plan", which enabled Ukraine to export agricultural products from its port.
Although Russia has frequently threatened to withdraw, Turkey has been helping to maintain the plan.
But Turkey also angered the Kremlin because of providing armed drones to Ukraine.
Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
Ukrainian President Zellennki hopes that NATO will issue a "clear signal" on the application of Ukraine at the Vilnez Summit.
On the weekend, after the visit of Ukrainian President Zeleki, Turkey unexpectedly allowed five former Ukraine to fly back to Kiev, which also made Russian officials angry.
According to last year's prisoner exchange agreement, Russia hoped that these people would stay in Turkey until the end of the war.
The two -day NATO Peak opened on Tuesday in Vilnius in Lithuania. The application of Ukraine's enrollment will be an important issue on the agenda.
All NATO member states agreed that Ukraine could not join NATO during the war because it was worried that it would lead to a direct conflict with Russia with nuclear weapons.
Ukrainian President Zelei himself also said that he did not want to become a member state before the end of the war, but he hoped that the summit would send a "clear signal" to Ukraine's application.
Several NATO member states in Eastern Europe are urging their neighbors to join NATO, but other member states, including the United States and Germany, seem to be hesitant.
Russian President Putin spokesman Dmitrypeskov warned on Monday that Ukraine's joining NATO will "have a negative impact on the entire security architecture, as if it was destroyed in Europe."
Peskov said that Ukraine's joining the European Union will "absolute danger and threat to our country, which requires us to make a very firm and clear response."
NATO Summit: The prospect of Ukraine is attracted attention 
Image source, EPA-EFE/Rex/Shutterstock
NATO leaders gathered Lithuania to participate in the NATO Summit. The summit may determine the direction of the Ukrainian war and the future of this Western league.
31 member states hope to show Russia that they are determined to support Ukraine for a long time.
After giving up against Sweden to join NATO, they were welcomed. However, there are still differences in all parties for Ukraine's ambition to join the EU in the future.
Some allies are believed to promise new security to Kiev to prevent Russia from invasion in the future. They will also discuss the issues of providing more weapons and ammunition.At a two -day meeting, NATO leaders are expected to reach a new plan to protect NATO member states from Russian aggression by strengthening NATO's troops in Eastern Europe.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66162885 
BBC "Our World" documentary: Hong Kong, go and stay 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T08:52:22.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:52:22.000Z
Description: Since Beijing's 2020 "National Security Law" in Hong Kong, hundreds of thousands have left the city. The BBC "Our World" continued to track several Hong Kong people who stayed and moved to overseas to record how the changes in political and social atmosphere affected their lives.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['香港版国安法', '香港']
Type: Article
BBC "Our World" documentary: Hong Kong, go and stay 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-66162577/P0G064p7/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-66162577/p0g064p7/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials *** BBC "Our World" documentary: Hong Kong, go to and stay on July 11, 2023
Since Beijing's 2020 "National Security Law" in Hong Kong, hundreds of thousands have left the city. Some criticisms have stated that the changes in Hong Kong have reached an incredible degree -democratic faction refers to the weapon that the National Security Law has been used as a snoring. Differential political red lines.
The BBC "Our World" continued to track several Hong Kong people who stayed and moved to overseas to record how the changes in political and social atmosphere affected their lives.
related information 
Hong Kong National Security Law seeks the sound and persistence of overseas Hong Kong people "exterior effect" * Hong Kong's "Counterfeit Middle" 4th Anniversary: Forbidden Books, Forbidden language, self -examination, and Hong Kong people are "re -educated" 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66162577 
Is it difficult to get rid of the Chinese property market in the peak season? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T08:56:00Z
Description: The Chinese real estate market continues to be downturn. Statistics show that in the past, June, which has been regarded as the peak sales season, still has poor performance in June. On Monday, the Central Bank of China and other departments announced a "financial support" property market.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '中央银行', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['中国', '楼市', '房地产', '央行', '房企', '建筑', '开工']
Id: 66186726
After China ended the Qing zero policy, the property market did not move towards the recovery.
(Voice of Germany in Chinese network) Data from various aspects show that the downward trend of the Chinese real estate market is still continuing. According to the surging news report, the data of the sales of real estate companies released by the Krier Real Estate Research Center at the end of last month showed that in June 2023, less than 30 % of the top 100 housing companies increased year -on -year. Only half of the enterprises. Nearly 600%of the top 60%of the real estate companies decreased by more than 30%year -on -year, of which 27 companies' performance decreased by more than 50%.
The report believes that real estate sales continued to be dull in June. Although the supply of 30 cities has rebounded, it has increased by 34%month -on -month. However, from the absolute scale, it still has a new low in the same period in the past five years. The overall transactions of first, second and third -tier cities have been decreased year -on -year, and Shenzhen alone is an exception.
The report of the Institute of Perspective Index also pointed out that the total sales amount of the total equity of the 100 housing companies in June was 363.6 billion yuan, a year -on -year decrease of 34.4%, which was basically the same as the month.
The slump of the housing market is also reflected in the construction industry. According to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, in the first five months of this year, the newly started construction area of houses decreased by 22.6%year-on-year, and the decrease of 1.4 percentage points from January-April. At present, the scale of houses is decreased. From January to May, the construction area of houses decreased by 6.2%year-on-year, and the decrease was expanded from the previous 4 months. From January to May, real estate development investment decreased by 7.2%year-on-year, and the decrease was expanded by 1 percentage point from January-April.
Where to adjust the housing price through tax collection? 
Cool down after rebound 
The "Securities Times" reported that one of the keys one of the key to new project development of real estate development enterprises and insufficient willingness to start construction is that the sales are not bad.
Since 2023, the Chinese property market has appeared in a wave of obvious [rebound] in February and March rebound However, with the release of the depressed housing demand during the epidemic sealing period, since April, the property market quickly cools down Essence In June, which is particularly important for semi -annual performance, in the past, housing companies will increase supply to promote sales, but this year is obviously insufficient. Guoxin Securities Research Report shows that in June this year, the supply of housing enterprises reached a new low in the past five years.
The China Real Estate Market Report released in the first half of the 2023 Chinese real estate market released last week that in the short term, when the sales repayment and financing have not significantly improved, the cash flow of real estate companies still face a large challenge, which directly restricts the start of the company's construction. , Investment enthusiasm, the difficulty of new construction and real estate development investment has now changed significantly.
The report pointed out that the current emotions of home buyers are still affected by multiple factors. Among them, residents 'income is expected to be weak, housing prices are expected to be strong, and buyers' concerns about the end of the house. The report believes that with the continuous weakening of the market in the second quarter, the policy of policy in the second half of the year is expected to increase. If the economy has exceeded expectations in the second half of the year, real estate as an economic "stabilizer", and the policy policy may accelerate the landing.
The Kerry Real Estate Research Center also believes that if there is no strong rescue policy in July, the overall new house transaction scale will still be stable at a low level.
Henan Rotten Tail House Project Endogenesis is difficult to collect 
The central bank extends "16 Finance" 
On Monday (July 10), the People's Bank of China and the State Financial Supervision and Administration Administration issued a notice to "related policies for the stable and healthy development of the financial support in the real estate market" (also known as 16 Finance ) The period is extended to the end of 2024. In November 2022, the Central Bank and the former Bank of China Insurance Regulatory Commission jointly issued a notice to keep real estate financing steadily and orderly, actively do a good job in financial services for insurance, cooperate with the risk disposal of housing companies, increase housing leasing financial support, etc. It clarified 16 support policies, and two of them stipulated the applicable period.
Market analysis believes that the extension of the policy will help further alleviate the pressure of housing enterprises, reduce the risk of financial institutions on loans of housing enterprises, promote the "preserved property", and boost confidence in the property market. The China Securities News reported that it was called "the benefits of real estate".
However, before, the Ehresearch analysis pointed out that it is not easy because the underlying layer of support demand, that is, the recovery of the macroeconomic economy, is difficult to show stable recovery in 2023. " Under the comprehensive effects of many factors such as saving savings, housing enterprises, and promotion of policies, it will be repaired within a period of time, and then re -enter the downlink range. "
The report of the middle finger research institute also concluded that under the current situation, the "old model" of Chinese housing companies' development is not sustainable. DominicBarton, chairman of the board of directors of the transnational mining giant Rio Tinto, talked about the challenges faced by the Chinese economy in an interview with Bloomberg. The real estate industry "is a big problem."
Shen Dong, a former member of the Beijing CPPCC, who has published memoirs and former Beijing CPPCC members in exile, believes that China's real estate industry has come to an end and has no possibility of rebound, which will also affect the trend of consumption. He recently accepted Voice of Germany It is pointed out that about 87%of Chinese people live in the house. If the real estate is going down now, the effect of wealth drama will be reduced. "87%of people see their wealth shrink. In this case, the consumer market cannot be mentioned."
"Red Gambling Disc" author Shen Dong: In Oxford Passover Fear(Comprehensive report) 
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/旺季不旺-中国楼市难脱困？/a-66186726?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
From trauma to freshmen: enter the South Korean Unified Court, which welcomes North Korea from North Korea 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T09:07:46.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T09:07:46.000Z
Description: BBC entered the unified hospital of Seoul to see how to help the North Korean North Korea from North Korea facing a new life.
Images: [" _130342594_de... ", " _130344055_bb... ", " _130344056_re... ", " 4978774e-5fe4... ", " _130344060_re... ", " 3b3bc63c-130c... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['朝鲜', '韩国']
Type: Article
From the trauma to the freshman: enter the South Korean Unified House, which welcomes the North Korea from North Korea 
July 11, 2023![] Image source, unification ministry
Image adding text,
The facilities of the South Korean Uniform Institute provide Korean refugees with various courses including cooking
A drive about two hours from the South Korean capital Seoul, in a village full of jungle hills and paddy fields, there is a building complex that looks incompatible. 
This multi -story building complex overlooking the surrounding rural areas, surrounded by high walls and door guards guarded by guards. This place is isolated, safe and secret.
It is both a training base and a medical facility, but also a re -education center. This is the place where North Korea was sent to South Korea for three months after arriving in South Korea.
Its name is "HANAWON", which is called "North Korea from the residents of the Settlement SUPPPPORTRTREFORTHKOREAN Refugees".
In recent years, the number of North Koreans who fled to South Korea through a difficult journey decreased significantly, and they risked the risk of death to escape to get rid of poverty and suppression.
Ten years ago, about 3,000 North Koreans arrived in South Korea each year. In that year, this number dropped to about 1,000 people, and during the new crown epidemic, as North Korea closed the border, it fell to less than 100.
Nevertheless, South Korea has reiterated not only to continue to open the unified house, but also expand facilities.
 Image source, unification ministry
Image adding text,
This isolated place has a area where technology products are displayed.
The Seoul government believes that as the North Korean side relaxes the control of the new crown epidemic, more North Koreans can escape. In that case, the unified home will be full again.
South Korea ’s unified minister, Quan Ningshi, said that South Korea needs to prepare to welcome these newcomers.
"Don't think of the northern people as aliens, but we must think of them as neighbors from the northern hometown," he said.
Those hedges, flowers and trimmed trees were very popular under the summer sun on Monday. The Korean government rarely allowed reporters to visit the facilities on this day.
We visited a training center that provided 22 courses for the northern people, including hairdressing, beauty, baking and clothing production, and so on.
A room is arranged as a nail shop, and the northern person is here to learn fine nail art. They use the model hand to practice coats, light and trimming.
 Image source, unification ministry
Image adding text,
The support center provides training courses such as manicure and beauty
There is also the aroma of baking, which floats from the cooking class next door.
Other courses are designed to help North Koreans adapt to the lives of this country. The technology here has decades than their country.
One of the classrooms is arranged as a small shop selling high -tech products. Tablet computers, smartphones and computers are placed on the booth.
The floor of another building looks like a modern hospital. There is a small ward, a clinic, and a doctor wearing a white robe.
Not only to take care of these North Korean people's physical needs, many people also have serious psychological problems when they come here, and need emergency assistance.
 BBC
 
Dr. Quan Zhenyong is a psychiatrist working in a unified hospital. He listened to the North Korean people in the facilities about some terrible trauma experiences.
He said that they had to deal with the pressure brought by the escape, as well as the continuous fear of being arrested and repatriated before arriving in South Korea.
Many people are difficult to overcome guilt. They leave their loved ones in North Korea and may never see each other again.
Some people suffer prejudice in South Korea, so they chose to conceal the facts from North Korea.
"My patient had lunch in a restaurant. At that time, the news of playing North Korea's launching missiles on TV," said the doctor.
"He was very uncomfortable, so he quickly left the restaurant after eating. He was worried that people would think if people know what he came from North Korea."
 Image source, unification ministry
Image adding text,
In the facility surrounded by the fence, there is a vocational training center.
In an interview with reporters, the three women who are now in the Unified Academy have revealed what difficulties they are trying to overcome.
They are afraid of their names, and they are referred to only A, B, and C. One of the women also hid behind a barrier to talk to us.
All three fled to China first, and then arrived in South Korea. They live better in China than in North Korea, but they are still full of anxiety and danger.
Ms. B said she failed to obtain a Chinese ID card, which means that she could not go to the hospital, cannot apply for a bank card, or even take a train.
Ms. C said her salary was only half of Chinese workers, because her situation made her unable to fight for more.
They also told that China ’s increasingly close monitoring network forced them to go to South Korea to seek asylum.
"When I decided to defect, I was not afraid of anything, because I was alone," Ms. A said, "but then I gave birth to a child in China, so I realized that I had no legal status."
All three women talked about their hopes for the future -and anxiety. One of them also said that she was even worried about paying taxes.
 BBC
 
There is a person who understands them is Jin Chenghui. She graduated from the Unified Academy more than ten years ago and now operates her own business to produce a kind of rice wine that is very popular in North Korea.In North Korea, Ms. Kim was told that the Koreans would welcome her at first, and then she would be abused and killed.
"It wasn't until I graduated from the unified hospital that I really realized that I was safe," she said.
Ms. Jin said that the real education started after leaving the unified hospital.
"For all the people from the north, the first night outside was unforgettable. Finally, I came to Korea to make me feel relieved. I held my daughter and started crying -not because of my sadness or loneliness, but because of us Survive, "said the 49 -year -old lady.
Ms. Kim remembers how many Korean volunteers are treating her and helping her adapt to a new life in the first few weeks outside.
When she walked into her new home, they greeted her there, took her to see the surrounding shops, and helped her pay for the first taxi. She still keeps in touch with some of them.
Those who are still in the unified hospital will hope that they will have such a good ending.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66162912 
Why do young people in China do not want to get married 
Creator: NICOLE HONG,ZIXU WANG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-11T11:14:42+08:00
Description: As urban women's economy and education levels rise, marriage is no longer just needed. Men mean that marriage is facing economic and cultural pressure. In recent years, political and economic instability has affected many young people's expectations for establishing families, and the marriage rate has reached a new low. Qilai Shen for the New York Times A pair of newcomers took a wedding photo on the Bund of Shanghai and took on Wednesday.
Images: [" 00china-marri... ", " 00china-marri... ", " 00china-marri... ", " 00china-marri... ", " 00china-marri... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 For young adults in China, these three years have been a bit cruel in the past three years. The tide of corporate layoffs led to rising unemployment rates. Although the "clear zero" measures that have been harshered in the new crown have ended, their uncertainty about the future is still there.
For many people, the recent chaos is another reason for delaying the decision of major life, which has led to a record low in the marriage rate and made the government avoid the efforts of the population crisis.
Technical worker Grace Zhang (Yin) has been holding contradictions on marriage for a long time. Last year, the Shanghai Municipal Government's closed control measures restricted her for two months in her home. After being deprived of the ability of free action, the feeling of out of control caused her state to decline. Seeing that the sealing measures spread to other cities, her optimism gradually disappeared.
After China's release in December last year, Ms. Zhang, 31, left Shanghai and started long -range work. With a changing environment, she can restore her positive attitude and travel from one city to another.
Now, due to the poor economic status of China, she has seen the number of people around the layoffs that has continued to increase, and she is not sure if her work is stable enough to make her consider building a family in the future. Although she has a boyfriend, they did not plan to get married immediately, although her father often urged her to settle early.
"The instability of this life will make people more and more afraid of changes in new life," she said.
 A residential community during the closing of Shanghai last year. The new york times
The number of marriage people in China has declined for nine consecutive years, and has decreased by half in less than 10 years. According to data released by the government last month, about 6.8 million couples registered for marriage last year, which was the lowest level since the record in 1986, far lower than 13.5 million pairs in 2013.
Although the number of registered marriages in 2023 has increased compared with the previous year, the number of divorce is also increasing. In the first quarter of this year, the number of marriage people increased by 40,000 compared with the same period last year, and the number of divorce increased by 127,000 pairs.
The survey showed that the cost of allowing children to experience the cruel education system in China and many young people do not want to have children. With the economic independence ability and education level of urban women reaching a new high, for them, marriage is no longer necessary from an economic perspective. Men said they could not afford the cost of marriage, and they pointed out that cultural pressure forced them to have houses and cars before starting date.
The instability of the past three years has exacerbated these pressures, affecting many young people's expectations for establishing families. Under the leadership of Xi Jinping, China has applied increasingly stringent control in all aspects of society, and its results may have an impact on the marriage rate.
"If young people have no confidence in the future, it is difficult for them to consider stabilizing and get married," said Peng Xiujian, a senior researcher at the University of Victoria, Australia.
The fertility of unmarried partners or single people is extremely rare in China. Therefore, the decline in marriage rate is directly related to the decline in birth rate. Since the large -scale famine in the early 1960s, the Chinese population has shrunk for the first time last year.
The ruling CCP carried out publicity activities that encouraged marriage and childbirth, and even held a blind date activity sponsored by the state. The government is conducting pilot projects that promote the "new era" marriage in 20 cities. One of the purpose of the "new era" marriage is that the husband and wife should share the responsibility of raising their children, which is equivalent to recognizing that Chinese women have traditionally assumed unequal burden. A local government in eastern China has launched a wedding application.
 In 2021, a single person checked the personal information hanging in the bushes in a wedding event in Jinan, China. Noel Celis/Age Frace-Presse-Getty Images
But the anxiety that leads to so many people to resist marriage is not easy to solve.
For Xu Bingqian, a 23 -year -old university graduate, the popularity of the new crown virus disrupted her plan to study and apply for graduate students. She has a professor from Cuba who cannot return to China due to travel restrictions. As Feng Zong trapped her in the dormitory, the roommates began to quarrel. She said that they were sorrowful to lose their education opportunities, and there was almost no way to vent such a way.
Ms. Xu now work in a bookstore in Qingdao in the eastern city of the eastern city. She said that planning to be interrupted has caused her to adopt a more "conservative" attitude towards her life to avoid making major decisions, such as looking for a boyfriend.
"I can't be sure that he must be good and bad," Ms. Xu said. "I still don't want this uncertainty to enter my life."
Last month, after a video was widely spread on Weibo, marriage problems became hot topics online. In the video, a man drove his wife many times due to family disputes and killed him. Many comments warn women not to get married. Recently, a Weibo label about refusing marriage has received 92 million views. Commentary pointed out that China lacks protection of women on women's laws on divorce and domestic violence.
Analysis of Wang Feng, a professor of sociology at the University of California Owen, shows that among Chinese cities with ages aged 25 to 29, the proportion of never married has risen from 8.6%in 2000 to 40.6%in 2020.
Many men say they delay their marriage because they lack economic security. In the era when the government's policy of only children (the policy has ended in 2016), due to China's heavy male and female culture, the male population was about 35 million more than the female population, which exacerbated the sense of economic competition in marriage.
 A newlywed couple in Shanghai took a photo with her parents on Wednesday. In the first quarter of this year, the number of people registered in China increased from the same period last year, but the number of divorce also increased. Qilai shen for then york times
The 30 -year -old Xu Xi (Yin) left a multinational technology company this year and changed jobs to a state -owned enterprise. He wanted to get more work protection, although his salary was reduced by 50%, his current annual salary is about 200,000 yuan.
After changing his job, he felt that he had prepared to propose to his girlfriend next year, but he said that they did not intend to have children because the cost of raising children was too high. He said that although China is becoming more prosperous, many people feel that they are more poor, and this emotion will inevitably affect people's attitude towards marriage. According to Chinese population scientists, after the adjustment of the per capita economic output, China is the second largest country in the world to raise children, second only to South Korea.Until 2020, 35 -year -old Irene Wang (Yin) has always been optimistic about life in China. Later, she saw the government's cracking down on private enterprises, stifling employment opportunities in the process, and harsh measures to take the epidemic. She is increasingly worried about the increasingly autocracy.
"I don't think I am confident to give birth to children in China," she said.
Recently, her financial consulting work has exhausted her, so she resigned from Hangzhou to Shanghai to find new occupations. She hopes that Shanghai can have a more diverse date than Hangzhou. She said that many men in Hangzhou's social circle just want to find an obedient wife and are willing to sacrifice their careers for their children.
 Unlike many Western countries, China's marriage rate is closely related to birth rates, and unmarried fertility is extremely rare in China. Qilai shen for the new york times
She has worked in the United States for four years. In April of this year, she went to the United States to see if she should move back. She still lives in China, but is designed to leave plans to transfer some funds to foreign banks, while studying an overseas visa.
"I want to get married too," she said, "but if there is no suitable one, I won't feel what happened."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230711/china-marriage-rate/ 
In order to stabilize the United States and China relations, Biden is looking forward to high -level diplomacy 
Creator: 黄安伟,KEITH BRADSHER,ALAN RAPPEPORT
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:28:21+08:00
Description: Biden believes that high -level dialogue can stabilize relations between the two countries, but recently, the visits of Brinken and others have also highlighted the structural issues of the relationship between the two countries. This diplomacy is not helpful to solve the Taiwan issue and China's military ambitions in the Asia -Pacific. Doug Mills/The New York Times "I think there is a way to solve it and establish a relationship with China that is beneficial to them and us," Biden said.
Images: [" 10dc-uschina-... "]
Category: 美国
Type: Article
 After three years of self -isolation in China, President Biden's senior officials have been in the summer fly to Beijing Try to persuade and persuade Chinese officials including national leaders Xi Jinping to establish a new foundation for the relationship between the two countries.
This may be the most important diplomatic promotion during the term of President Biden. For several years, the relationship between the two countries has been in a dangerous free fall, and Biden believes that the high -level dialogue itself can stabilize the relationship between the two countries. "I think there is a way to solve it, establishing a working relationship with China and us," Bayeng broadcast on Sunday CNN interview Zhong said that the Minister of Finance Jennite Yellen at the time is about to end Visiting Beijing.
Yellen and Chinese Prime Minister and a deputy prime minister who was a senior economic assistant of Xi Jinping made several hours meeting, which is relatively strange to American officials -this indicates that these exchanges may help establish an important one -to -one channel for one -to -one channels Essence Since May, the Director of the Central Intelligence Bureau and the Secretary of State have visited Beijing, and the Minister of Climate and the Minister of Commerce are about to go.
Biden and his assistants said that establishing these personal relationships may be necessary for resolving the crisis between the two major superpowers in the world. However, the recent interviews have also highly highlighted the worsening structural problems in relations between the two countries. Some analysts said that if it is not handled properly, these problems may lead to armed conflicts.
advertise
This kind of diplomacy does not help solve the most difficult problems between the two countries- Taiwan's status —— and China's military ambitions in the Asia -Pacific region are incompatible with the military dominance of the United States in the region. When the Secretary of State Anthony Brinkeng met Xi Jin's usual in June, the Chinese leader even refused to acknowledge that it was necessary to establish a framework for [competition] between the two countries.(https://cn.nytimes.com/usa/20230621/china-blinken-xi-economy/)Essence
This means that China will continue to regard a series of policies in Washington as hostile acts, including export control of advanced semiconductor technology and new military agreements with other Asian countries. US and Chinese officials realized that relations between the two countries are increasingly affected by military tensions.(https://www.nytimes.com/2023/04/17/podcasts/the-daily/china-taiwan-us.html)Essence
Xi Jinping publicly stated for the first time this year that the United States is trying to carry out "comprehensive containment](https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230308/china-us-xi-jinping/)"There are no signs that the diplomatic operation of this summer is dispelled his idea.
Secretary of State Anthony Brinken met with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing last month. POOL Photo by Leah Millis
In an interview, Biden said that when the United States strengthened its military alliance in the region, Xi Jinping called him and asked: "Why do you do this?" Bayon said, "We do this It's not to surround you. We do this to maintain the stability of the Indian Ocean and the South China Sea "and strengthen the standards of use in international waters and airspace.
U.S. officials said that the risks of sea and air in the two countries are increasing, and any accident may cause crisis. But military diplomacy is still a huge gap in relations between the two countries.
When Brintken asked Xi Jinping and his assistants to re -open high military channels, they were rejected. After the Speaker Nanti Pelosi visited Taiwan last August, China closed these channels. In early June, the National Defense Minister Laudie J. Austin III was at the annual security conference held by Singapore by General Li Shangfu, the Minister of Defense of China,(https://www.politico.eu/article/china-defense-chief-ghosts-us-but-meets-with-europeans-security-forum/)Essence In 2018, the US government imposed sanctions on Li Shangfu because China purchased military equipment from Russia.
advertise
Both the Biden government and Chinese officials are preparing for the intensive tensions of US domestic politics next year. The two -party candidates in the 2024 election will compete for remarks on the Huagong. U.S. officials said that this summer's visit aims to give the two governments a frank dialogue on the relationship between the two countries before the political campaign is heating up.
"For China, this year is the last opportunity, because the US presidential election next year may become worse," said Sun Yun, a scholar of Chinese foreign policy in Washington, DC. "Combined with China's own economic challenge In particular, the economic recovery is slow, and Beijing has the motivation to remedy. The same is true of Washington. "
China hopes to receive US economic cabinet officials before visiting China, but the Bayeng government insists on asking Brinken to be the first official to visit after the secret visit by the Central Intelligence Bureau William J. Bernus in May.Yellen, who opened the trip to China last Thursday, was warmly welcomed. The Chinese Ministry of Finance issued a copy on Monday Long Statement The wording of the last US -China relations statement has described her speech. The statement emphasized that Yellen insisted that the United States did not seek to decompose its economy with the Chinese economy -less than two weeks ago, Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang warned in a speech that the United States was trying to decompose.
The most important thing is that the Ministry of Finance's statement recognizes the recent appeal of Yellen and Brinken, that is, the United States and China should cooperate in the areas of the common interests of both parties, including global economic stability and climate change. "Effectively responding to solving global challenges is inseparable from the coordination of China and the United States," the statement stated.
Treasury Minister Jennte L. Yellen has lunch with a group of economists and entrepreneurs in China. POOL Photo by Mark Schiefelbein
A senior official of the Ministry of Finance revealed at Yellen's return to Washington that she successfully established a connection with the new economic team of the Chinese government and "set the bottom line" for US -China relations. This is the description pair of US officials. The favorite of Chinese affairs.
The official who was unwilling to be named said that Yellen and his team better learned about the composition of the Chinese economic decision -making team and their views on China's economic health. The official said that the Ministry of Finance hopes to communicate more frequently at all levels to avoid misunderstanding. However, the official declined to disclose whether Yellen invited He Lifeng, deputy prime minister and economist, who was closely related to Xi Jinping.
advertise
Eswalprassad, a professor of Cornell University who studies the Chinese economy, said that Yellen was "willing to contact the Chinese economic leadership on a series of substantial issues, and at the same time acknowledged the existence of differences, and explained the reason for the United States to take measures. This will lay the tone for more constructive discussions. "
"Although economic hostility between the two countries is unlikely to ease significantly, the visit of Yellen may still help stop the further upgrade of bilateral economic and trade tensions, although Washington's anti -Chinese wording has been continuously upgraded," he said.
However, more conflicts are expected to have more conflicts on investment restrictions, export control and sanctions. The information that US officials tried to pass to Chinese officials are that for national security considerations, the United States is preparing to cut off some extremely specific trade connections with China, which will become a new normal for relations between the two countries. In the April speech, the national security adviser Jack Shalin clearerly explained this concept. At that time, he said that the United States would "use a small yard and a high fence to protect the most important technology."
The Chinese government continues to oppose the United States to impose sanctions on a large number of Chinese entities and individuals. These sanctions are punishment for human rights violations of Xinjiang, Tibet and Hong Kong.
Some Chinese scholars have doubts whether the goodwill brought by Yellen's visit to China. Shi Yinhong, a professor of international relations at Renmin University of Beijing, said that Yellen's most important opinion is that the United States will continue to realize the diversification of the supply chain outside China and will take targeted measures to defend national security.
"This summarizes the two basic national policies that the United States persists and continues to upgrade," he wrote in the text message.
U.S. officials said the risks of sea and air in the two countries are getting greater. POOL Photo by Mark Schiefelbein
Wu Xinbo, Dean of the Institute of International Issues of Fudan University, said that the long -term impact of Yellen's visit to China "will depend on how this will be transformed into a policy." He said that technological issues have become the core issue of relations between the two countries, so the visit of the Minister of Commerce Raymond Doro is critical to show whether the United States is willing to resolve China's concerns.
"To some extent, her visit is more important than Yellen's visit," he said.
advertise
China agrees to restore the climate problem dialogue that was suspended in August last year. Climate Special Envoy Cry plans to arrive in Beijing on Sunday for four -day talks Essence China and the United States are the two largest greenhouse gas emissions countries in the world. Although the capacity of China's renewable energy is expanding simultaneously, coal use has also continued to grow.
"To achieve our goal, we still have a long way to go," Kerry said in an interview last Thursday. "News from the scientific community around the world should be highly vigilant."
At least three Chinese national ministers will visit the United States by October. This will be the most important diplomatic contact of this year -a meeting between Bayon and Xi Jinping at the Economic Summit in the Asia -Pacific countries in San Francisco in November.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/usa/20230711/biden-china-diplomacy/ 
Worried that China threatened Japan to establish a closer connection with the EU 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T14:02:00Z
Description: Japanese Prime Minister Kishida is visiting Europe and participated in the NATO Summit and the EU-Japan Summit. Some experts believe that Kishida will use this trip to remind European leaders in danger of China's policy in the Indo -Pacific region.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['希腊债务危机', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '诺贝尔奖', '欧洲难民危机', '欧洲', '中国']
Id: 66190954
Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishida attended the NATO Summit in Lithuania on Tuesday
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Japan and the European Union are trying to increase trade and better share advanced technologies. Japanese Prime Minister Kishida is expected to sign a series of forward-looking agreements during the European Union-Japan Summit held in Brussels on July 13.
As China is increasingly worried about China's challenge to the constituent of the global political and trade system, European Japan believes that strengthening cooperation is essential.
The differences between Beijing and the United States and its allies (including Tokyo) have also deepened in many fields such as acquisition of natural resources and cutting -edge technologies.
Security issues make these concerns more eye-catching, which will also become EU-Japan Summit Important issues.
Tokyo Meiji University Professor Goito said: "The main goal of Kishida visited the Middle East and Europe is to reduce Japan's dependence on China in terms of trade and natural resources. ","
"Kishida will use this visit to remind European leaders to follow Asia" 
Kishida Wenxiong will also attend the NATO summit held in Lithuania on Tuesday (July 11). During the meeting, it will undoubtedly discuss the Ukrainian war.
However, Kishida will also use this opportunity to reiterate the danger of China's future conflict in the Indo -Pacific region. Professor Ito told Germany: "Obviously, Europe is currently paying attention to what happened in Ukraine, but Kishida will use this visit to remind these leaders that there are many things happening in Asia, such as China's expansion policy, China seizing the South China Islands The alliance between China and Russia has continued to strengthen and the relationship between China and North Korea. "
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
US military can enter more Philippine military bases 
The US Secretary of Defense Austin announced an agreement with the Philippines that enabled the United States to enter the Philippines' other four military bases. In this way, the U.S. army can keep an eye on two key locations: the disputed area of the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. According to officials, about 500 U.S. soldiers are duty every day in the Philippines, and the country allows U.S. forces to stay in the designated Philippine barracks.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
U.S. Defense: Strengthen the alliance to deal with China's illegal claims 
At a press conference with the Philippine Defense Secretary Carlito Galvezjr. Right) at the present conference where Manila attended together, US Defense Secretary Austin said that the efforts of strengthening the alliance "continued to advance its illegal claims in the Western Philippines Sea in China Particularly important". In response, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning accused the United States of pursuing the "selfish agenda" through new military arrangements, saying that this was "exacerbating the tension in the region and endangering regional peace and stability."
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula 
US Defense Minister Austin also announced in Seoul that advanced military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula, including fighter jets and aircraft carriers, to promote joint training and planning. He and South Korean Defense Minister Li Zhongzheng reached an agreement on expanding the United States and South Korea ’s joint military exercises, and also discussed the preparations for simulation exercises in February. North Korea fired dozens of missiles in 2022, including missiles that may have nuclear capabilities, aiming to combat South Korea and the United States. The United States therefore resumed large -scale military exercises last year to strengthen the deterrent of Pyongyang. North Korea officially stated that it was ready to fight against US military operations with "the most overwhelming nuclear force".
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Adjust the US military garrison in Okinawa Island 
In January 2023, the United States and Japan agreed to adjust the United States' garrison in Okinawa. Some of the reason for strengthening anti -ship capabilities and preparing for China invading Taiwan or other hostile behaviors in the South China Sea or the East China Sea in China. Japan is the place where the United States has the most places outside the country, including about 18,000 U.S. Marine War members, and most of them are stationed in the main base of Okinawa. Although Japan and Taiwan do not have formal diplomatic relations, they have close and informal relationships and have common concerns about China's continuous enhanced military activities.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Restarting in the Solomon Islands Embassy 
The United States has restored the US Embassy in the Solomon Islands that has closed since 1993. U.S. Secretary of U.S. Sublinger claims that this is a commitment to partnerships in the Indo -Pacific region. In April last year, the secret security agreement signed with China and China caused concerns about Western powers, that is, the Soonia Islands may provide a foothold for China in the Pacific region. The State Department of the United States stated that the embassy that reopening there is a priority against China's increased influence in the region.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Selling weapons to Taiwan 
The United States has no formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan, but it is the main military supporter of Taiwan. For decades, Washington has sold "defensive" weapons to Taiwan based on the "Relations with Taiwan". After August last August, after the Speaker of the House of Representatives in the United States House, Plogsi visited Taiwan, the Chinese PLA launched the largest real -scale military exercise in the surrounding waters around Taiwan for decades. Then in September, the Bayeng government announced the 6th degree of Taiwan military sales case worth 1.16 billion US dollars. The US Ginseng Institute also passed the "National Defense Authorization Act" at the end of last year. The law plans to send US government officials to Taiwan to strengthen the bilateral cooperation of the United States and Taiwan.In recent weeks, Japan and the European Union have reached a number of agreements, including a memorandum of understanding of the information of rare metals and mineral supply and demand information signed earlier this month. These materials are critical to a series of advanced technologies such as electric vehicles and wind turbines.
The agreement also proposed to cooperate in the supply chain of rare earth ore mining and refining, and improve the supply chain of such resources.
The impact of China's rare metal export restrictions 
A few days ago, China announced that it was an export restrictions on the implementation of rare metals for computer chips, fiber equipment and nightview mirrors. ](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中国管制出口的镓锗究竟是什么/a-66113298)By 2022, China's rare earth ore output will account for about 70%of global rare earth ore output. People are worried that Beijing will restrict exports to harm its economic or political competitors' interests. RobertDujarric, co -director of the Institute of Contemporary Asia, the University of Tiaopu University, said: "We have seen this implicit threat for some time, and this situation is still continuing."
"The United States and Japan have restricted the implementation of China's high -tech equipment and semiconductor exports, so this can be regarded as revenge on the policy." He said, "Japan is trying to reduce the opening of China and the risks brought about by it, so with it, and therefore, with the therefore Establishing closer relationships in European countries is very meaningful. "
The two sides have signed a similar memorandum of understanding for semiconductors, including the establishment of a mechanism for fast sharing information to avoid supply chain interruptions when natural disasters or political issues occur.
According to the agreement, Japan and the European Union will jointly develop the next -generation chips and train future engineers.
The two sides also reached an agreement on strengthening cooperation in the digital field, including regular discussion of artificial intelligence rules.
At a meeting held in Tokyo on July 4, the two sides emphasized that with the development of the sixth generation communication standards, open and secure communication infrastructure is very important.
The two sides also agreed that a new submarine cable through the Arctic Ocean will be conducive to data exchange between Japan and Europe.
English aircraft carrier for the first time stopped at Japan Yokosuka Base 
Japan is establishing a wider alliance 
Professor Ito of the Meiji University said that when Tokyo cooperates with Europe and creates more business opportunities, the main consideration of its leadership is still China.
"Just like Tokyo is keen to join the Seventh State Group and strive to establish a closer relationship with NATO, Japan also regards the EU as a partner in the Pacific region." He said, "Kishida will definitely emphasize that establishing closer military partners with European countries will definitely emphasize The importance of relationship. "
Prime Minister Kishida will meet with the European Council Chairman Michelle and the Chairman of the European Commission Feng Delin in Brussels.
These leaders may promise to increase the frequency of military exercises in the Pacific Ocean and help Southeast Asian partners countries to improve maritime security capabilities.
Other projects on the agenda include the development of space capabilities and joint measures to prevent network attacks and false information.
Dujarik of Tiantu University said: "Japan will clearly explain to continue to support Ukraine, partly because Japan hopes to support Europe and the United States. Stability, these countries will provide assistance to Japan. "
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/忧中国威胁-日本要与欧盟建立更紧密联系/a-66190954?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
German media: Look at the Chinese economy from electric vehicles 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T14:18:00Z
Description: The Stuttgart News commented that the price war in China's electric vehicles will still be extended to Germany. The "South German will" focuses on the weak domestic demand and the pessimism and anxiety of all levels of society, and the risk of shrinking is very real.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['欧债危机', '欧盟', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '德国', '中国', '专题报道：中国经济何处去？', '留学德国', '中共十九大', '德国汽车工业']
Keywords: ['电动汽车', '价格战', '中国', '中国经济', '通缩', '德国', '大众', '比亚迪', '特斯拉']
Id: 66191083
Volkswagen ID.3 production line in Germany
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The Stuttgart News commented that the price war in China's electric vehicle will still be extended to Germany.
The comment wrote: "... China's leading manufacturer BYD The price of some cars is lower than the cost. This is a gambling that looks at the future-the price hoped on the high battery can soon decrease significantly. If you do n’t follow the trend now, you may lose your customers. Therefore, after Tesla, Volkswagen also sacrificed diving prices so that No more than competitors in China Essence The basic version of Volkswagen's ID.3 is now only 15,000 euros in China, about 25,000 euros cheaper than Germany. "
The comments predict that the competition of the opponent through the price reduction and discount will soon come to Germany , Especially small cars. "(Chinese competitors) Want to decide with German car dealers in German domestic markets through competitive technology and low prices. This sounds threatened for the economy, which is quite attractive to customers. "
Even the Chinese electric vehicle market is no longer the annual growth rate of the three digits in the past three digits
See Weizhi 
The "South Germany" reported that the current situation is very dangerous for the automotive industry. "Because once the customer is accustomed to the price continuously falls, they will wait and see and delay the purchase of the car, because it may always occur cheaper. Soon, auto manufacturers may no longer have funds, they must reduce production, reduce salary, or even check or even check or even get offer. Factory dismiss employees. "
The article said that China's overall economic situation can be seen from the price war of electric vehicles.
The article wrote: "Western countries confront stubborn high inflation , China against Tong Shrinking The concerns are continuously increasing. Due to weak local demand, consumer prices have not increased year -on -year, which is the first time since 2021. … At the same time, the price of manufacturing even fell by 5.4%year -on -year, the largest decline since 2015. "
The article quotes expert analysis that China is true facing the risk of shrinking Essence "After the government originally hoped that the clearing policy ended, the economy would automatically recover. However, talking to the Chinese people will feel that there is pessimism and anxiety in all levels of society. Real estate prices have declined. The export industry is subject to important market economies such as Germany and the euro zone. The weak influence ... ... The only good news is that in the service industry, the industry has been impacted the most under the blockade of the epidemic. Nowadays, people start to travel, but they spend less money than before the epidemic. "
Shanghai has become a city of electric 
The article wrote that the Chinese government's regulation space is not large. "The level of profitability of state -owned banks is reduced to the degree of danger, and loans cannot be issued without choosing. At the same time, many local governments excessively liability after expensive new crown measures."
The article quotes industry insiders that the government is expected to raise infrastructure expenses and relax the purchase restrictions of houses in the next few months. As for whether it will take effect, it is necessary to wait and see.
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：从电动汽车价格战看中国经济/a-66191083?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
American legislators: Enterprises and the Communist Party of China are co -aggling human rights tolerance 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T14:41:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:53:41-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Chinese Commission of the United States Congress and the Administrative Authority held a hearing on July 11, 2023 on whether the multinational enterprises were supporting the actions of human rights in Chinese authorities [![] Reporter Jingwei Photography Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaODAO/JUNSHIWAIJIAO/jw-071112023111440.html/@stream The U.S. Congress held a hearing on Tuesday to review whether the relevant multinational companies provided support for the Chinese government's infringement of human rights. Some officials stated at the hearing that based on the "Prevention of Uyghur Labor Law", the US customs and government departments are increasing law enforcement to prohibit the entry of Chinese products involving forced labor.
The United States announced that the Chinese e -commerce survey report avoids the law, and the forced labor caused concerns Forced Labor and the United States Association Commission announced the results of preliminary surveys of Shein and TEMU * invading human rights beauty and then banning two Chinese companies products imports * 
On July 11, the CECC (CECC) of the Chinese Congress and the Chinese Congress (CECC) provided a hearing on whether the multinational enterprise was providing human rights for Chinese authorities to strengthen the review of the international supply chain. The chairman of the committee and Republican member Chrissmith pointed out at the hearing that since the 1990s, the US government has decoupled the trade with human rights in China, which has developed a threat of the Chinese authorities into a threat to democratic survival. Founded the road.
Smith (right), chairman of the Chinese Committee of the United States Congress and the Chinese Committee, pointed out at the hearing that since the 1990s, the US government has decoupled trade with human rights issues in China, which has paved the development of the Chinese authorities into a threat to democratic survival. The road. (Reporter Jingwei Photography) 
He said: "(At that time) expectations were that a strong trade may help China transform from dictatorship to a good democratic country to some extent. This expectation is wrong. This is not convincing in history. precedent."
Smith emphasized that China has seized benefits from rules -based international order, but its growing economic strength has made the authorities try to propose a systematic alternative to reshape human rights to obey the international order of the CCP's politics and ideology. Find an international enterprise in China or entering the Chinese market often finds that it is also involved in the risk of serving human rights for the CCP. These human rights behaviors involve racial extinction, imported forced labor products, forced harvesting human organs, establishing a large -scale technical monitoring system, and reviewing Internet information and restricting the freedom of speech of citizens.
Robert Selfus, Vice Minister of Homeland Security Policy, said at the hearing that since the effect of preventing the Uyghur Labor Law in June last year, the US customs and border sector have investigated and dealt with four four dollars worth more than $ 1.4 billion in four dollars. More than two hundred batches of goods. (Video screenshot/US Congress official website) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-11T14-41-00-04-00/000005.png) Robertsilvers, deputy Minister of Land and Security Policy, said at a hearing that since the effectiveness of the Uighur Labor Law in June last year, the U.S. customs and border sector have investigated and punished by more than 1.4 billion More than 4,200 goods in the dollar. He emphasized that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security will continue to expand its efforts to enforce the above bills, including recently listed the two Chinese enterprises of Nasda and Sino -Thailand Chemistry in the "entity list" related to the "Prevention of Under the Labor Law of the Uighurs".
He said: "U.S. laws that are prohibited from importing these illegal goods reflect the values of our respect for human rights, protecting American workers and legal enterprises ... Our early law enforcement is strong, but we do face challenges."
Silfus acknowledged that the goods worth below 800 US dollars could not be reviewed when entering the US border.
Enes Kanterfreedom, a former American Professional Basketball League (NBA) athletes, also said in testimony that he has been under pressure from the Chinese government because he has always advocated human rights and the previous "sneakers" incident, but this will not stop him from being stopped by him. Human rights sound.In 2021, Kanter chose to wear a pair of sneakers with the words "liberating Tibet" to participate in the NBA competition. But before the competition, the two staff members asked him to take off his sneakers, which was rejected by Kanter. Later, during the midfield rest, Kanter received a notice from the manager saying that all his Celtics were banned in China. After the game, Kanter's behavior also attracted the resistance of Chinese fans.
Cheng Yuan, the founder of the civilian public welfare institution "Changsha Funer", who was sentenced by the Chinese authorities with the "crime of subverting the state power", and his wife Shi Minglei told the American legislators at the hearing that the Chishan prison of her husband's sentence involved forced labor. Cheng Yuan himself was deeply persecuted.
Shi Minglei, the wife of Cheng Yuan, founder of the Chinese folk public welfare agency, "Changsha Fenfen", told the American legislators at the hearing that the Chishan Prison, which her husband served, involved forced labor, and Cheng Yuan himself was also persecuted. (Video screenshot/US Congress official website) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-11T14-41-00-04-00/000009.png) Shi Minglei: "My husband is currently forced to do a lot of sewing work. If the prisoners refuse to work or have not completed a quota, they will be punished by various punishments, including for several hours in a row, forced to reach the indicators, cutting off their contact with their family members . In some cases, they will be beaten and shocking. "
Jeffmerkley, co -chairman of the Chinese Congress and the Chinese Committee of the United States Congress and the Chinese Commission, emphasized that the protection of the supply chain to avoid contamination of forced labor must be the primary problem of whether the enterprise is compliant. If any company is the CCP authorities Supporting support for racial extinction policies is unacceptable.
Reporter: Jingwei Responsibility: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei * **
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/jw-07112023111440.html 
China -Australia contradiction upgrade: WeChat rejects the Australian Senate hearing 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T15:00:00Z
Description: Chinese social giant WeChat refused to participate in Australian social media intervention hearing, which caused a fierce response from Australia. Whether WeChat has influence on the Chinese Australian community has triggered a deeper discussion.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['澳大利亚', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '社交媒体', '中共十九大', '德国联邦大选', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['微信', '澳大利亚', 'James Paterson', '拒绝', '出席', '审查', '中国', '宣传', '社交媒体', '干预', '政治']
Id: 66192162
76%of the Chinese Australians said that they use WeChat every day
(Voice of Germany) Chinese social media application -WeChat is widely used in Australian Chinese. In the complex relations between the two countries, what role WeChat play has attracted widespread attention. WeChat has repeatedly rejected a hearing of the Australian Senate on interference in domestic political affairs through social media. The timing of the Australian official on Tuesday's hearings on Tuesday continued to increase by the Australian official's suspicion of WeChat.
Australian Liberal Senator Jamespaterson issued a letter claiming that WeChat has repeatedly rejected a hearing at the Australian Senate's foreign interference social media special committee. He told the Tencent's leadership to Shenzhen's headquarters in Shenzhen that if WeChat continued to refuse to publicize its position to Parliament, the committee may have a negative perception of it. In the letter, he wrote: "Some experts who testify in front of the committee believe that WeChat should be considered to protect the freedom of Australian users. If WeChat continues to refuse to attend the committee, we will inevitably be willing to be willing to be with Australia. Legal cooperation draws conclusions and makes corresponding suggestions. "
"I know in Australia, there are about one million users in Australia. I admit that it is a necessary communication tool for Australians with Chinese ancestry. However, the committee has received convincing evidence. [WeChat is the "narrative machine 'of the Communist Party of China]](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/智库中共通过微信控制澳洲中文媒体/a-55984361)We heard some disturbing allegations, that is, WeChat has been used to intimidate and harass Chinese Australian human rights activists and their families overseas to suppress their freedom of speech. "
WeChat and TIKTOK have become the target of government inspections in the United States
WeChat in Australia: Controversy and influence 
Hong Kong's "South China Morning Post" reported that WeChat does not have a resident employee in Australia, so the Australian Parliament cannot forced executives from Shenzhen, where Tencent Headquarters is located to attend the hearing. However, WeChat said, "WeChat strictly abides by all markets. We look forward to continuing to talk to those related to Australian interests."
"South China Morning Post" pointed out in the report: WeChat's influence and role in Australia attracted people's attention. A survey by the Lowy Institute of Sydney shows that WeChat is the third largest social media platform used by Australians daily, second only to YouTube and Facebook. 76%of Chinese Australians said they use WeChat every day, which has become the main source of news from Chinese Australians.
However, WeChat, as a platform for news and perspectives, has caused alertness in Australia's politics. During Morrison's ruling, the relationship between Beijing and Canberra was deteriorated, and WeChat faced the call for banning due to national security issues. In addition, WeChat is not the only Chinese application in Australia. In April this year, Australia announced that Tiktok will be removed from all federal governments. Today, social media companies, which have been interfered by domestic media in Australia through social media in Australia, also include Twitter and Lingying.
Kapland, a lecturer at Johns Hopkins University(Seth Kaplan)In April, I told relevant committees in Australia that although everyone is paying attention to video sharing application TIKTOK , But WeChat's threat to Australia's national security is more profound.
WeChat can't stand the refutation of the feet 
According to the Sydney Pioneer Morning News, WeChat argued to this that the application was designed for users outside China and was not under the jurisdiction of Chinese law. Tencent refers to the WeChat overseas version "WeChat". Tencent previously said that WeChat allows users to conduct private communication and will not push any content to users. Tencent has no editing control over the content of the users.
But this is not the case. WeChat has been able to accurately control what kind of users can send or accept. For example, if you use WeChat to send the banned book that the Chinese authorities are unwilling to see, users can see the PDF documentation smoothly, but the receiver cannot see any document. Both sides will not receive any wrong prompts. At the same time, if you publish some include Four Tongqiao " , "Eighty -ninety -sixth" chat messages or multimedia content, will also face similar problems. The scope of sensitive words will continue to change according to the current demand of the current publicity and censorship system in China.
However, "Sydney Pioneer Morning News" also pointed out that two Australian scholars stated in a document submitted to the investigation committee that it is forbidden to WeChat to prevent the country's huge and increasingly increasing Chinese community "emotion, psychology and actual actual Chinese community. harm".
In general, WeChat has attracted 1.25 billion monthly active users worldwide, most of which are located in China, and WeChat's influence in the global Chinese community cannot be ignored. On August 1st this year, Australia's relevant committees will submit policy recommendations to the government.
("South China Morning Post", "Sydney Pioneer Morning News", etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中澳矛盾升级：微信拒绝澳参议院听证/a-66192162?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The NATO Summit is in Lu Kewen: China South China Sea Sound harms international order 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T15:19:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T10:13:36-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Washington Think Tank Peace Research Institute held a seminar on July 11, 2023 on the Sales Safety situation involving the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea Video screenshot/official website of the Institute of Peace in the United States)
The North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) held a summit in Lithuania on Tuesday. The "Asia -Pacific" leaders of Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, and Japan will also attend the participation of the partners. On Tuesday, the U.S. think tank discussed with NATO and India -Pacific Security involving the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea.
NATO's new strategic concept refers to Beijing's systemic challenges invites the four Asia -Pacific countries to block China NATO Secretary -General Warning on China's coercion Asia -Pacific Four Kingdoms leaders attended the NATO Summit China expressed strong dissatisfaction With the increasing influence of China's external expansion, the situation of Indo -Pacific security has also become the focus of global attention. It is generally believed that at this NATO summit, leaders of various countries will also focus on discussing issues related to China. Among them, the "Four Asia -Pacific countries" of Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, and Japan also received invitations this year, and will participate in the summit for the second consecutive year as partners.
On July 11, the UNITED States Institute ofpeace was held for this seminar. Participants and officials focused on how the four Asia -Pacific countries should jointly protect the international order of the Indo -Pacific region. Australia, New Zealand, and New Zealand The embassies in South Korea and Japan all sent representatives to attend the meeting.
Former Australian Prime Minister and current Ambassador to the United States, Kevinrudd pointed out at the meeting that the international community's current security risks facing cross -regional security risks: "China's space station and Russia's space stations have brought new challenges to the world, ... … In addition to space and network security, in terms of geographical politics, countries are also very correlated. For example, most shipping worldwide needs to pass through the South China Sea. "
Former Australian Prime Minister and current ambassador to the United States, Lu Kewen pointed out at the meeting that the international community is currently facing cross -regional security risks. (Video screenshot/official website of the Institute of Peace in the United States) 
Japanese officials: Sino -Russian threats prompt the West to be more united 
Tamakitsukada, a Japanese official in the United States, pointed out that Russia's strategic alliances with China make the relationships with NATO and Indo -Pacific countries more closely: "Japan believes that defending existing international order can bring the greatest benefit to Japan. Japan and Russia and Russia In the Far East, there is a boundary problem that has not been solved. Japan also threatens to China every day in the East China Sea. "
At the seminar, the participating scholars mentioned that China has accused NATO of expansion through the Russian and Ukraine war and the so -called opening of the new Cold War. In response, Lu Kewen responded that China's point of view was "nonsense." Lu Kewen pointed out that the international court has ruled that China's sovereignty in the South China Sea is not in line with international law, and the result of not respecting the judgment is endangering the existing international order. The reason is also related to the threat of China's so -called rise.
Lu Kewen emphasized that China's official saying that "the intention of the United States and its allies to open the new Cold War through expansion of NATO is untenable.
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Editor: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei * **
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-07112023114740.html 
The person in charge of the US think tank was charged as a Chinese agent abandoning and absconding 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:20:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T19:02:50-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Gal Luft, co -director(Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-11T16-20-00-04-00/000001.png)](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-07112023161303.html/@@images/image)Screenshots of oil pipe video screenshots and media reports from the United States and the United States Broadcasting Corporation (ABC), New York prosecutors accused the original director of the Washington Think Tank Global Security Analysis Research Institute on Monday (July 10), co -director of the Institute Forthe Analysis of Global Security ( Galluft) was suspected of acting as a Chinese agent without registered. Under the premise of US sanctions, Iranian officials met with a Chinese energy company to discuss oil transactions. Prosecutors said that Lubch was arrested in Cyprus in February this year and faced American allegations, but abandoned the bid to abscond during the extradition. Louch, 57, has dual nationality in the United States and Israel. The complaint also accused Lubord's replacing China in 2016 to pay a consultant of President Trump, which promoted policies that are conducive to China, and drafted comments in the name of the consultant to publish in Chinese newspapers. In addition, prosecutors also stated that Louch has contributed to Chinese companies to sell weapons to Libya, UAE, Kenya and other countries. Ru Ford responded on Twitter that he had never been a arms dealer; he also argued in the tweet in February that he was arrested in Cyprus as a request for extradition of the United States for his political motivation. The Institute of Global Security Analysis, which belongs to Louch, issued a statement on Tuesday, saying that Lubord was a completely upright and honest person who was confident and confident in his innocence. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-07112023161303.html 
Temasek reports the worst return rate in 7 years (Free Version) 
Authors: ['梅塞德丝•吕尔']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T23:49:36+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T19:50:99+08:00
Description: The Singaporean state-owned investment institution reported that the total shareholder return rate in fiscal 2023 was -5.07%, and warned that in the face of economic recession risk, rising interest rates, and geopolitical tension, it has slowed its investment.
Images: []
Themes: ['淡马锡', '关注']
Keywords: ['淡马锡', '主权财富基金', '投资', '蚂蚁金服', '马云']
Type: Article
Singapore State -owned Investment Institution Temasek Holdings(Temasek Holdings)It reported the worst return since 2016 and warned that in the face of economic recession risk, rising interest rates, and geopolitical tension, it has slowed its investment.
As one of the world's largest and most active investors, Temasek said that with the decline in the public and private equity capital market, especially the technology stock sector has been severely hit, the net value of its investment portfolio has shrunk to 3820 as of 3820 as of March. S $ 100 million (packed 285 billion US dollars). In contrast, the net value of its investment portfolio reached a record of S $ 403 billion in 2022. The accounting method based on the market price has led to a loss of S $ 7 billion.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100219 
From October, the French people can get a bonus to repair shoes and make up clothes 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T-13:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:20:03+00:00
Description: (AFP, Paris, 11th) The French government said that bonuses will be issued from October to encourage people to repair clothes and shoes instead of throwing them away.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The purpose of this move is to reduce the 700,000 tons of clothing thrown by the French each year, and these clothes eventually enter the garbage burden.
The French Secretary of France, who is responsible for ecological affairs, said, said: "From October, the government encouraged consumers to repair clothes and shoes when they visited the Lacaserne Center of Paris Sustainable Fashion Center today."
Kuyar invited all sewing studios and shoe makers to join the REFASHION system and label on this system.
According to this plan, if customers repair the heels, they can apply for subsidies of 7 euros (about NT $ 245); if they are repaired, they can get 10 to 25 euros. These expenses will spend 154 million euros from 2023 to 2028.
The "remake" organization is instructed by the government to engage in the sustainable development of the industry. The organization said that in 2022, France had 3.3 billion pieces of clothing, shoes and home linen products to the market.
"Our goal is to support those who do maintenance." She refers to sewing studio, as well as brands that provide maintenance services.
The textile industry is one of the most polluted industries on the planet. Since the end of 2022, the French government has promoted the large -scale reform of the textile industry. This time, the subsidized people to repair clothes are the part of the big reform.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-10%E6%9C%88%E8%B5%B7%E6%B3%95%E5%9B%BD%E6%B0%91%E4%BC%97%E4%BF%AE%E9%9E%8B%E8%A1%A5%E8%A1%A3%E5%8F%AF%E8%8E%B7%E5%A5%96%E9%87%91 
Comments | Hu Ping: The Great Martyr, Forever Model -Commemorate the 6th Anniversary of Liu Xiaobo's death 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T-16:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T16:12:28-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A man in a T -shirt printed with the late China Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo photo Associated Press/Data Photo Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/hp2-07102023133813.html/@stream Today, July 13, 2023 is the sixth anniversary of Liu Xiaobo's death.
On December 8, 2008, before the publication of Charter 08, the CCP authorities arrested Liu Xiaobo into prison, and one year later, he sentenced to 11 years in prison for "inciting the crime of subverting the state power". This judgment shocked many people. "Charter 08" is very gentle, and there are more than 300 people in the first batch of signed, but only Liu Xiaobo was convicted in prison, and his sentence was 11 years. At that time, I speculated that most of them were the CCP authorities who wanted to exile Liu Xiaobo overseas.
In 2008, Professor Hao Jian of the Beijing Film Academy made a video interview with Liu Xiaobo. This is Liu Xiaobo's last video interview during his lifetime, which is very precious. In this interview, Liu Xiaobo mentioned that during the period of 1996-1999, he had the opportunity to exempt from labor camp and leave China to the West. Liu Xiaobo said: "In 1998, Clinton visited, and the Chinese government asked me (Liu Xiaobo) to talk to the United States in the name of medical treatment. To be honest, if you really sentence me for more than ten years, like Wang Danwei Jingsheng, I am, me Maybe you will consider it. To be honest, this three years have passed, and there is one and a half years left. How can I survive. "
I wanted to come to the authorities to see Liu Xiaobo's interview. This is why the authorities have sentenced Liu Xiaobo for 11 years. Because the purpose of the authorities is to exile Liu Xiaobo overseas. The authorities believe that if only three or five years are sentenced, Liu Xiaobo will insist on the jail; if he is sentenced to more than ten years, Liu Xiaobo will consider whether it is an exile as an overseas exile like Wang Dan and Wei Jingsheng.
But the authorities made a wrong abacus. Because of this moment. In 1998, Liu Xiaobo, if he was sentenced to more than ten years in prison, will mostly agree to accept exile; but in 2008, Liu Xiaobo, even if he was sentenced to seriously sentence, would rather sit and wear it at the bottom without accepting exile.
From 1998 to 2008, Liu Xiaobo's thoughts and realms had an amazing improvement.
On January 13, 2000, Liu Xiaobo wrote in the letter to Liao Yiwu: "... Compared with the characters in other Communist darkrs, we can't call the real tough guy. For so many years of great traged There is still no moral giant, similar to Harveil. In order to have the right to selfishness, there must be a moral giant to sacrifice selflessly. The will. History is not necessarily inevitable. The appearance of a martyr will completely change the soul of a nation and enhance the spiritual quality of people. Gandhi is accidental, and Harvey is accidental. The improvement of people is done by these accidents. You cannot expect the collective conscience of the public, and can only rely on great personal conscience to condense the cowardly public. In particular, our nation also requires moral giants. Infinite, a symbol can evoke too much moral resources. "
In 2002, Liu Xiaobo wrote a long article "The Poverty of the Chinese Folk Opposition -Sixty -33rd Anniversary". The article said that the loss of freedom of Aung San Sui would rather sit in the bottom of the prison and never exile. The development of faction itself and the support of the international community provide sufficient morality and organizational resources. Liu Xiaobo is regrettable that in China, under the extreme horror of the June 4th slaughter, a large number of representative characters of folk morality can escape or be forced to exile. History originally gave some people to become such symbolic characters. The opportunity, but for this kind of reason, they failed to become such a character, which caused China to fail to produce enough to consolidate the people like Sanahanov, Harvel, Wavina, Mickey Nik and Aung Shan Suji to condense the people A moral consensus opposition leader. Liu Xiaobo firmly believes that China needs such a model of morality. This means that as early as 2000, Liu Xiaobo had made up his mind. If destiny puts the opportunity to become a model or put it on him, he must try his best to take it.
We can speculate that the authorities sentenced Liu Xiaobo for 11 years at the beginning, and the purpose was to force Liu Xiaobo to accept exile overseas. We can also speculate that the authorities must reveal their intention to Liu Xiaobo more than once. It was just rejected by Liu Xiaobo. Later, the authorities gave up this intention. The authorities were afraid of Liu Xiaobo sitting through the bottom and walking out of the prison alive, becoming Angshan Suji in China, so they took extremely vicious means, which caused Liu Xiaobo to be cancer. When he was released from prison, he died in prison.
Liu Xiaobo failed to become a Chinese Sukhan Suji in China. Liu Xiaobo's death made him a great martyr. Compared with Sanhanov, Harville, and Aung Shan Suji, Liu Xiaobo set us a eternal model of eternal morality in his own way.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/huping/hp2-07102023133813.html 
Microsoft: Chinese hackers invade specific US government e -mail accounts 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T-2:45:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T14:10:44-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Data picture: The building depicted in the figure is where the "61398 force" of the Chinese PLA is located in Shanghai's team, which is often mentioned in cyber attacks. Associated Press picture materials
Microsoft Microsoft disclosed on Tuesday evening that Chinese hackers invaded the US government email account and tried to collect American intelligence. The New York Times reported that people familiar with the matter said that the attack was targeted, and hackers were targeted at specific accounts, rather than large -scale invasion. Adam Hodg, a spokesman for the White House National Security Council, said that the confidential network has not yet been affected and the evaluation of the amount of information obtained is still ongoing.
Microsoft said that a total of 25 organizations including the US government were attacked by hackers. This gang uses a fake authentication tool to access personal email accounts. Microsoft also said that hackers have invaded some accounts at least a month before being discovered. The complexity of the attack and its targeted indication shows that this hacker gang is either affiliated with the Beijing intelligence department or working for it.
Charlie Bell, executive vice president of Microsoft, wrote on social media, "According to our evaluation, opponents are mainly engaged in spy activities, such as entering the email system to collect intelligence."
Microsoft did not disclose the names and institutions invaded by hackers. On Wednesday, the U.S. State Department stated that it has been investigated, and immediately takes action to ensure the security of its computer system.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-07122023132656.html 
Experts on the earth entering "Human World" say that chicken bones are evidence 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T-4:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T10:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Paris, 11th) When 500,000 years later, aliens or human beings studied stratigraphy deposition to solve the past of the earth, they will find unusual evidence of subverting life 500,000 years ago and sudden drama. That's chicken bone.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This is the conclusion that scientists have discovered that human appetite and activities have expanded rapidly, and after fundamental changes to the natural system and entered a new geological era "Anthropocene".
Among the mud and rocks in the middle of the 20th century, there are other obvious clues, including increasing carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases, as well as radioactive debris generated by nuclear tests, omnipotent plastic particles, and the spread of invading species.
But chicken bones may be one of the most deep discoveries.
First, they are human inventions.
Geopologist Carys Bennett said: "Compared with its ancestors or wild similar," modern meat chickens are far away ... body shape, skeletal shape, skeletal chemistry and genetics are different. "
Bennert is the main author of a research in 2017 in the British journal "Royal Society OpenScience". This study provides evidence for chickens as the saying of "iconic species" of the human world.
In other words, the existence of meat chickens proves that humans have the ability to invade nature and intervene in nature development.
Janzalasiewicz, a honorary professor of paleontology at the University of Pierst, told AFP that "(animal) evolution usually takes millions of years, but only a new kind of" Type animal. "
He presided over the official "AnthropOocene Working Group (AWG), which was more than 10 years old that Crawfordlake (Crawfordlake) in Toronto, Canada has proved that the earth has entered the earth about 70 years ago because of human activities. The new geological chapter "Human World".
The commonly existed broiler is another evidence, and a lot of chicken bones will be left on the places where people live on the earth.
Bennte, who was a researcher at the University of Leist and the current official of the "Peta" (PETA), said: "Chicken is a symbol of our changes in our biosphere.
She said: "A large number of unique chicken bones are discarded all over the world, leaving clear signals in the future geological records."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230712-%E5%9C%B0%E7%90%83%E8%BF%9B%E5%85%A5-%E4%BA%BA%E7%B1%BB%E4%B8%96-%E4%B8%93%E5%AE%B6%E7%A7%B0%E9%B8%A1%E9%AA%A8%E5%A4%B4%E6%98%AF%E8%AF%81%E6%8D%AE 
The market is waiting for the United States to announce the closing of Japanese stocks in the United States 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T-8:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T09:35:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 12th) Japan's Tokyo stock market today closed down under the influence of the yen exchange rate, and market investors waited for the important inflation data announced by the United States today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Japanese stock 225 index fell 259.64 points, or 0.81%, and closed at 31943.93 points. Dongzhi's stock price index closed at 14.92 points or 0.67%, and closed at 2221.48 points. Essence
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230712-%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E9%9D%99%E5%BE%85%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%85%AC%E5%B8%83%E9%80%9A%E8%86%A8%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE-%E6%97%A5%E8%82%A1%E6%94%B6%E8%B7%8C 
Geely's overseas electric vehicle ambition (FREE Version) 
Authors: ['Lex专栏']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-12T00:23:00+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T20:23:99+08:00
Description: LEX column: Geely Automobile Holdings intends to jointly produce hybrid power assemblies and internal combustion engines with Renault. This foreshadows that Geely will strive to expand its electric vehicle business overseas.
Images: [" 000187232_pic... "]
Themes: ['吉利汽车', '关注']
Keywords: ['吉利汽车', '亚太公司', '奔驰']
Type: Article
 Some people collect cars in life. China's billionaire, Geely Automobile(Geely Auto)Founder Li Shufu(Eric LiShufu)It is keen to accumulate business relations with foreign car manufacturers. He has already held Volvo Motor Company(Go back)Integrate to Majesty, and in Mercedes(Mercedes), Luther(Lotus)And Aston Martin(Aston Martin)Wait for the company to hold a shares. Renault now(Renault)It was also added to this partner list.
Li Shufu's Geely Automobile Holdings(Geely Automobile Holdings)A joint venture agreement with Renault, France on Tuesday to produce a hybrid power assembly and internal combustion engines. But this joint venture is not just a component transaction with a European auto manufacturer. It heralds Geely's efforts to expand its electric vehicle business overseas.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100220 
Responsible in the United States to provide a bundle bomb to Ukraine: Russia threatens the use of similar weapons 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-12T01:15:26
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T01:15:26
Description: The Russian Defense Minister Sho Gulu threatened on the 11th that if the United States provided a bundle bomb to the Ukrainian army, the Russian army would also use a bundle bomb.
Images: [" 31579496-1688... ", " maxresdefault... ", " maxresdefault... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Shaygou: If the United States provides a bundle bomb to Ukraine, then Russia will have to use such ammunition(Anadoru News Agency)The Russian Defense Minister Sho Gulu threatened on the 11th that if the United States provided a bundle bomb to the Ukrainian army, the Russian army would also use a bundle bomb. On the other hand, Ukraine has accused the Russian army of launching missile attacks on Kiev, Odessa and Hermone.
Shogu said that although Russia has more efficient bundle ammunition than the United States, Russia did not use these clustering ammunition in Special military operations in Ukraine.
He added that if the United States provides a bundle bomb to Ukraine, Russia will have to use "similar" attack methods.
The United States announced last week that it will provide Ukraine with a bundle ammunition that is widely used internationally internationally for counterattack operations against the Russian army.
 Ukraine's offensive faces severe conditions(Peninsula TV Station)
loss of Ukraine 
The Russian Minister of Defense Sho Guru confirmed that the Kiev regime has not achieved any goals on any front. He also emphasized that since the beginning of the counterattack, the Russian army has destroyed 21 Ukrainian aircraft, 5 helicopters, 1244 tanks and other armored warfare car.
He also added that since the beginning of the counterattack, Ukraine has lost more than 26,000 soldiers and more than 3,000 various weapons.
Sho Gulu said that Western intelligence agencies recognized the efficiency of Russian defense, lightning fields and air defense systems in counterattack Ukraine attacks.
In terms of on the spot, Haggogu said that the Russian army promoted 1.5 kilometers near the front line near Leman, East Ukraine.
Shaygan told a TV reporter that after fighting the offensive of Ukraine, the "Russian forces launched a counterattack and pushed 1.5 kilometers along the front line of 2 kilometers near Leman." It should be pointed out that the Ukrainian army controlled Lyman in October 2022.
 Russia and Ukraine War(Peninsula TV Station)
missile attack 
On the other hand, the Ukrainian army accused the Russian army of using suicide drones and ballistic missiles to launch large -scale air strikes on Kiev, Ukraine's capital, and northern and southern cities in the country.
The Ukrainian Air Force said its defense system shot down 28 of the 28 Iranian Shahde drones launched in the early morning of the 11th.
The Ukrainian military said that in the Kiev area, the shot -down drone wreckage damaged many houses. Officials said that an administrative building in Odessa was damaged. In addition, a fire occurred in a dock near the port of Odessa, but was quickly extinguished.
In the attacks of Kiev and Odessa, no reports of personnel died, but the Governor Alexander Procuna of Hermuson region said that the Russian army bombed some of the state in the state, causing one of the village of Sofervka Village The death of a famous woman and the two people in Hermone were injured.
With the continuation of the Ukrainian war, air strike warnings all over the Ukraine. At the same time, NATO leaders held a summit, while the Kremlin criticized the summit and stated that Moscow would never watch on his own safety issues.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/7/12/%e5%9b%9e%e5%ba%94%e7%be%8e%e5%9b%bd%e5%90%91%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%8f%90%e4%be%9b%e9%9b%86%e6%9d%9f%e7%82%b8%e5%bc%b9%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%a8%81%e8%83%81%e4%bd%bf%e7%94%a8 
Luo Guancong's family was indignant by the Hong Kong police raid 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T01:27:00Z
Description: Luo Guancong, who currently lives in the UK, was wanted by the Hong Kong government this month and rewarded HK $ 1 million. On the 11th, three of his parents and brothers were assaulted by the Hong Kong police and were released after being taken to the police station. This move was criticized by British lawmakers as a means to lure home.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['谷歌', '香港', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议']
Keywords: ['香港', '《国安法》', '罗冠聪', '海外港人', '通缉']
Id: 66195914
Luo Guancong, a former member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council, and the chairman of the Hong Kong Chuangzhi Party, was wanted by the Hong Kong Government in 2020 to violate the National Security Law.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) According to the "Sing Tao Daily" quoted anonymous news, the Hong Kong Guoan Police arrived at the family residence of Luo Guancong, a former Hong Kong Legislative Council member who moved overseas in the early morning of Tuesday (July 11) to bring his parents and brothers to bring his parents and brothers Ask the police station. After recording the confession, they were allowed to leave, and no one was arrested. A Hong Kong police confirmed to AFP that day.
In early July, Hong Kong police only announced that eight well -known Hong Kong democratic activities of Hong Kong who were wanted overseas, and each person rewarded 1 million Hong Kong dollars And it contains Luo Guancong. In June 2020, he announced the implementation of Hong Kong The National Security Law After leaving Hong Kong, he currently lives in the UK.
According to reports, the police asked the content of his family, including whether he provided economic support for Luo Guancong and as an agent of Luo Guancong in Hong Kong. Afterwards, the Hong Kong Police also said that Luo Guancong's family "suspected of assisting the person who was wanted by the police (continued) to engage in behaviors and activities that endangered national security. The investigation is in progress and may take further action, including arrest."
In an interview with the British "Guardian", Luo Guancong said: "I can firmly declare that my work has nothing to do with them. The idea of" get help from them "is completely ridiculous."
Hong Kong sovereign transfer 25th anniversary of the official heat people cold comparison 
Hong Kong media pointed out that this is the first time that the Hong Kong police have questioned relatives of overseas wanted criminals after issuing an arrest warrant. Analysts have observed that the Hong Kong government has recently used "similar means to the central government security forces" to threaten people from overseas objections, including harassing their domestic families.
Mark Sabah, director of the Hong Kong Foundation Free Council Britain and EU district, said that such actions will make overseas Hong Kong people "do not dare to expose the true face of Hong Kong authorities and its Beijing master."
Aliciakearns, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the British House of Commons, said that the raid against the Luo Guancong's family was "completely angry" at this raid against Luo Guancong's family in order to "seduce" Luo Guancong returned to China.
Kanez called for the British government to call the Chinese ambassador for complaints after the Hong Kong government announced a reward for overseas democrats. She and other parliamentarians with the same position, earlier this month, also urged the government to impose sanctions on Hong Kong officials who have suppressed them in British and Hong Kong people.
Police Police actively pursue 
Since the Hong Kong police issued an arrest warrant in early July, 5 people in Hong Kong have been arrested.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/涉嫌金援海外通緝犯-数名港人被捕/a-66130659) 。
On July 5th, Lin Langyan, former chairman of Hong Kong's Zhi Zhi, was arrested by the Guoan Police for allegedly supporting the overseas disagreement of the Golden aid.
Earlier, Li Guihua, the General Police Department of the Hong Kong Guoan Department, said at a press conference that as long as the wanted overseas people would not return to Hong Kong for a day, the Hong Kong police could not arrest them, "but we will not stop (hunting them)."
Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao A few days ago, it was also stated that criminal crimes suspected of violating the National Security Law were serious. The SAR government would investigate its legal responsibility for life. The wanted "the only way is to surrender", otherwise the "fear of the day".
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/羅冠聰家人遭港警突襲問訊-英議員憤慨/a-66195914?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
How far is we from leisure life? (Free version) 
Authors: ['萨拉•奥康纳']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-12T01:48:20+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T21:49:99+08:00
Description: "Resting has never been done after you finish everything. If you want to rest, you must take time to rest."
Images: []
Themes: ['工作', '关注']
Keywords: ['工作', '健康', '工作生活平衡', '休闲', '自动化']
Type: Article
For many years, people have been dreaming of a world without a job. Oscar Wang Erde(Oscar Wilde)In a prose in 1891, I imagined such a future: "It's like trees growing, but rural gentlemen are in a rest, so when humans are happy and enjoying elegant leisure (human goal is it, not it is not it, not it is not, not it is not, not it is not it, not it, not it, not it, not it, not it, not it. When labor), creating beautiful things, reading beautiful things, or just thinking about the world with praise and joy, the machine will do everything necessary and unpleasant jobs. "
This year, the rapid development of artificial intelligence once again triggered such a question: Will one day machine completely replace the needs of human labor? I doubt this, especially because humans have the extraordinary ability to create work for themselves. However, let us and assume that technological progress really started a leisure era. Can we really adapt?
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100221 
Refut on Fukushima Nuclear Water Safety China: Drink by the believers by themselves 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T02:09:00Z
Description: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin once again opposed Japan's nuclear wastewater to discharge the sea and criticized it. If anyone believes that the Fukushima nuclear pollution water is safe, the Japanese side should be used by these people. Hong Kong, South Korea, and New Zealand have also responded to the imports of Fukushima Nuclear Water and Japanese food.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '韩国', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '新西兰', '中共十九大', '福岛', '朝鲜']
Keywords: ['福岛', '核污染', '中国', '韩国', '新西兰', '福岛核电站', '福岛核废水']
Id: 66195935
On the 7th, the mask of Korean students wearing Ri Xiangtian, President Yin Xiyue, and Director -General of IAEA protested in Japan's nuclear wastewater.
(Voice of Germany) Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin said on Tuesday (July 11) that if anyone judges Fukushima Nuclear Water Swimming and drinking should allow these people to use themselves instead of being ranked into the sea.
Earlier, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) issued an evaluation report on the 4th, arguing that Japan will discharge the Fukushima nuclear pollution water plan to meet international standards. However, the director of the agency, Rafaelgrossi, interviewed on Friday (7th) that there are actually differences between the 11 experts of the assessment working group](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/路透社iaea总干事暗示福岛报告专家组内部存在意见分歧/a-66153690)And waves.
Wang Wenbin said that experts participating in the IAEA evaluation have published different views, showing that the agency's introduction of the report is too hasty and the conclusions are also limited and one -sided. Pass "".
Some media questions were asked that when Gronci visited South Korea and New Zealand a few days ago, it was no dangerous for the drainage of Fukushima nuclear treatment water to drain the water and other nuclear power stations. In this regard, Wang Wenbin responded that Fukushima's nuclear pollution water is still uncertain whether it can be dealt with. Compared with the water excreted by other nuclear power stations, it is different from the types of radioactive nucleoin and the difficulty of treatment. "It is not at all at all. "One thing", incurable ratio.
A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs reiterated on the 11th to oppose Japan's discharge nuclear wastewater (data photo).
Wang Wenbin said that IAEA did not evaluate the effectiveness and long -term reliability of the Japanese nuclear pollution water purification equipment, and it cannot guarantee that all nuclear pollution water in the next 30 years can deal with the standards. in conclusion.
He said: "If some people think that Fukushima nuclear pollution water can be consumed and swimming, we recommend that the Japanese side use the nuclear pollution water to make good use of them for drinking or swimming instead of being row into the sea and worrying about the international community."
Regarding the strong response of the Chinese side this time, Chinese netizens have supported it and agreed that "why do you not keep it by himself since it is a good thing?" He also said that Wang Wenbin "knew the proposal" and "domineering leakage". Gronci "talks about it for 10 years and said it will not be rowed."
China wants to expand restrictions on daily food imports 
Reuters reported that Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao previewed on the 11th that if Tokyo insisted on nuclear treatment of water, Hong Kong will prohibit imported water products from many counties in Japan.
Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao previewed that there may be aquatic imports (data photos) in many counties in Japan.
Li Jiachao said that he has asked the Hong Kong Environmental Ecological Bureau Director to set up a cross -departmental team to formulate relevant plans. The Hong Kong government will adopt "decisive action" and announce relevant details to the public as soon as possible. He said that the Hong Kong Government must ensure that the food safety in Hong Kong is guaranteed. Although some industries such as catering will be affected by this, "I believe they will understand."
The Associated Press reported that Hong Kong is currently prohibited from importing some products such as Vegetables and vegetables from Fukushima; poultry and meat products from Fukushima, or some foods in other four counties, can be imported if there is a radiation test certificate.
Reuters reports that Hong Kong is the second largest agricultural and fishery export market in Japan, and Mainland China has stated last week that it will strengthen the review of Japanese food And continue to restrict some imported food in Japan. Earlier, South Korea has also stated that it will continue its ban on imported food and seafood in Fukushima.
There are different reactions in each country 
For Japan's nuclear treatment of water, Fisherman Fukushima Farewell to affect the reputation of fishing and cause economic losses, and continuously expressed opposition; the response of the surrounding countries is also different.
Earlier, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning once said , "The sea is reasonable and the sea is not guilty" is the illusion created by the Japanese side. The IAEA evaluation report is limited to the subsequent processing of nuclear wastewater in the rowing plan. Call for Japan to consider other methods.
Grace, director of the International Atomic Energy Agency (Data Photo).
South Korea also has a lot of concerns to endanger human health and marine environment. Reuters reported that the Director -General of IAEA went to Seoul from the 7th to 9th. When explaining the nuclear water discharge report, South Korean Foreign Minister Park Zhen emphasized that the Korean side consistently. Inspection and handle in compliance with international law and standards. However, South Korean officials did not directly oppose Japanese emissions of nuclear water, but they also continued to emphasize that before the relevant concerns of the Korean people, they will continue to restrict the import of Japanese fishery.
After the trip to South Korea, Gross went to New Zealand. On the 10th, New Zealand Foreign Minister Nanaiamahuta told Gross that the New Zealand government was confident in the evaluation results of IAEA, but the shadow of the nuclear tests of nuclear tests in the Pacific region could not be ignored. Continue to make meaningful direct contact with the Pacific.
Reuters reported that Grones then went to the Pacific Island to continue the relevant instructions.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 

When the 71 -year -old fisherman Ono Haruki removed his fishing at Komigou in Shinachi, it was already bright. Ono is the third -generation fisherman and has been in Shinachi for half a century. It was only 55 kilometers north of Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station. In 2011, one of the most serious nuclear accidents in the world occurred there.
*#
Fishermen in FukushimaWhen cleaning silver fish, Ono remembered the day when he changed the world: On March 11, 2011, a nine -level earthquake triggered a huge tsunami on the east coast of Japan. Ono survived on his boat, but his home on the land was destroyed. He lost a younger brother. The tsunami also impacted the Fukushima nuclear power plant, causing explosion and melting. 
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Tragging fisheries 
The radiation released during the disaster during the reactor caused the fisheries in the area to be completely stagnant. It was not until 12 years later that the price of fish slowly recovered. Ono believes that Tokyo Electric Power Corporation will be "unbearable" that the plans of polluting water into the sea again. He was worried, "We are afraid we will return to the origin again."
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Place of cooling water 
The damaged Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station scene at the scene of the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station is the focus of controversy. According to the authorities, these water storage tanks must be removed before rebuilding. These water is mainly used for cooling reactors after the disaster.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
cooling water is safe? 
An employee of Tokyo Electric Power Co., Ltd. raised the water sample in front of the camera. These water is treated, filtered and diluted. Dongdian and the government claim that it is safe now. However, it contains trace. Although this radioactive homogenin is considered relatively harmless, fishermen are worried that the water will be discharged into the sea again to destroy their business again.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
In control? 
The radiation test standards cited by the Tokyo Electric Power Corporation and the Tokyo government are stricter than other countries that are also discharged. This release has also been approved by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). "We have equipment to make water safe." Tomohikomayuzum, a spokesman for Tokyo Power Company, told Reuters.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Fish in the wastewater tank 
In order to prove the processed water innocence and harmless, Tokyo Electric Power Company is breeding fishes in the water tank of the abandoned Fukushima first nuclear power plant. Toshihirowada at the University of Fukushima said that it can understand the fishermen's concerns. He said that Tokyo Electric Power Corporation announced that the emission of polluting water was "unfortunate" for the fisheries that have just recovered in the region.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Sprinkle salt on the wound? 
Fisherman Ono Haruki poured the fish he captured into a water tank. He was angry at Tokyo Electric Power Company: "The ocean is not a trash can." He said in an interview with Reuters and asked, "Why do you put water to the waters of Fukushima, why not put water to Tokyo or Osaka?" He said, he said, The people in the region have suffered sufficient pain, and now they have suffered more pain.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
The future of fishermen 
Ono Chunfu stands in the place where the former house is located. After the tsunami, the area was turned into a park. Although his new home is inland, the 71 -year -old man had to "work at sea" to the end of his life. He felt dim in the future prospects of the fishing industry. He asked: "What do those children who go to elementary and junior high schools?" For them, it was too unstable for them.
Author: philipp böll
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/反駁福島核廢水安全-中國：信者自行飲用/a-66195935?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
In the era of digital economy, will the life span of enterprises become shorter and shorter? (Free version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-12T02:12:05+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T22:12:99+08:00
Description: Zhou Ziheng: In the era of the digital economy, the social and economic environment has changed, and the competition intensity of enterprises is higher; the number of enterprises will become more and less or less? Will the life span of the enterprise become longer and shorter?
Images: [" 000187243_pic... "]
Themes: ['管理', '关注']
Keywords: ['管理', '数字经济', '企业']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
The longer the life span of an enterprise, the better the number of companies?
In the past, the economy and society always tended to think that the more the number of enterprises, the better, and the longer the life span of the enterprise, the better, the so -called "businessmen gathered, human smoke spoke", and the "hundred -year -old shop" was advertised.
The number of enterprises is positively correlated with the activity of the economic system, and the motivation for establishing an enterprise is also diverse. Enterprises breed more enterprises and maintain their existence for different purposes. The number of enterprises has a certain relationship with the life span of the enterprise, and there is no doubt that the existence of a large number of unable to profitable enterprises has extended the life of the corporate group on the surface. Extreme examples, that is, the so -called zombie enterprise -although companies are difficult to make profitable and have difficulty in operating difficulties, it is necessary to try to keep it on the cost of closing the cost or bearing it. Some zombie companies are caused by acquired, partly set; some are based on financial considerations, and some are based on legal settings; some zombie companies still have their "value" and still responsible for their specific functions. Can wait for bankruptcy to close.
Although many reasons or motivations have prevented the withdrawal of some enterprises, maintaining the competitive intensity of enterprises, improving innovation capabilities, and a more vigorous vitality of the economy and society are still constantly promoting the corporate environment to be exempted from closed, conservative, and rigid. The household is not stingy, and the flowing water is not rot. " But everything has two sides, and it is changing:
In the era of the digital economy, the social and economic environment of the enterprise has a historic drama, the competitive intensity of the enterprise is higher, the innovative ability has a qualitative leap, and the economic vitality is also changing. Then, the number of enterprises will become more and more. few? Will the life span of the enterprise become longer and shorter?
Under the digital economic conditions, the establishment and exit of enterprises should be more convenient in the technical process. The activities of many enterprises are even digitized. The records of finance and legal activities are clear, complete, and timely. The termination of exit is guaranteed in terms of efficiency, and no longer experiences tedious finances, laws, and administrative procedures. In short, the exit of enterprises is not "difficult" as it is established. On the other hand, the corporate responsibility has become completely "digital" to a considerable extent. The identification and definition of the facts are clear, accurate, complete, and timely, and the responsibility is greatly reduced. As a result, when the function of the enterprise comes to an end, its responsibility naturally comes to an end, and there will be no de facto deferred, and the determination of responsibility between enterprises will not be deferred.
This shows that under the conditions of digital economy, the survival of enterprises is more based on the actual situation of its functional implementation. Once the function is completed or terminated, the necessity of the company's survival is zero. Compared with the re -setting of the enterprise, the functional rehabilitation is compared with the company. The latter may be more convenient. The main form of the assets of exited enterprises is digital assets, and its circulation is efficient and convenient, and it is not necessary to transfer through the form of company equity or control. Therefore, as the enterprise's new establishment, the withdrawal of enterprises will also frequently occur frequently or even a large number.
Under digital economic conditions, business outsourcing will be more convenient, effective and comprehensive. The functional organization of the company's institutions will be modularized and outsourced, and the adjustment of the function framework will become more convenient and efficient. Therefore, external functions will be external. Universalization, a large number of company companies have newly established and exited have become a normal system arrangement.
So, how short is the life of an enterprise?
From the perspective of the product, the life span of the enterprise should be longer than the product life. Simply put, when the product is still in a shelf life or warranty period, the enterprise should continue to ensure its product responsibility. The problem is that if the product is outsourced out of the after -sales, or the product responsibility is more detailed, that is, the main body of the product responsibility is diverse, then the product sales party is not the only or main responsible party. However, the impact of the product liability event is completely in a controllable range, which does not cause trouble. That is to say, the life expectancy of enterprises can be universally shortened than the product liability period, that is, it is not subject to its constraints.
From a financial perspective, the tax completion of the enterprise is based on the financial year. Under the digital economic conditions, the time node of the economic activities is dense and accurate. The corresponding payment arrangements and the tax burden occur in time and accurate. It can occur in time or even at the same time according to the standards of digital and fiscal and taxation, and it is stagnant from time to time. There is no need to agree or set separately. Funding between enterprises, payment is settlement, and the popularity of smart contracts, there is no need to arrange separately. Even if there are so -called unified accounts, nuclear debts, and even the arrangement of upward increases, they often occur immediately or at any time. There is no need to accumulate mergers and processing, or the part of the subsequent financial responsibility is greatly compressed. Obstacles. That is to say, under digital economic conditions, the constraints of financial activities on enterprises will be weakened, and they will not even constitute fundamental constraints. Because the financial responsibilities on the financial office are clear, and the constraints such as smart contracts are guaranteed, the meaning of the accounting assumption of sustainable operation is not great. It will bring fundamental distress.
From the perspective of corporate law, the efficiency of the establishment and exit of the enterprise has greatly improved, and the company's industry is more sensitive to legal responsibility. The legal responsibility sharing and functional settings are more detailed. The complex responsibility subject will timely terminate a series of responsible subjects in a timely manner. Therefore, legal, the life span of the enterprise will be completely based on its functional settings. A large adjustment or change of the functional model will be a more reasonable and efficient choice to replace existing enterprises will be more reasonable and efficient. Adjust the reform to adapt to the new situation, and the industry will respond through more convenient replacement of outsourced companies or new companies.
From the perspective of the market, the experience, reputation, and market position or share accumulated by the company still have its inheritance. higher. In fact, most of the changes in enterprises are carried out indirectly, which helps change, transfer, authorized production or sales of trademark patents, instead of new enterprises to replace existing enterprises. Transition period or adaptation period. In the era of digital economy, this so -called transition or adaptation period is more short -lived, and even the market does not care about changes or replacement of enterprises.
From the perspective of corporate operators, the digital economy era provides more flexible and changeable corporate operation dimensions. In terms of employment, it can even achieve zero employment. The business model and its activities depend on digital economic environment such as network computing power. The institutional constraints and concept constraints of the previous digital economy are weaker. The length of the life expectancy of the enterprise will not be the purpose, but the means.
It is expected that the enterprise is flexible and suitable, and its relocation or change will occur more frequently, which is more favorable for individuals or markets. On the other hand, a new "long -lived" company enterprise will also appear, which only provides the agency functions of related company companies, and its so -called products or services are all realized by the "outsourcing" company. In fact, these companies are "empty shells" of just living crabs, not so -called "zombie companies" ...Note: This article only represents the author's personal point of view
Editor of this article Xu Jin jin.xu@ftchinese.com 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100214 
The Beijing Youth Hostel is more than 35 years old, and the discrimination is everywhere? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T03:06:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:00:51-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Youth Hostel Baidu Encyclopedia Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/gt1-07122023030626.html/@@stream The news of a youth hostel in Beijing's rejection of 35 -year -old passengers attracted the attention of netizens. Some interviewees said that from recruiting civil servants to all areas of society, discrimination regulations are everywhere.
Chinese "35 -year -old curse" and workplace bottleneck According to the upstream news client, at the end of June, when Mr. Li came to Beijing, he contacted a number of hostels. I did not expect that many businesses have explicitly refused to receive middle -aged people over 35 years old. In this regard, Mr. Li was very puzzled, "I asked who the boss meant, and she said that it was not safe to go to bed and get out of bed. This is also an excuse. I am speechless. Although it is close to (35 years old), I You can still do 50 push -ups, or you can run 5 kilometers, and you can turn a 2 -meter wall. How can it be dangerous? "
Many youth hostels in Beijing rejected passengers for check -in with "different habits over 35 years old and not easy to manage".(Weibo Picture/RFA Drawing) Current affairs commentator Wang Zheng said in an interview with Radio Free Asia on Wednesday that this age discrimination is closely related to the current social environment and system: "In China, especially the elderly, it is very common to travel by car. Age discrimination is based on the Chinese people in ten years, and it is continuously increasing, which has a lot to do with the social environment. The society specifies different things to clearly classify this systemic discrimination. "
On July 11, Mr. Li told the upstream news: "Some are directly indicated, and some will ask you when you call." He also said that he used to stay in the Youth Hostel in Shanghai, Zhengzhou, Dali, Kunming and other places before. None of them have encountered such requirements. On the same day, the media reporter contacted a number of youth hostels in Beijing. Some merchants said: "There are many reasons, there is no need to explain them one by one." The reporter asked, "One is the habit of lifestyle, work and rest (different) Second, the age is old, it is not good to care, and so on, etc., many. "
Recruitment requires accommodation under 35 years of age limit 
Youth Hostel originated in Europe, and its industry standards and culture were initiated and advocated by the International Youth Hostel Alliance, but there was no restriction on the age of passengers. Beijing Anti -Discrimination and Army said in an interview with this station that the Beijing Youth Hostel proposed the age restrictions on residents is a discrimination. He said: "I see the age of 35 years of age, it is easy to think of the age threshold in the field of employment in China. In 1994, the temporary provisions of the relevant civil servants promulgated by the Chinese government must be under the age of 35 to apply for civil servants. The provincial recruitment of civil servants has followed the 35 -year -old standard. It can be seen that some of the sources of discrimination in China are the government. "
For age discrimination, beauty blogger light blue legends: I just want to say that most people will live to 35 years old, "you" will be 35 years old, if you are 35 years old The problem in this society will become more and more serious.
A number of youth hostels in Beijing rejected passengers to check in with "different habits over 35 years old and difficult to manage" and was bombarded by netizens.(Weibo/Guting provided) From recruiting civil servants to various discrimination from the government 
The Army believes that the government should try to eliminate discrimination and protect people's equal rights, but the opposite is the opposite. He said: "We also see very common hepatitis B discrimination, AIDS discrimination, high discrimination, appearance discrimination, disabled discrimination. If you trace the source, it is caused by the government's original behavior, even the laws and policies formulated by the central government. "
Related news once appeared on Weibo hot search. Some netizens said that they should not find a job over 35 years old, and now they do n’t even have a hotel over 35 years old. At the age of 35, they are not only disliked by the company, but also the hotel. ? There are also comments, whether the hostel owner is more than 35 years old to give the hostel to young people to operate; when the social insurance medical insurance, 35 is a young man, and he becomes middle -aged when working. Another picture uploaded by netizens shows that in front of the door of a cafe, a prompt sign with a 3 to 13 -year -old child declined to enter.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shuting Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/gt1-07122023030626.html 
Cuban attacks the US nuclear submarine currently traversing Guan Dama Bay 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T03:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T03:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Havana, 11th) The Cuban authorities said today that a nuclear -powered submarine in the United States has recently traces at the Kanada Namo Bay military base, saying that the US move is a tension for a few weeks of "provocative upgrades".
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Washington previously accused of setting up a spy base in Cuban many years ago.
The Cuban Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued an English statement stating that Cuba "strongly opposes a nuclear -powered submarine to the Guantanamobay on July 5, 2023. This submarine stays at the local U.S. military base until July 8". Essence
The statement also said that the incident was "provoked by the United States, and its political or strategic motivation was unclear." The statement warned that "the US armed forces nuclear submarine is in the Caribbean region and is dangerous."
The U.S. State Department refused to disclose the news about the motion of US military assets. The State Council said that Cuba is trying to divert the attention of the two anniversary of the national protests in 2021.
Cuba broke out in 2021. Fidel Castro's largest national struggle since the 1959 revolution. Cuba accused the United States of inciting the riots yesterday. (Translator: Ji Jinling)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E5%8F%A4%E5%B7%B4%E6%8A%A8%E5%87%BB-%E7%BE%8E%E6%A0%B8%E6%BD%9C%E8%88%B0%E7%8E%B0%E8%B8%AA%E5%85%B3%E8%BE%BE%E9%82%A3%E6%91%A9%E6%B9%BE 
Nike involved in Xinjiang forced labor was investigated by the Canadian supervisory agency 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T03:40:00Z
Description: Canadian folk groups have accused the supply chain of Nike's Canadian subsidiaries and dynasty gold mines that may involve Uyghur forced labor, but companies have not taken sufficient prevention and remedy measures. Another company, "Metoch", was questioned by US members.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '加拿大', '新疆', '美国']
Keywords: ['维吾尔人', '新疆', '强迫劳动', '加拿大', '供应链法', '商业尽职调查', '美国', '企业责任']
Id: 66196176
Nike's Canadian subsidiary was accused of suspected Uighurs forced labor. In response, Nike responded that it had confirmed to the supplier that it had not used textile materials produced in Xinjiang. (Data photo)
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The Canadian Enterprise Responsibility Supervisor's Office (Core) issued a preliminary evaluation report on Tuesday (July 11) to investigate the Nikecanada and Dynasty Golds of Nike Canadian. The supply chain and Chinese business of these two enterprises are suspected of using or benefit from the forced labor for Uighurs Essence
Reuters pointed out that this is the first time that the office has launched such investigations since the office has established a complaint mechanism in 2021. In the past, no other institutions in Canada had conducted similar investigations. China has always refuted the above allegations about the forced labor in Xinjiang. On the 11th, the Chinese ambassador to Canada denied it again in a statement.
In June last year, 28 private groups jointly complained to the overseas business of 13 Canadian companies, including the two cases, and the evaluation report and subsequent measures of the 11 cases will be released separately in the next few weeks.
Supervisor Sheri Meyerhoffer said through a statement that the mission of the agency is to solve human rights involved in human rights in a fair and fair manner. Responsibility](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/防范强制劳工-德国供应链法落实得了吗/a-65438393)"".
The Office of High Commissioner of Human Rights Affairs issued a report last year that the Chinese government's allegations of torture to Uighurs and other ethnic minorities in Xinjiang are "credible", and may constitute anti -human crimes Essence At that time, Zhang Jun, a Chinese ambassador to the United Nations, stated that Beijing "resolutely opposed" the assessment of the report, saying that "the so -called Xinjiang issue is completely lies for political motivation."
The picture shows the "Occupational Training Center" of Daban City, Xinjiang. Western accusations such as "re -education camps" are actually "re -education, but China continues to deny it. (Data photo)
Nike and the dynasty gold ore facing allegations? 
According to the Canadian Supervisory Institutions Report, the civil organizations proposed by the appeal quoted the Australian Institute of Strategic Policy (ASPI) in 2020. Enterprises such as Yida Textiles have business exchanges; these Chinese enterprises are suspected of being forced to be forced to " re -education The Uyghur, or "exported" Uyghur workers from Xinjiang to other provinces.
Civil groups call for Nike to take reasonable measures to ensure that their product raw materials are not from Xinjiang. Faced with allegations, Nike responded in February this year that it had confirmed to the supplier that it had not used textile materials produced in Xinjiang, and had strengthened its supervision procedures, and did not find that the Uyghur was hired in the supply chain. Nike denies related companies such as Hao Yuanpeng.
The dynasty gold mines were accused of using or benefiting from forced labor in Xinjiang mining areas. Civil groups advocate that although the operation of the dynasty's gold mines in China may be controlled by local partners, it is still responsible for ensuring that the mining area is not used for forced labor. In this regard, the dynasty gold mines said that it had stopped mining in Xinjiang in 2008, and the relevant human rights doubts occurred after the company evacuated Xinjiang.
In response to the report issued by the Canadian Supervisory Institution on the 11th, the dynasty's gold mines responded to Reuters through emails, saying that the allegations were "completely without basis"; Nike did not immediately reply to the comment request.
In 2021, the "Xinjiang Cotton" controversy broke out. H & M and other multinational brands were rebounded by China for not using Xinjiang cotton in the past. At that time, the Chinese government and the people also launched a large -scale resistance to support Xinjiang cotton. (Data photo)
Forced labor involved in Chinese prisons 
On the 11th, another company was charged with suspected forced labor: the US Congress questioned that Milwaukeetool, Milwaqi, had hired a Chinese prison prisoner. According to Reuters, Republican members Chris Smith and Democratic Senator Jeffmerkley asked in a letter in a letter asking whether Metoch did supervise the supply chain and investigate relevant charges.
According to Wisconsin Watch, Wisconsin Watch, [Taiwan Human Rights Proposal Li Mingzhe], which has been detained for 5 years, has been detained in China for 5 years.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/遭關押五年返台-李明哲揭中國司法獄政現況/a-61742524)It means that he had been forced to work for 13 hours a day and stitched his work gloves for Movak with other Chinese prisoners. One of the company's suppliers, Shanghai Sidel Safety Products Company, was charged with outsourcing to prison in Hunan Province.
In response, Movccy responded to Reuters that the company had "strict policies and procedures" to ensure that the product was not forced to work, and claimed that "no evidence was found to prove relevant allegations." Movagch belongs to Hong Kong's Chuangke industry.
The United States' "Prevention of the Uighur Labor Law" officially came into effect last year. Many multinational retail operators faced Congress's inspection due to their business in China. In May this year, US Congress also wrote to Nike, Adidas, Shein, Temu and other companies to ask whether its products use raw materials from Xinjiang. Some U.S. officials also accused China that shifted prisoners from Xinjiang to factories in other provinces; China has repeatedly denied it. The Chinese Embassy did not immediately respond to Reuters' comment request.
Media: American companies participated in China to transfer Xinjiang Victoria Labor 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/耐克涉新疆強迫勞動-遭加拿大監察機構調查/a-66196176?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The United States considers providing guidance missiles to Ukraine to warn Russian officials to warn the Third World War of the Third World War 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-12T04:19:40
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T04:19:40
Description: A senior Russian official warned that as the West provided weapons to Ukraine -especially the cluster weapon, the third World War was coming. At the same time, the report said that the Biden government was considering remote missiles providing land to Kiev on the ground.
Images: [" RC2Z02AKWQRB-... ", " image-1689135... ", " 1432844765-16... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian soldiers attacked the Russian position near Bachmurut with a grenade gun(Reuters)A senior Russian official warned that as the West provided weapons to Ukraine -especially the cluster weapon, the third World War was coming. At the same time, the New York Times quoted a US official as saying that the Bayeng government was considering the long -range missiles provided by Kiev on the ground.
The Vice Chairman of the Russian Security Council, Medvedev said that Western countries provided various weapons assistance to Ukraine -the latest support types of assistance are ammunition, which has entered a dead end. arrival."
On the 11th, Medvedev issued a statement on the NATO (North Atlantic Convention Organization), which was hosted by the Giln youth in the Gulnman capital of the Gelegram capital, and pointed out that its preliminary results were "in line with Russia's previous pre -judgment". Essence
Medvedev (former President of Russia) said that Russia's special military operations in Ukraine will continue to carry out the same goals. One of them is to refuse to let the "Kiev Nazi organization" join NATO. It is impossible to happen.
In the past period of time, Medvedev has issued many controversial statements and threats many times. He also pointed out that there are reports that the city of Tocmark, which is reported, was bombed by a bundle. It reveals our inhumane weapon inventory. "
 Russia and Ukraine War(news agency)The United States announced on Friday that it decided to provide a bundle bomb to Ukraine. This was the first time since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War in February 2022, which angered Russia -Russia believed that this move was an upgrade, and some of the Ukraine The European countries expressed their support for the United States, although they did not fully agree with this decision.
As Medvedev made the above remarks, the Russian Defense Minister Shosh was threatened that if the United States provided a bundle bomb to the Ukrainian army, the Russian army would also use a bundle bomb.
Sho Gulu said on the 11th that although Russia has a more effective cluster ammunition than the United States, the Russian army did not use such ammunition in Ukraine's special military operations. He also added that if the United States provides a bundle bomb to Ukraine, Russia will have to use "similar" attack methods.
The United States announced last week that it will provide Ukraine with a widely disabled of ammunition internationally for counterattack operations against the Russian army.
The United States and Ukraine have accused Russia of using cluster weapons during the Ukrainian war.
Air Force Training Alliance 
In the context of the upgrading of the situation, the New York Times quoted two U.S. officials and a European officials reported that the US Biden government is considering providing a remote missile to Ukraine.
The newspaper quoted these officials who did not want to disclose their names, saying that the United States was still unwilling to transport its remote army tactical missile system (ATACMS) with limited inventory to Ukraine, although the Bayeng government acknowledged that the Ukrainian army suffered a serious shortage of ammunition during the counterattack Russia, Reality.
During this war, the United States and Western allies in the United States and Kiev provided various models of missile systems to Ukraine, the most prominent of which were Hemamas and Patriots.
In this context, Ukraine Minister of Defense Lezonikov said that a league composed of 11 countries has been established to train the Ukrainian Air Force to use the US F-16 fighter.
On the other hand, Ukrainian Ambassador to the UK Prince Takko announced that a total of 20 Ukrainian pilots will begin operation training in the UK at the end of July this year or early August next year.
Prosteco added that more than 30,000 Ukrainian soldiers and officers will receive military training in the UK this year.
 During the war, Ukraine asked Western allies to provide them with a modern F-16 fighter(Gaidi image)Ukraine announced at the end of June this year that it may start receiving the US F-16 fighter jets by the end of this year to solve some of its so-called technical problems.
The United States has stated that it agrees to allow other countries to deliver the F-16 fighter to Ukraine. The United States and some European countries have agreed to operate the U.S. fighter training for the Ukrainian pilots.
Through other countries, these aircraft must be approved by the United States in advance, especially the US State Department's permission to protect the US military technology.

In the context of issuing statements and threats between Moscow and Kiev, the front of the eastern and southern regions of Ukraine broke out. In the second month of the counterattack launched by Ukraine to regain territory, the Ukrainian army continued to try to break through Russia's military defense line.
On the other hand, the Russian army tried to repel multiple attacks in Ukraine, especially in the Zapolo region in the south.
According to the Ukrainian military, the Russian army used suicide drones to launch a large -scale attack on Kiev, Ukraine's capital Kiev, and the northern and southern cities in the country.
The Kiev Military Authority said on the early morning of the 12th that its air defense forces are intercepting suicide drones against the Ukraine capital and its suburbs.
The Ukrainian Air Force announced that its defense system shot 26 of the 28 Iranian Shahd drones launched on the 11th.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/7/12/%e7%be%8e%e5%9b%bd%e8%80%83%e8%99%91%e5%90%91%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%8f%90%e4%be%9b%e5%88%b6%e5%af%bc%e5%af%bc%e5%bc%b9%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%ae%98%e5%91%98%e8%ad%a6%e5%91%8a%e7%ac%ac 
Strive to enter the alliance Zeroski: Ukraine will make NATO stronger 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T04:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T04:20:03+00:00
Description: (AFP, Vilnius, 11th) Ukrainian President Zerorensky today held a summit at the Summit in Lithuania, a member of the North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO), to promote the NATO It is called "Ukraine will make NATO stronger."
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Volodymyr Zlenskyy stood beside Lithian President Gitanasnauseda and said, "NATO will bring security to Ukraine, and Ukraine will make NATO stronger."
The Ukrainian army said earlier that counterattacks in the Bakhmut region in Udong had made progress. Bacht was known for its salt ore and bubble wine, but was almost razed to the ground during the Russian and Ukraine War. It was the oldest and bloody battle in the war in the entire war.
"Bachst's battle is one of the most decisive campaigns in Europe to fight for freedom, and our children and grandchildren will remember it."
Zerrence had said that he did not expect Ukraine to join NATO before the end of the Russia -Ukraine War, but he was still preparing to promote NATO member states to set a clear timetable for Ukraine's joining the alliance.
He said, "Today, I will come here with faith ... I hope NATO will not hesitate or waste time."
He also said, "I hope that this belief can be transformed into confidence and confidence in the solution we should have."
In the Eastern European member of Ukraine and NATO, only the Ukraine was placed under the collective defense and protective umbrella of NATO can Russia.
NATO stated in 2008 that Ukraine always joined one day, but did not bind the schedule at the time; now the United States, Germany and other powers have always been cautious about further development.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E5%8A%9B%E6%B1%82%E5%85%A5%E7%9B%9F-%E6%B3%BD%E4%BC%A6%E6%96%AF%E5%9F%BA-%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E5%B0%86%E8%AE%A9%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E6%9B%B4%E5%BC%BA%E5%A4%A7 
Can the U.S. Pingquanity Judgment end the policy of fighting father in the admission of prestigious schools? (Free version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-12T04:52:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T19:20:99+08:00
Description: Liu Zongkun: This judgment terminates the practice of racial status as a racial status, which is expected to benefit all races by equal rights. Under the current law, as long as the money is admitted to the relationship, it is not illegal to be linked to the race.
Images: [" 000187231_pic... "]
Themes: ['教育', '关注']
Keywords: ['教育', '美国', '平权法案', '大学', '高等教育', '阶层']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
The US Supreme Court made a major judgment at a time, as if throwing a bomb from the bunker, causing a masterpiece of gunfire in all directions. It is often necessary to let the bullets fly for a while to see which ones hit the targets, which are missed, which are wrong, and even put the guns in the sky. After the "Student's Fair Admission Organization Organization for Harvard Cases", the scene where the bullets were fluttered. As soon as the sentence was sentenced, large and small media reported immediately, saying that "the court has overturned equal rights measures." All kinds of comments are flying, and those who support the judgment cheer and defeat the discrimination fairly. A few hours later, President Biden said on TV that "this court is abnormal."
After a few days of bullets, people can calm down, carefully read what the judgment is written, which policies have been denyed, and which new policies have created space -the judgment of the Supreme Court is often not only negative. The old policy is denied, but the problems in reality still exist and must be replaced by new policies. The "Judgment" of this case plus the approval and opposition from several judges, as long as 237 pages. It is worth noting that, unlike the previously Supreme Court's judgment of Affirmative measures, the "Judgment" written by the chief judges of Johnroberts does not mention "equal rights measures", but it is said that Harvard's "racial conscious admission policy" The equal protection clause that violates the 14th amendment of the Constitution is because it treats candidates according to race identity. The "Judgment" did not clearly overthrow the previous judgments that supported equal rights. Instead, the Supreme Court has never allowed schools to treat candidates according to racial identity.
In order to avoid understanding the deviation, the "Judgment" even specifically pointed out: "You should never interpret this judgment as a prohibition of the university's considering how the ethnic group that the applicant said to affect his/her life, good discrimination, inspirational, or even other, all belong to them, all belong to them, all belong to them, all belong to them, all belong to them. Life experience ... Take racial discrimination as an example. If a student must benefit from it, he must closely close the courage and determination of the student himself. " Candidates' racial factors are completely excluded, but they cannot use racial identity alone as an indicator that separates from the student's personal experience. In other words, this judgment requires that the university must see the racial identity through the personal experience of each student, and it must vary from individuals, rather than simply and rudely determine the choice according to the racial identity. Interpreting this judgment as "overthrowing equal rights" is obviously suspected of simplified.
The original intention of implementing equal rights was to pursue equality and fairness. This case showed a wider social, political and economic demands more extensive than racial rights from beginning to end. Although the direct law of the lawsuit is that Harvard takes care of African candidates during the admission, the evidence submitted by the plaintiff shows that Harvard's biggest unfairness in admission is not in terms of racial identity, but a large number of preferential second -generation rich second generation and the second generation of the school. This type of discount only accounts for 5%of the total number of Harvard candidates, but it accounts for more than 30%of the admitted new students. If candidates are the gold master of Harvard, the opportunity to be admitted is 7 times higher than ordinary candidates; if the parents are alumni of Harvard, the opportunity to be admitted is 6 times that of ordinary candidates. Moreover, 70%of the new students admitted through such preferential policies are white, accounting for 43%of all white new students. Obviously, this policy not only greatly reduces the admission opportunities of minority candidates, but also greatly reduces the admission opportunities of ordinary white families and poor families.
During the Supreme Court's argument, the plaintiff aimed at Harvard's preferential student policy in the opening white, saying that the Supreme Court asked the university to adopt a fair admission plan for racial neutrality 20 years ago. After the prosecution, I started to make some attitude of taking care of the candidates for poor families, but the specific measures did not hurt or itchy. The symbol of significance was greater than the actual effect: "82%of Harvard students are rich children, and the proportion of rich students and poor students is 23 to 1 . It is not diversified at all. "Harvard's lawyer argued that the donation was in line with the legitimate interests of the school. Gorgach, considered conservative(Neil Gorsuch)The judge asked: "Does Harvard donate to build an art museum than the interests of the Constitution's equal protection of the Constitution?" Harvard's lawyer was asked to vomit and speak unparalleled.
In the context of the equal protection of the Constitution, lawyers to defend Harvard's policy admitted by Harvard and the ribbon relationship, which is obviously an irreplaceable mission. In the opinion of the solo agreed judgment, Judge Gosach wrote in a sharp language: "The policies of the discount gold master, alumni, and children's children can brag with those who cannot take their parents' wealth, and there is no condition to enter the alumni meeting tent. Candidates are not helpful. Although on the surface, such preferential policies are also racial, but the most benefit is undoubtedly white -rich candidates. "Social public opinion has further, and the targets of criticism are the second -generation and rich second generation and rich second -generation and rich second -generation. The second generation of the study extended to the second -generation official, and remembered that President Bush's old Geng Bush was mediocre but was admitted to Yale by his father. He even questioned whether President Kennedy rely on family relationships to enter Harvard. The author who has a good thing even turned out of Kennedy's application letter. He wrote a major reason to apply for Harvard in the letter: "I want to go to the same university with my father."
The unfairness of American society is reflected in different social issues in different eras, and has different effects on various social groups. This verdict terminates the practice of the heroic status as a racial identity in the university's admission. At the same time, it is also expected to make the equal-scale social-economic disadvantaged class that benefits all races. However, the prohibition of taking care of minority ethnic groups in admission has become a reality, but the policy of canceling the relationship between the preferential gold master and the tape in the admission is generally just a vision. Under the current law, the school is admitted to money and admission according to the relationship. It is the same as that of the test scores. As long as it is not directly linked to the student's ethnic identity, it is not illegal. So far, only a few private universities such as MIT, John Hopkins have canceled the policy of preferential second -generation and the second generation of the university. Only one state legislation in Colorado has banned state universities from implementing similar policies.
If the federal government is willing and determined to change the unfair status of the admission of prestigious schools, there is enough carrots and sticks in their hands, and it can be made in the existing legal framework. Private and state universities in the United States receive a large amount of funds from the federal government every year, and the share of famous universities has the largest share. Taking Harvard as an example, the scientific research funds received in 2019 exceeded $ 800 million, of which 70%came from the federal government. According to US law, the federal government can set up additional conditions for schools using federal expenses. For example, schools are required to take "equal rights measures" to students of social-economic disadvantaged families during admission, as the federal government did in the 1960s. At that time, the request was not to discriminate against minority ethnic groups. After the Supreme Court made the above -mentioned judgment, the federal government had sufficient reasons to require universities to not discriminate against candidates from ordinary families and poor families during admission.Note: This article only represents the author's personal point of view. The author recently published the book "Pursuit of Happiness".
Editor of this article Xu Jin jin.xu@ftchinese.com 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100213 
Anti -fake falling and increasing challenge opportunities NBA new rules pass through 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T05:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T04:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New York, 11th) The US professional basketball NBA announced that the proposal to punish leave and increase challenge opportunities has been approved by the owners of various teams.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The NBA consists of players, coaches, referees, team owners, team seniors, and the National Basketball Association (NBPA). Will propose two Reform and approval.
One of the new rules is about fake falls, and this rule has been tried in the summer league. The detailed content is that if a player makes a "fake fall" action that deliberately allows the referee to blow a foul, it will be blown up with technical fouls, and the opponent can get a free throw.
However, the technical fouls blown by fake falls will not be accumulated in 6 individual fouls that have led to a single leaving the field in advance.
The referees have the right to blew the technical fouls of the fake falls at the same time and other fouls.
The NBA will also continue to check the false fall after the game. Those who are sentenced to fouls for fake falls will have a fine of US $ 2,000, and the amount of fines of repeated criminals will also increase.
If the coach's challenge is successful, the team will allow the team to get the second challenge.
The team must shout for a suspension to challenge. If it is not available to use it, then the right to challenge.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230712-%E9%98%B2%E5%81%87%E6%91%94%E4%B8%8E%E5%A2%9E%E5%8A%A0%E6%8C%91%E6%88%98%E6%9C%BA%E4%BC%9A-nba%E6%96%B0%E8%A7%84%E5%88%99%E9%80%9A%E8%BF%87 
NATO has reason to celebrate success 
Creator: GREY ANDERSON,THOMAS MEANEY
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-12T05:09:21+08:00
Description: Instead of split Europe, Russia's actions have instead of giving NATO's purpose of defending Europe. As the most successful league in history, NATO has sufficient reasons to celebrate success. Virginia Mayo/Associated Press
Images: [" pkcw-master10... "]
Category: 观点与评论
Type: Article
 NATO national leaders who held a meeting in Lithuania this week have sufficient reasons to celebrate success.
Just four years ago, on the eve of another summit, the organization seemed to be at a low tide; using French President Macron at the time, it was in " brain death "Status. Since the invasion of Ukraine in Russia, the situation has changed. As the NATO plan welcomes Sweden's joining (Finland has become a formal member in April this year,(https://www.nytimes.com/2023/04/04/world/europe/finland-nato-russia-ukraine.html)) And sending the army to strengthen the East Wing, the EU allies have finally fulfilled their commitments to increase military expenditure that have been delayed. Public media Followed by. If Russia sought to split Europe, then President Biden could announce it rationally last spring that Russia's actions instead completely made the European continent " NATO "".
This transformation naturally revives the supporters of NATO. NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg's main statement- "NATO's power is the best tool for our maintenance peace and security" -the never so many loyal fans. Even those who have a criticism of the organization (such as the people of the Huagong faction, they believe that NATO is not enough to pay attention to the true threat of East Asia; such as the restraint in the United States, they hope that Washington will re -pay attention to diplomatic solutions and domestic issues).) The main purpose of NATO is to defend Europe.
But NATO has not been based on gathering military forces from the beginning. In the peak of the Cold War NATO has deployed 100 divisions, which is only a small part of the Huayo soldiers. It is impossible to expect it to repel the invasion of the Soviet Union, and even the nuclear weapons of the European continent are under the control of Washington. On the contrary, its plan is to bind the more magnificent projects dominated by Western Europe and the United States. Under this project, the protection of the United States as a leverage, which allows the United States to obtain other issues such as trade and monetary policy. concession. It turns out that this mission in NATO is very successful.
advertise
Many observers predict that after its collapse of its cold war opponents, NATO will be closed. But in ten years after 1989, the organization played a real role. It serves as EU's rating agencies in Eastern Europe and announces the security of countries in development and investment. The organization promotes potential partners to adhere to liberality and support the market, just as President Clinton's National Security Counselor As mentioned, in accordance with the creed, "pursuing democracy and expanding the free market" and "promoting collective security" are along handling. European military professionals and elites with reform ideas have formed a voluntary supporter group, and NATO information institutions have promoted their activities.
When the European people are proved to be too stubborn or affected by the adverseity of socialist or nationalist emotions, the Atlantic integration continues. The Czech Republic is a good example. 1997 In the face of the NATO's referendum, in the face of possible "opposition" votes, NATO Secretary -General and senior NATO senior officials decided to let the Prague government simply cancel the referee; the country joined NATO two years later. After entering the new century, the focus of NATO's work has changed steadily. At the same time as the Global War, the "Big Bang" expansion in 2004 -seven countries added NATO -in NATO's wording, counter -terrorism replaced democracy and human rights. What is still unchanged is the emphasis on the necessity of liberalization and the reform of the public sector.
In the field of defense, NATO is not as promoting. For decades, the United States has been the main provider of weapons, logistics, air bases and combat plans. In the Ukrainian war, although people are talking about Europe to strengthen intervention, the asymmetry of the United States and Europe has basically remained unchanged. Obviously, the scale of US military assistance -in the first year of the conflict, it reached $ 47 billion ——It is more than twice the total assistance of the EU countries. European expenditure commitments may not be as impressive as it looks like. The German government announced the establishment of [$ 110 billion Special Fund] for its armed forces(https://www.bundesregierung.de/breg-en/news/special-fund-federal-armed-forces-2047910)After more than a year, Most of the money Nothing has not been spent. At the same time, the German military commander said that they lacked enough ammunition and could not play high -intensity battles for more than two days.However, this paradox is only superficial. In fact, NATO is in accordance with Post -War U.S. Planner The design method has enabled Europe to be dependent on the power of the United States and compress its exhibition space. NATO is by no means an expensive charitable plan, but to ensure the influence of the United States in Europe at a low cost. The United States' investment in NATO and other security aid projects in Europe only accounts for a small part of the Pentagon's annual budget -according to recent estimates, less than 6% Essence The current war will only enhance the influence of the United States. Before Russia invaded Ukraine, European military expenditure [about half] about half Flowing to American manufacturers. This trend has intensified due to surge in demand. Buyers are anxious to buy tanks, fighters and other weapon systems to sign expensive multi -year contracts. Europe may be re -military, but the United States is enjoying its success.
This model is obvious in Ukraine. Washington will provide military security. American companies will benefit from a large number of military orders in Europe, and Europeans will bear the cost of post -war reconstruction -compared to military power construction, this is a more capable task in Germany. This war is also a preview of the US -China confrontation, and it cannot be easily expected to be at the support of Europe. Restricting Beijing's strategic technology and promoting the development of the United States is almost not a priority in Europe, and it is still difficult to imagine that cutting off the European -China trade. However, there have been signs that NATO is progressing in terms of allowing Europe to follow it in the European Theater leadership. On the eve of the visit to Washington at the end of June, the German Defense Minister was timely point out that he knows To "Europe's responsibility to the Indo -Pacific region" and the importance of "rules -based international order" in the South China Sea.
advertise
Regardless of its advantages, Atlanticists are worried that false information and network intervention will destroy support for the organization. They don't have to worry. NATO has been controversial throughout the Cold War. It was still a controversial topic until the 1990s. At that time, the disappearance of the opponents inspired people's thinking about the new European security structure. Today, there are fewer voices than ever.
Most of the European left -wing parties, which have always criticized militarism and American strength, have joined the ranks of defending the West: the trajectory of the German Green Party is a particularly vivid example. The party was once a fierce opponent of nuclear weapons. War risk. In the United States, the criticism of NATO is concentrated on the risk of over -expanding the obligations of the US treaty, rather than the rationality of this. This is the most successful alliance in history. Ceremony is gathered to celebrate themselves. There is no need to wait for champagne to wait until the 75th anniversary of the establishment of next year.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/opinion/20230712/nato-summit-vilnius-europe/ 
Microsoft said that the US government agencies were invaded by Chinese hackers 
Creator: 《纽约时报》
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-12T05:11:55+08:00
Description: Microsoft said hackers have obtained the access authority of government email accounts, but it has not stated that the specific organizations and institutions are affected. When the Biden government sought to ease Sino -US relations, the new invasion could lead to further tension between the relationship between the two parties. Andy Wong/Associated Press Microsoft said the Chinese hacker organization has obtained access to the email account since May and was not discovered until June.
Images: [" 11dc-china-ha... "]
Category: 美国
Type: Article
 Microsoft disclosed on Tuesday evening that Chinese hackers intending to collect American intelligence have obtained access to government email accounts.
According to a person who understands the government's network invasion, this attack is targeted. Hackers are targeted at specific accounts instead of obtaining a large range of data invasion that will obtain a large amount of data. Adam Hodch, a spokesman for the White House National Security Council, said that there was no confidential network affected. The assessment of the amount of information obtained is still continuing.
Microsoft said that about 25 organizations (including government agencies) were attacked by the hacker organization, and the organization used forgery authentication tools to access personal email accounts. Microsoft said that hackers have obtained at least some of the account entry permissions at least a month before they were discovered. Microsoft did not disclose affected organizations and institutions.
The complexity of this attack and its targetedness show that the Chinese hacker organization is either part of the Beijing intelligence department or working for it. "According to our evaluation, opponents are mainly engaged in spy activities, such as entering the email system to collect information," Microsoft Executive Vice President Charlie Bell(CharlieBell)Written in a blog post.
The new invasion seems to be different from the recently known biggest invasion, Russia's penetration of government computers (known as the Solarwinds Hacker event) in 2019 and 2020. Microsoft managers said that the number of e -mail accounts involved in the new invasion is much less and does not penetrate the target system.
Hackers did not seem to enter the secret network. Nevertheless, hackers can access government emails a month before being discovered, which may let them understand the useful information about the Chinese government and their intelligence departments.
Even when the Bayeng government seeks to cool the tension between the United States and China, the invasion may further lead to tight relations between the two countries. Due to several incidents such as Chinese spy balls flying over the United States, the tension has deteriorated in recent months.
The outside world does not have enough criticism in deterrent Chinese spy activities, and this incident will also exacerbate related criticism. Former spokesman of the Trump administration, the former spokesman of the National Intelligence Director of the Trump, said that because President Bayeng did not try to influence the recent election behavior and confrontation, China became more bold.
"We have to take action how many hackers we have to endure," we must conduct serious discussions, "Sims said.
In the blog post, Bell stated that the person who was under the hacker had received notifications and the company had completed the effort to reduce the consequences of this attack.
Microsoft said that on June 16, the information reported to them prompted them to pay attention to the invasion and the damage caused. The company's blog post says that Chinese hackers have obtained access to email accounts a month ago, that is, May 15th.
Microsoft did not disclose how many accounts that Chinese hackers might have invaded, nor did they disclose whether the information was stolen.
Over the years, Beijing has implemented a series of hackers and successfully stole a large amount of government data. In 2015, a data leakage of a hacker implemented by a foreign spy agency affiliated to China stole a large number of records from the Personnel Administration.
In the Solarwinds hacker incident during Trump's administration, Russian intelligence agencies used software vulnerabilities to enter thousands of computer systems, including many government agencies. That hacker attack was named after the network management software used by Russian intelligence agencies to invade computers around the world.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/usa/20230712/china-hack-us-government-microsoft/ 
Lake in Canada silently records history or proves a new era of the earth 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T05:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T05:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Melton, Canada, 11th) The sediments contained in the small and deep Crawford Lake in Ontario, Canada, have been identified by the scientific team to provide evidence today, which proves that the earth was about 70 years ago. The influence of human activities has entered a new geological chapter: Anthropocene.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Professor Brock University Professor Francinemcarthy, Professor of Brock University, explained that the lake is "deep but not very large", which means that the lake water will not be mixed to the bottom. " The sediments will not be disturbed. "
Among the core inspection of the sedimentary material sedimentary of the Crowfu Lake, the fly ash caused by plastic particles and burning oil and coal, and the nuclear bomb test explosion residue was also found. "Anthropocene Workinggroup (AWG), therefore, it is believed that this lake is the best single" treasure library "that proves that the history of the earth has begun a new and challenging chapter.
Andycundy, a member of the work group and professor of the University of Southampton, said: "These data show that from the beginning of the middle of the 20th century, a significant change has taken off, and the earth system has taken away the normal range of" Holocene "." The so -called brand -new Beginning in 1700 years was the period when the last glaciers ended.
Simon Turner, chairman of the work group and professor of the University of London, said: "The sediment found at the bottom of the lake of Lake Klaufu has provided a delicate record for environmental changes in the past thousands of years."
These changes are currently staged: last week is the hottest week since the world's record; out of control forest wildfires have been raging in Canada for many months; the United States and China are at the same time to respond to high temperatures, floods and droughts that they have never seen before.
At the same time, the concentration of global warmers has increased by half of the global warmers.
In recent weeks, the temperature of the sea level has reached a new high. Last month, the area of the Antarctic sea ice was 17%less than the previous June historic low.
The International Strangers (ICS) authorized the geologist team to evaluate the evidence of the human world in 2009. According to the provisions of this committee, from the new world to the human world, there must be a synchronized "main mark" to define a "dividing point", and the geological traces left by this mark must be Essence
Kangdi explained that for the human world, the elements of the eunuch released by the hydrogen bomb test in the 1950s provided the "global characteristics" required by the above provisions.
He said that in 1952, the year when the United States tried to explode the world's first hydrogen bomb in the Marshall Islands, it may become a critical annual score for the earth to enter the human world.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230712-%E5%8A%A0%E6%8B%BF%E5%A4%A7%E6%B9%96%E6%B3%8A%E9%BB%98%E9%BB%98%E8%AE%B0%E5%BD%95%E5%8E%86%E5%8F%B2-%E6%88%96%E5%8F%AF%E8%AF%81%E6%98%8E%E5%9C%B0%E7%90%83%E6%96%B0%E7%BA%AA%E5%85%83 
Is China falling into the "decline of balance sheets"? (Free version) 
Author: Jacky Wong
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T05:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T05:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T02:42:00.000Z
Description: More and more warning signals show that if we do not significantly increase financial stimulus, the Chinese economy may face the slow recovery of American -style after the financial crisis in 2008.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001044444
Type: Article
The Chinese real estate market is weak again. This is worrying for China's economic growth, but it is also worrying that this may be just a sign of more serious and difficult problems.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%B7%E5%85%A5-%E8%B5%84%E4%BA%A7%E8%B4%9F%E5%80%BA%E8%A1%A8%E8%A1%B0%E9%80%80-%E4%BA%86%E5%90%97-d36d26d4 
Joining Miami International Messi with his family to the United States 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T06:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T05:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Laude Fort, 11th) Argentine football superstar Lionel MESSI arrived in Florida, USA today. Next, he will join the US Professional Football League (MLS) Miami International Team (Inter ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 From the Argentine TV screen, it can be seen that a private jet landed at a small administrative airport next to Miami International team at the home of Miami International, Fortlauderdale, and Messi and his family stepped off the plane.
The World Cup champion is expected to sign a two -and -a -half -year contract, which is reported that the annual salary of 60 million US dollars (about NT $ 1.9 billion) has reportedly appeared in front of the fans on the 16th.
Messi said on Llave A La Eternidad, Argentina TV, which was broadcast today, said: "We are happy to make the decision, we are ready and look forward to facing new challenges and changes."
He added: "My mentality and ideas will not change. No matter where I am, I will do my best to show my best performance for myself and the new team."
Messi is the most famous star in the United States Professional Football League so far. It has also developed the greatest player in the United States since the New Yorkcosmos of Brazil.
The American Professional Football League is looking forward to the significant enhancement of Messi and the number of live subscriptions on the Apple TV. The fare that Messi may play the game has skyrocketed.
Before the Messi plane landed, fans gathered at the DRV PNK Stadium at home at the home of the Miami International Team.
The 42 -year -old fan, Ji, said that when he learned that the Argentine star was about to come to Miami, he established the fan group MESSIAS305. In the past, he had not seen the American Professional Football League, but said that he would not miss any Miami game in the future. He added: "For us, Messi's arrival represents everything, and his place always has an incredible happiness." (Intern compilation: Wu Guanwei)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230712-%E5%8A%A0%E7%9B%9F%E8%BF%88%E9%98%BF%E5%AF%86%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85-%E6%A2%85%E8%A5%BF%E6%90%BA%E5%AE%B6%E4%BA%BA%E6%8A%B5%E7%BE%8E 
Two meals in Yelun Beijing's trip are very different in China (Free Version) 
Author: Shen Lu
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T06:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T06:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T02:39:00.000Z
Description: U.S. Treasury Minister Yellen recently attended two meals during his recent visit to Beijing. From the very different response caused by these two meals, it is possible to get a glimpse of what challenges the United States faces when trying to repair the cracks of US -China relations.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001045715
Type: Article
US Finance Minister Yellen(Janet Yellen) Recent visit to Beijing During the period, two meals were attended. From the very different response caused by these two meals, it is possible to get a glimpse of what challenges the United States faces when trying to repair the cracks of US -China relations.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%80%B6%E4%BC%A6%E5%8C%97%E4%BA%AC%E4%B9%8B%E8%A1%8C%E7%9A%84%E4%B8%A4%E5%9C%BA%E9%A5%AD%E5%B1%80-%E5%AF%B9%E5%8D%8E%E6%8E%A5%E8%A7%A6%E6%9C%89%E8%8B%A6%E6%9C%89%E7%94%9C-ea148e7c 
British officials intervened in eight investment transactions in China in the past year 
Authors: ['迈克尔•奥德怀尔']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-12T06:25:16+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T02:20:99+08:00
Description: According to data from the British Cabinet Office, British officials have used national security power to interfere with 15 transactions in the past year, 8 of which involve investment related to China.
Images: [" 000187252_pic... "]
Themes: ['国家安全', '关注']
Keywords: ['国家安全', '保护主义', '贸易', '中英关系', '英国政治', '对外投资']
Type: Article
 In the past year, the ministers of the British ministries have used national security power to interfere with eight transactions involving Chinese capital investment in British companies, highlighting their concerns about Beijing's influence in important industries.
British Cabinet Office(CabinetOffice)According to the data released on Tuesday, in the year as of March 31, 2023, 866 transactions were based on the National Security and Investment Law(NSI)Submit the government.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100222 
India for the second time the unmanned moon landing mission is scheduled to launch the rocket 7/14 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T06:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T06:20:03+00:00
Description: (France -France -France -France -France -France, Bandolle, 12th) India is scheduled to launch rockets on July 14, and once again challenged the unmanned moon landing mission that failed 4 years ago. If the moon landing boat landed smoothly, India will become the fourth country in the world after Russia, the United States, and China.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In July 2019, India challenged the lunar moon with the "CHANDRAYAAN-2" (CHANDRAYAAN-2), but the moon lander crashed the moon watch, and the task ended in failure.
Some people are optimistic that this task will be successful in the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO).
"We are convinced that this mission will be successful and bring pride and recognition to all the tasks of the task."
According to media reports, this 14 -day task costs $ 74.6 million, the goal is to allow the moon landing car to smoothly land to explore the surface of the moon.
Since the first time the detector was sent to the moon orbit in 2008, India's space programs have grown significantly in scale and momentum. In 2014, India led other Asian countries and took the lead in sending satellites into the orbit surrounding Mars; three years later, the Indian Space Research Organization launched 104 satellites in a single task.
The Rockets are expected to watch this time. The task is scheduled to be scheduled to be at 2:35 pm local time on the 14th (5:5 pm in Taiwan time) at the Satishdhawan Space Center north of Chennai. Expand.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230712-%E5%8D%B0%E5%BA%A6%E7%AC%AC2%E6%AC%A1%E6%8C%91%E6%88%98%E6%97%A0%E4%BA%BA%E7%99%BB%E6%9C%88%E4%BB%BB%E5%8A%A1-%E9%A2%84%E5%AE%9A7-14%E5%8F%91%E5%B0%84%E7%81%AB%E7%AE%AD 
NATO refuses to send an in -depth invitation to Ukraine and anger Zellelki 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-12T06:38:23
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T06:38:23
Description: NATO leaders said that Ukraine should be able to join the military alliance in the future, but they did not immediately issue an invitation or set a time watch to Ukraine, which angered Ukraine President Zeelianzki.
Images: [" 33NN7ND-highr... ", " INTERACTIVE-E... ", " INTERACTIVE-N... ", " 2023-07-11T12... ", " image-1-16891... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 On July 11, 2023, Ukrainian President Zelezzki delivered a speech to the crowd at the Plaza of Verukisco(French media)NATO leaders said that Ukraine should be able to join the military alliance in the future, but they did not immediately issue an invitation or set a time watch to Ukraine, which angered Ukraine President Zeelianzki.
On July 11, local time, the leaders of 31 member states in NATO held a two -day summit in Vernis, the capital of Lithuania. At the same time, the Ukrainian army was working hard to obtain significantly in the counterattack of the Russian army in some areas of the country. progress.
NATO leaders stated in a statement that "the future of Ukraine is in NATO, but they did not provide a specific timetable for this process.
The statement pointed out that "when the allies agree and the conditions are met, we will be able to issue an invitation to Ukraine to join the alliance." However, the statement did not specify these conditions.
NATO did give up the requirements of Ukraine's performance of the so -called member action plan, thereby effectively eliminating the obstacles to Ukraine's joining the military alliance.
 What countries does the European Union and NATO include? A total of 22 countries are both member of the European Union and a member of NATO. There are only 5 countries that are only member of the EU, not a member of NATO; and 9 countries are only NATO member states, not EU member states(Peninsula TV Station)However, Zessky failed to refer to the current commitment of the country's identity in the future in the future, and this will be a heavy blow for Zellezzki. Before meeting the leaders of NATO, Zelei went to the crowded urban square in Vilnius to speak to a group of Lithuanian supporters.
Before Zediski arrived, he criticized NATO leaders on Twitter.
He wrote: "Whether it is invitation to Ukraine or obtaining the qualifications of member states, it has not introduced a certain timetable. This is unprecedented and ridiculous."
A reporter from Peninsula reported that although NATO's support for Ukraine was "unwavering and no doubt", the results of the NATO Summit on the first day of the NATO Summit were not what Kiev wanted to see.
The reporter reported from Vilnex, "They have been promised to be invited to enter the league in the future, but the conditions that need to be met have not yet been fully clarified, and it is important that there is no timetable for all this."
The reporter pointed out that Zelei Sky has lobby the leaders of the summit and hopes that they will immediately issue an invitation, even if it depends on whether the war will end.
The reporter added that "he said that although he trusts the NATO, he may not be confident and believes that any form of uncertainty will be interpreted by Russia as weak."
 The history and expansion of NATO NATO NATO are the most powerful military alliances in the world. There are currently 31 member states. Russia opposes NATO military deployment near its border(Peninsula TV Station)
major and direct threat 
NATO's position highlights the differences in the issue of its 31 member states in Ukraine's alliance or directly inviting Ukraine to enter the alliance. As early as Russia launched special military operations on Ukraine in February 2022, Kiev has been promoting the rapidly joining NATO on the basis of security guarantee.
NATO member states in Eastern Europe supported Ukraine's appeal and believed that Ukraine under the security umbrella of NATO is the best way to prevent Russia from attacking again.
The United States and Germany have always been more cautious and are worried that any act may cause direct conflict between NATO and Russia.
NATO statement stated that "we reiterate our unswerving support of the Ukrainian government and their people, and they bravely defend their countries, land and our common values."
This statement stated to Moscow with a tough wording, "the peace and stability of the Russian Federation to the security of the allies and the peace and stability of the European-Atlantic region constitute the most significant and direct threat."
When asked about the criticism of Zelei, NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg stated at a press conference that "NATO has never sent a stronger information, whether in terms of political information about the road to enter the alliance. , Still in the specific support of NATO member states. "
He also said that there was no additional schedule that had previously joined NATO. "They have always been based on specific conditions."
 On July 11, 2023, the leaders of NATO member states took a group photo at the NATO Summit held at Vernus in Lithuania. From the left in the front row: NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg, US President Joe Bayeng, British Prime Minister Rich Sunak; from the left: Mizetakis; from the third row: Polish President Anders Dada, Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa, Romanian President Klaus Johnis(Reuters)
to increase military support 
In view of the desire of Zeelianzki's hope of entering the alliance, Western officials emphasized that there will be a broader -share support proposal to make Ukraine have a military advantage relative to the Russian army.
German Prime Minister Schultz said that the Seventh Kingdom Group will issue a long -term support statement, and once "realize peace", it will start immediately. It is expected that this will be announced after the NATO Summit will be announced on the 12th.
Recently, Germany promised to provide more than $ 771 million (about 700 million euros) military assistance to Cyrania.
The new assistance includes the launch system of the two patriot missile systems, the other 40 weasel infantry chariots and 25 "Leopard 1" tanks.
French President Macron said that France will provide a long -range "storm shadow" cruise missile with Britain so that Ukraine can strike the Russian goal deep in the front line.
Denmark and the Netherlands stated that an alliance consisting of 11 countries will start training Ukraine pilots to drive F-16 fighters next month and will set up a new training center in Romania.
The NATO Summit also received the prospects of Sweden as the prospect of its latest member states. Previously, Turkish President Erdogan suddenly gave up his position against Sweden's alliance this Monday, and also promoted the restoration of Turkey's negotiations to join the European Union. Essence
 Why does Türkiye change its position to join the NATO in Sweden?(Peninsula TV Station)
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Maria Zaharava told a reporter from Peninsula that NATO member states were only reached an agreement on the issue of Ukraine's unable to join the military alliance.
"You can see here that NATO decides not to be included in Ukraine. What kind of support do we discuss? This means that when Ukraine seek help, NATO member states have pulled it into the Western world. But they abandoned them. Ukraine, let it down. "
"They invited Finland and Sweden, but they did not invite Ukraine. Why? This is a question that all TV channels should be raised -why not?"
Russia used NATO East Expansion as a factor to attack Ukraine and criticized the NATO summit. It also warned that if the war was upgraded, Europe would first face the "catastrophic consequences."
The Kremlin spokesman Dimitri Peskov said, "The issue of Ukraine's joining NATO may be quite dangerous to European security ... Therefore, those who will make decisions must realize this."
He also said that European leaders did not seem to understand that it was a mistake to move NATO's military infrastructure to the Russian border.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/7/12/%e5%8c%97%e7%ba%a6%e6%8b%92%e7%bb%9d%e5%90%91%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e5%8f%91%e5%87%ba%e5%85%a5%e7%9b%9f%e9%82%80%e8%af%b7%e8%80%8c%e6%bf%80%e6%80%92%e6%b3%bd%e8%bf%9e%e6%96%af%e5%9f%ba 
After the historic interest rate hike, some people in Wall Street expect the policy will be tightened (Free Version) 
Author: Matt Grossman
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T06:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T06:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T05:20:00.000Z
Description: The Federal Reserve raised interest rates at the fastest speed since the 1980s. Some people on Wall Street believe that there are more ways to go.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001043116
Type: Article
The Federal Reserve (referred to as the Federal Reserve) raised interest rates at the fastest speed since the 1980s. Some people on Wall Street believe that there are more ways to go.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%8E%86%E5%8F%B2%E6%80%A7%E5%8A%A0%E6%81%AF%E5%90%8E-%E5%8D%8E%E5%B0%94%E8%A1%97%E9%83%A8%E5%88%86%E4%BA%BA%E5%A3%AB%E9%A2%84%E6%9C%9F%E6%94%BF%E7%AD%96%E8%BF%98%E4%BC%9A%E6%94%B6%E7%B4%A7-57d1dc25 
On the AI chip track, Nvidia ushered in the challenger (Free Version) 
Author: Asa Fitch / Jiyoung Sohn
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T06:47:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T06:47:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T03:51:00.000Z
Description: Nvidia has become the leader of the early AI revolution, but large and small competitors have been catching up.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001041378
Type: Article
Nvidia(NVIDIA, NVDA) Has become a leader in the early AI revolution , But big and small competitors are already catching up.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/ai%E8%8A%AF%E7%89%87%E8%B5%9B%E9%81%93%E4%B8%8A%E8%8B%B1%E4%BC%9F%E8%BE%BE%E8%BF%8E%E6%9D%A5%E6%8C%91%E6%88%98%E8%80%85-5ff391b9 
India's chip joint venture for Foxconn and Vedanta to terminate due to "internal problems" 
Author: Tripti Lahiri / Yang Jie
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T06:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T06:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T22:15:00.000Z
Description: Indian officials said the incident would not affect India's semiconductor plan. Foxconn said it is actively looking for new partners.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001045694
Type: Article
Minister of Electronics and Information Technology Ashvini Vishau(Ashwini Vaishnaw)Said that Taiwan electronic product manufacturer Foxconn Technology Group(Foxconn Technology Group)A semiconductor joint venture worth tens of billions of dollars between the Indian resource giant Vedanta terminated due to "internal problems" Essence He also expressed confidence in India's plan to occupy a place in the global semiconductor supply chain.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%AF%8C%E5%A3%AB%E5%BA%B7%E5%B0%86%E4%B8%BA%E5%8D%B0%E5%BA%A6%E8%8A%AF%E7%89%87%E4%B8%9A%E5%8A%A1%E5%AF%BB%E6%89%BE%E6%96%B0%E5%90%88%E4%BD%9C%E4%BC%99%E4%BC%B4-6b1df054 
NATO Bulletin has repeatedly mentioned Beijing in China: The content of China involved in China is not true 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T06:58:00Z
Description: The NATO Summit issued a bulletin on the 11th, saying that China has always stated that China constitutes a "systemic challenge." In addition, according to the bulletin, is there a spectrum in Ukraine to join NATO?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '北大西洋公约组织', '德中关系', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['北约', '中国', '泽连斯基', '乌克兰', '俄乌战争']
Id: 66196589
The communiqué issued by the NATO Summit on the 11th stated that China constituted a "systemic challenge" (diagram).
(Voice of Germany Chinese) NATO recently held a two -day summit at Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania. After the Tuesday (July 11), a communiqué said that China constituted a "systemic challenge" to members of the alliance. On the same day, a spokesman for the Chinese envoy to the European Union to fight back. In the statement, the content of the NATO Summit ’s communiqué involved in China ignored the basic facts and was full of" Cold War Thinking "and" ideological prejudice ".
According to China, as a regional military group, NATO, in the case of continuous deterioration of the current international security situation, not only did not reflect on its own responsibilities, but blindly accused other countries and continuously stain outfinger affairs. The statement also stated that China resolutely opposed NATO's "East Asia Pacific" and emphasized that "any behavior that harms the legitimate rights and interests of China will be resolutely fighting back."
According to many media analysis, the NATO announcement 15 times mentioned that China can be regarded as the tough position that the organization has always adopted to China.
The bulletin pointed out that China "uses extensive political, economic and military instruments to expand its global influence and projected force." Its strategy, intent, and military construction are opaque. NATO's interests, security and values.
NATO also stated in the bulletin that Beijing seeks to control key technologies, infrastructure, strategic materials and supply chains, which not only uses its economic leverage to manufacture strategic dependence, but also maliciously use hybrid and network operations, conflict speech and fake information. For NATO allies and damage the safety of the alliance.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg announced on the 11th that the summit was officially launched.
Reuters reported that NATO Secretary -General Jensstoltenberg told reporters at the summit that although NATO did not regard China as a "opponent", the country "more and more challenges international order and refused to condemn Russia's pair The war in Ukraine threatens Taiwan and carries on a large -scale military assembly. "
In addition, "Nikkei Asia" quoted a source of sources as reports that after several discussions of NATO member states, in the final round of the summit's negotiations, the communiqué mentioned that " NATO will continue to discuss with Japan for discussions in Tokyo to do business in Tokyo Place "Related paragraph.
NATO: Ukraine must be met for conditions to be available 
In addition to the threat of China, another hot topic of this summit is Ukraine joined NATO Application.
NATO stated in the bulletin that members of the alliance agreed at the summit that Ukraine's future "in NATO" and said: "When the membership state agrees and the conditions are met, we will be able to invite Ukraine to join the alliance." What are the "conditions" referred to here, but NATO stated that it would help Kiev's progress in military cooperation, democracy and security reform.
According to Reuters, although NATO did not invite or timetable for Kiev to enter and exit the alliance, NATO also lifted the requirements of the Ukraine's performance of the "Membership Action Plan" to effectively eliminate the obstacles of Kiev's joining NATO. According to NATO's official website, the alliance is required to submit plans covering political and economic, national defense security, resources, and laws in accordance with the "joining member action plan" to prepare for the qualifications of membership.
Ukrainian President Zelei (middle) delivered a speech during the NATO Summit. The left is Zeelle's wife, Cenisca, and the President of the Lida Potato.
Reuters reported that Ukraine President Volodymyrzlenskiy said before the NATO announced that NATO leaders would be "ridiculous" if they did not provide Ukraine to enter the league; Expression of disappointment.
That night, he said on Twitter that Ukraine "thanks to our partners for their willingness to take new steps" to provide more weapons and protection for Ukraine. He also said that Wufang has finalized will conduct bilateral talks with countries such as Mergarten and Hee, and other countries It has also been held for the first meeting of NATO -Ukraine Council.
Reuters pointed out that although Ukraine failed to successfully use this summit to join the league, it also won a new weapon commitment of NATO member states. The report quoted relevant officials that the United States, Britain, France, and Germany will soon provide advanced weapons, training and other military assistance to Kiev, and other countries will then join the framework and make their own bilateral commitments.
(Reuters, Germany, "Nikkei Asia", etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/北約公報屢提中國-北京：涉華內容不實/a-66196589?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Fan Haoton, a member of the American cult "Manson Family", was released from prison 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T07:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T06:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Los Angeles, 11th) California prison authorities said that serial killer Manson's disciple Leslie Van Houten was released from prison today after more than 50 years in prison.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The "MansonFamily" led by Charles Manson (MansonFamily "made at least 9 appalling murder in Los Angeles in the summer of 1969. The case involved in the 73 -year -old Leslie Van Houten was also in the case. in.
Fan Haoton was later sentenced to life imprisonment. For decades, all the efforts of Fan Haotun's release were blocked by the governor of California.
Since 2016, Fan Haoton has been established 5 degrees for parole, but every time, he was rejected by former governor Jerry Brown and current governor Gavinnewsom until New Song announced the abandonment of the challenge last week.
Fan Haoton's lawyer Nancy Tetream said that Fan Haoton was the first to be parole among the members of the "Manson Family" who was convicted in the 1969 consecutive killing case.
Titro said that Fan Haotun left a prison in Corona, southern California today, and moved into the midway home where he was kept secret. She would stay there for a year.
Titro said: "From the day of imprisonment, she (Fan Haoton) was a model of a model. She has been treated for 40 years and has completely become another person."
Although Fan Haoton did not participate in the murder of the actress Sharon Tate, she acknowledged that she participated in another murder the next day and assassinated the grocery merchant's wife Rosemarylabianca to death.
The spokesman for Newson said last week that "the victim's family, like all Californians, still feels the cruel effect brought by the murder of the Manson family in 1969."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E9%82%AA%E6%95%99-%E6%9B%BC%E6%A3%AE%E5%AE%B6%E6%97%8F-%E6%88%90%E5%91%98%E8%8C%83%E8%B1%AA%E9%A1%BF-%E8%8E%B7%E5%81%87%E9%87%8A%E5%87%BA%E7%8B%B1 
The U.S. government e -mail was invaded by hackers, and it was suspected of being a Chinese spy operation (Free Version) 
Author: Dustin Volz / Robert McMillan / Warren P. Strobel
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T07:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T07:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T04:28:00.000Z
Description: US officials and Microsoft researchers said that hackers related to China have invaded email accounts of more than 20 organizations including US government agencies; this is part of a suspected online spy operation, the purpose is to obtain a sensitive computer network data.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001047701
Type: Article
American officials and Microsoft(Microsoft,MSFT)Researchers said that hackers related to China have invaded email accounts of more than 20 organizations including some US government agencies; this is part of a suspected online spy operation, the purpose is to obtain data in sensitive computer networks Essence
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E6%94%BF%E5%BA%9C%E7%94%B5%E9%82%AE%E9%81%AD%E9%BB%91%E5%AE%A2%E5%85%A5%E4%BE%B5-%E7%96%91%E4%BC%BC%E4%B8%BA%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%9A%84%E9%97%B4%E8%B0%8D%E8%A1%8C%E5%8A%A8-b915cddf 
American climate special envoy Kerry will visit China next week 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T07:10
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T10:16
Description: American climate special envoy Kerry will visit China next week, and he will be the third American senior officials who have visited China in the near future after US Treasury Secretary Yellen and Secretary of State Brosky. According to the news published by the WeChat account of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, it will be agreed by China and the United States, and Kerry will be from July 16th to 19 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['克里', '气候变化', '美国', '中国', '中美关系']
American climate special envoy Kerry will visit China next week, and he will be the third American senior officials who have visited China in the near future after US Treasury Secretary Yellen and Secretary of State Brosky.
According to the news released by the WeChat account of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, after being agreed by China and the United States, Crey will visit China from July 16th to 19th, and the two parties will exchange opinions on climate change in cooperation.
There are many problems that China and the United States need to promote and solve, including climate cooperation, tariffs, high -tech and investment restrictions.
Kerry said in May that China invited him to "visit China in the near future and talk about the climate crisis. The last time he met with the special envoy of climate change affairs in China was in January.
US Finance Minister Yellen ended four days last week to visit China Later, although there are still significant differences in China and the United States, the relationship between the two countries is moving towards a more stable foundation. Yurun described talks with senior Chinese officials during the interview with "direct, substantive, effective", and said that the talks were further stable efforts to promote Sino -US relations.
Secretary of State Brills visited China last month Essence China and the United States have covered a series of issues, but have not made significant breakthroughs.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1412961 
Column | Democratic Salon: Chinese people talk about Chinese affairs (2023-07-11) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T07:16:34-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T07:16:34-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On July 10, 2023, a vicious injury incident occurred on the same day in Lianjiang City, Guangdong Province. As of now, the incident has killed 6 deaths and one injury was injured. Video obtained via REUTERS Audio-1-Link：https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/minzhushalong/salon-07122023071517.html/@@stream _ Radio Free Asia in Washington, the capital of the United States, opened to the Chinese mainland to listen to friends. _ 
__ 
_ Hotline Time: _ _ Beijing time every Monday night 30 points 
_ Hotline International Free Number: _ __ _ 400-842-7775_ _, _ _ 400-842-7776_ 
_ Hotline_ _ Skype_ _ account number: _ linyueyang01 
__ 
** _ Looking forward to you
__ 
Listening to the south: China's corruption is serious, blind development, and natural resources will eventually become difficult. Wuhan is now seriously polluted and has difficulty employment. There are many cars and serious air pollution. Now the government encourages fertility, but ordinary people feel that they can't afford to raise and are unwilling to have childbirth.
Listening to Guangdong: A malignant incident in a kindergarten in Guangdong, several casualties. The folk pays attention to social justice. This incident aroused the discussion of various social problems. The Chinese media also publicized why Western countries are not good, and ordinary people do not believe it. During the Cultural Revolution, the people worshiped Mao Zedong, but today people do not believe that the government's reputation crisis is serious.
Wuhan Listening: Sino -US relations are tight, mainly because of the issue of Taiwan Strait relations and force, which has become a concern for ordinary people. China's current economic downturn. If there is a conflict between force, the Chinese economic situation will be worse.
Ask the wall of the wall, Please send it to: fankui@rfa.org Please pay attention to the social media of the host Lin Yueyang to interact with us:
_ Twitter account number: _ _ Linyueyang_ 
_ skype_ _ account number: _ _ linyueyang01_ 
_ WeChat account: linyueyang_ 
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/minzhushalong/salon-07122023071517.html 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-12T07:21:55
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T15:54:03
Description: Ukraine President Zelei welcomed the defense plan provided by NATO and the Seventh -way Group for Kiev, but said that inviting Ukraine to join NATO "ideal choice."
Images: [" 1-1689164451.png "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Turkish President Tidip Erdogan, Ukrainian President Vladimir Zellezi and British Prime Minister Rich Sunak attended the NATO-Ukrainian Council Meeting (Reuters) at the Lithuanian Summit (Reuters)
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/7/12/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-383 
President President President Cai Yingwen: During his tenure 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T07:41:00Z
Description: Panania, who is about to take office in August, arrives in Taiwan on July 11, and meets Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen on July 11 to reiterate that he will deepen the cooperation between the two sides. Tsai Ing -wen said that Paraguay and Taiwan stood with Taiwan on the "Democratic Free Front"; Benia said that Paraguay will stand with Taiwan in the next 5 years.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '中国', '台湾', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['巴拉圭', '台湾', '两岸关系', '邦交国', '贝尼亚', '培尼亚', '南美洲', '中国']
Id: 66191001
President Panania met Benia in Taipei on the 12th.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Paraguay is the president of Pana, Santiago Peñapalaos (also translated in Bonia) on Wednesday (July 12) to meet the Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen and Vice President Lai Qingde, the 66th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations with Taiwan Day, reiterated friendly support for Taiwan Essence
"Visit in Taiwan, it is definitely not accidental." Benia said that he visited Taiwan 5 weeks before taking office. He had a clear goal. He hoped to tell the world: "We will never compromise on values and common ideals goals. "He pointed out that Paraguay, like Taiwan, has" very complicated and difficult to handle "affairs as neighboring countries.
Benia emphasized that in the future, Paraguay will stand on the same side with Taiwan in the future. He also thanked Taiwan for their economic assistance to Paraguay and encouraged Taiwanese companies to invest in Paraguay.
Tsai Ing -wen also thanked Paraguay's friendship and attention to Taiwan, and said: "Faced with the expansion of authoritarianism, we also look forward to Paraguay to stand with Taiwan on the democratic free line to contribute to the world's peaceful development."
Taiwan again? Will Paraguay will "abandon Taiwan and vote?" 

Benia led a group to Taiwan on the 11th for a five -day visit. In his speech at his speech at Taoyuan Airport in Taiwan, he mentioned that he had arrived in Taiwan during his student during his student. He hoped that this visit again would make Paraguay's relationship closer to Taiwan.
"I will be committed to condensing the two countries during the term of office in the next 5 years. Our relationship is close, but I think we need to be closer at this moment, and we need to be more united, so I am very happy to come here."
Benia, who is about to take office in August, promised during the past presidential presidential period that I hope to continue to promote bilateral relations between Paraguay and Taiwan's mutual benefit Essence
According to the Taiwan Media Central News Agency, in addition to the accompanying Benia's wife and daughter, the members of this visit to the delegation also include Paraguay as the Foreign Minister Rubén Ramírezcano and the Secretary -General of the Presidential Palace, Lea Giménez, Duarte), Treasury Minister Carlos Fernándezvaldovinos and Francisco Javier Giménez García de Zúñiga.
The Taiwan Foreign Affairs Department mentioned that Benia's itinerary also included officials such as Wang Meihua, Taiwan Economic Minister Wang Meihua, Minister of Health Xue Ruiyuan, as well as visiting universities, non -profit organizations and cultural facilities.
Paraguay as President Benia (left) and Taiwan Foreign Minister Wu Zhaozheng
one of the few diplomatic relations in Taiwan 
In recent years, there have been continuous countries announced that they have broken diplomatic relations with the Republic of China and established diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China , Paraguay is one of the only 13 diplomatic relations in Taiwan.
Regarding Panania, Panania, Pania visited Taiwan, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Mao Ning said at a regular press conference on July 10: "The government of the People's Republic of China is the only legal government representing the whole China. Part of. We believe that sooner or later, the country will recognize the general trend and make a decision that meets the historical trend. "
At the same time, the Ministry of National Defense of Taiwan issued a statement on July 11 that the PLA "J-10", "J-16", "Su Kai-30", "Boom 6", "Yun-8 anti-submarine machine" 34 The secondary military aircraft moved near Taiwan, of which 29 were passed through the middle line of the Strait and its extension line, and cooperated with its long sea of long aircraft ships to implement sea and air training outside the southeast response area of Taiwan. On the 12th, Taiwan refers to 32 Chinese military planes over the Taiwan Strait.
The Taiwan military will hold a real soldier exercise at the end of July. It is expected that the first time will be performed at Taoyuan Airport to perform anti -aircraft downshift exercises for the first time, and civil aviation aircraft will be prohibited from taking off and landing.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 

Latin America is the most concentrated place in Taiwan's diplomatic relations, with a total of 8. Guatemara West Pacific, the East of the Caribbean, bordering Mexico in the north, is one of the ancient Mayan cultural centers. The population is 11.24 million, and the capital Guatemala. Residents believe in Catholicism, and the official language is Spanish. The establishment of diplomatic relations with the Republic of China in 1933.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
拉 
Paraguay is an inland country in South America with an area of 410,000 square kilometers and a population of 6.64 million. The capital Asunción, the official language is Spanish. Agricultural and animal husbandry is the main pillar of the country's economy. In addition, the National Football Team of Paraguay is a power brigade in South America. Create diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1957. Paraguay will hold a presidential election in April 2023. Candidates in the opposition party have stated that if they are elected, they will consider breaking diplomatic relations with Taiwan and to build diplomatic relations with China.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Belis 
Also known as Belize, formerly known as the British Honduras, located on the east coast of Central America. It is a Chinese American country with the least population and the lowest population density.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Sheng Vinson 
The full name is "St. Vincent and Green Nading", referred to as St. Vinson, located in Latin America, and established diplomatic relations with the Republic of China since 1981.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan?Also known as St. Kitz and Nivis, located in the Caribbean Sea. In May 2018, he was refused to participate in the World Health Conference in Taiwan(WHA)At that time, St. Chriso and Navis met with the Minister of Health and Welfare in Taiwan and support Taiwan's participation in the conference. 
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Haiti 
Haiti is the islands of the Caribbean with an area of 28,000 square kilometers and a population of 10.7 million. Haiti is one of the poorest countries in the world. After the earthquake in 2010, Haiti economy relied on the aid of the international community to a certain extent. Create diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1956.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
St. Lucia 
It is also translated into St. Luxia, a country in the Caribbean. In 1997(Taiwan)Broken diplomatic relations. Later, he resumed diplomatic relations with the Republic of China in 2007.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 

Swaziland is also located in southeastern Africa, in the east, Mozambique, and the rest of the direction borders South Africa. The area is 17,400 square kilometers and the population is 1.3 million. The official language is English and Swati, which mainly depends on South Africa. Create diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1968.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 


He also translated Palau, located in the Western Pacific, established diplomatic relations with the Republic of China in 1999. Beginning in 2017, after the maintenance of diplomatic relations between Palau and the Republic of China, it instructed that the travel agency to stop Palau, and Chinese tourists were reduced. Because there are too few travelers from China, Palau Pacific Airlines even claims that in 2018, they declared that they decided to suspend flights to China at a cost consideration.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Marshall Islands 
The Marshall Islands is an island nation located in the central Pacific. It consists of more than 1,000 islands and reefs. It covers an area of 181 square kilometers and has a population of 53,000. It is mainly Micronician. The official language is English and Marsham. In 1986, he was independent from the US custody and established diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1998.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Nollu Republic 
It is also translated into Nauru. It is an island country located in the central South Pacific. It has an area of 24 square kilometers and a population of 102,000. Cauru was occupied by Japan during World War II, and was co -custody by Australia, Britain, and New Zealand after the war. It was officially independent in 1968. Create diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1980, interrupted in 2003, and resumed in 2005.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Tuwaru 
Tuvalu is located in the South Pacific, consisting of 9 ring -shaped coral island groups. The land area is about 26 square kilometers and the population is 11,000. Create diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1979. Tuvaru was up to 4.5 meters above sea level and was severely threatened by the rise of the sea level. In a statement in 2001, the country's leader said that the residents of the country will gradually evacuate due to the fate of being swallowed by the sea water and relocate the country to New Zealand.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Vatican 
The Vatican is the only diplomatic country in Europe in Europe. The Vatican, located in the city of Rome, has an area of only 0.44 square kilometers. It is called the country of the city and is the place where Catholic Holy See is located. The establishment of diplomatic relations with the Republic of China in 1942.
Author: Ye Xuan
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/巴拉圭新總統晤蔡英文：任內將與台灣站一起/a-66191001?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Musk's glass house construction project caused an investigation within Tesla (Free Version) 
Author: Rebecca Elliott / Kirsten Grind / Emily Glazer
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T08:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T06:46:00.000Z
Description: There is a project called "No. 42" inside Tesla to build a striking glass curtain wall building near the company headquarters in Austin, Texas. Once the project was proposed, it was strictly reviewed by Lawyers and members of the board.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
In Tesla(Tesla,TSLA)Inside, there is a project called "project 42"(Project 42)It is to be in Tesla near Austin Headquarters Build a striking glass curtain wall building.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E9%A9%AC%E6%96%AF%E5%85%8B%E7%9A%84%E7%8E%BB%E7%92%83%E6%88%BF%E5%BB%BA%E8%AE%BE%E9%A1%B9%E7%9B%AE%E5%9C%A8%E7%89%B9%E6%96%AF%E6%8B%89%E5%86%85%E9%83%A8%E5%BC%95%E5%8F%91%E8%B0%83%E6%9F%A5-f596d706 
Demonstrations protest against judicial reform plan broke out across the country 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:27
Description: Tens of thousands of Israeli people demonstrated on Tuesday (July 11) on the streets across the country to demonstrate the judicial reform plan launched by the Government of the Prime Minister of the Prime Minister. Comprehensive foreign news reports that in the hot summer, a large number of Israeli people still went to the streets to demonstrate and blocked the main machine of Israel ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['以色列', '司法', '改革', '示威']
Tens of thousands of Israeli people demonstrated on Tuesday (July 11) on the streets across the country to demonstrate the judicial reform plan launched by the Government of the Prime Minister of the Prime Minister.
According to the report, a large number of Israeli people on the streets were still on the streets and blocked the major airports and main highways of Israel. The demonstrator is a key bill in the judicial reform plan launched by the Neitahu administration.
The bill aims to prevent the Supreme Court from overthrowing the government's decision on the grounds of "rationality", and passed the first round of voting at the parliament on Monday (10th). The bill needs to be passed through the three readings of the parliament to become a law.
The Judicial Reform Plan announced by the Nei Tanahu Government in January this year Including weakening the power of the Supreme Court and giving political leaders a greater right to judicial appointment, it is considered threatening democracy. In the past few months, Israel has also erupted large -scale demonstrations due to the reform plan.
Israel, Tel Aviv, Haifa, Holzlia, Belsheba, Elatt and other cities on Tuesday. Police use water guns on demonstrators at several locations.
According to the estimation of the organizer of the demonstration, about 20,000 people gathered at Ben-Gurionairport at the major international airport in Israel to wave the Israeli flag. The police sent 1,000 police officers to the scene, and from time to time, the police conflict with the demonstrators.
Demonstrations continued until night, and tens of thousands of Israeli people continued to demonstrate on Tel Aviv and other major roads.
According to local TV stations, at least 19 demonstrators were injured and sent to the hospital. The police issued by the police on the evening of the police said at least 76 demonstrators were arrested.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1412969 
The next step after the wanted: Hong Kong Guoan's red ordering order elsewhere? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T08:18:00Z
Description: For the first time, the Hong Kong National Security Department issued a red wanted order to overseas democrats, and conducted two waves of law enforcement operations in just one week. Analysis means that the opportunity to successfully arrest eight democrats is very small. What is the actual goal of the redness? What is the significance of choosing this time to do this?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['谷歌', '香港', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议']
Id: 66197401
The Hong Kong police announced on July 3 that a reward of HK $ 1 million per person, wanted eight well -known Hong Kong democratic activities in exile overseas, accused them of violating the "National Security Law" in the Hong Kong area
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Many Hong Kong media reports that Guoan is on Tuesday (July 11) July at 6 am search for Luo Guancong's Hong Kong family residence Essence Radio Hong Kong quoted police sources that the Guoan Department sent staff to Luo's apartment in Tung Chung, taking away Luo's parents and elder brothers to admit out their confession, "to understand whether they provide economic assistance to Luo Guancong and whether they are in Hong Kong." The three were not arrested after completing the question and were allowed to leave the police station.
Luo Guancong responded on the social media on the same day: "For a series of actions in the Hong Kong police recently, I can say certain: Related persons have nothing to do with me at all. My work has nothing to do with them. In the end, he publicly issued a month as early as the end of July 2020 that after leaving Hong Kong, he expressed his disconnection and contact with his loved ones. Luo Guancong is Guoan Office issued a million -dollar red order to be wanted on July 3 One of the eight overseas Hong Kong democrats.
This time after the announcement of the red order, the second wave of law enforcement operations against people in Hong Kong, all of them pointed to Luo Guancong's affiliated figures. The Guoan Office arrested five former members of Hong Kong last week It refers to the mobile phone application "Punishment Mee" supported by the "Yellow Store" (generally referring to a merchant supporting a democratic camp) to support Luo Guancong. The "Hong Kong Zhi Zhi", established by Luo Guancong and Huang Zhifeng, has announced the dissolution on the day of the implementation of the National Security Law.
Guoan Hanging Red Order 
Li Enzhen, a visiting scholar at the University of London University of London, analyzed that the development of this week reflects that the authorities expect to achieve the political effects greater than the legal effect Essence He said to Germany: "The government understands that it is impossible to arrest eight people in essence. The red order aims to provide greater causes and create a white horror atmosphere monitoring each other in Hong Kong and overseas."
Li Enzhen pointed out that the special thing about the Guoan's red order is that it only needs to provide a chance to get a bounty, which is lower than the threshold of other criminal cases; Essence The national security case reward is also higher than other cases. The murder is only 30 to 800,000 Hong Kong dollars. Li Enyu pointed out that the outside world is unknown to the determination of the amount, but believes that heavy funds will help the authorities to master the whereabouts of eight people. The eight Hong Kong people who were wanted by the reds include: former Legislative Councilors Luo Guancong, Guo Rongzheng, and Xu Zhifeng, Meng Zhaoda, Director -General of the former Workers' Alliance, Ren Jianfeng, former French and Politics Converses, Guo Fengyi, Liu Zudi, and Yuan Gongyi.
The Hong Kong Democratic Commission (HKDC), headquartered in Washington, is an overseas initiative of Hong Kong people. Member Zhou Yongkang, a member of the board of directors, believes that subsequent development has added scruples to overseas social movements. In an interview with the Voice of Germany, he said: "" Punishment of Mee "The arrest of the members of the pre-state aspirations was a new warning-both threatened to be in Hong Kong and intimidated the proposal outside. Undertake the cost of implication innocent. "
The Hong Kong police arrested four former members of Hong Kong on July 5 and accused them of "punishing Mee" through the online mall to absorb funds to help overseas fugitives. The picture shows Lin Langyan, the chairman of the former Hong Kong Zhongzhi, was arrested by the Guoan Police
soft confrontation, overseas report 
The National Security Law has been arrested for three years since the implementation of the National Security Law, and a large number of local political groups and unusual media have disbanded. In recent months, "soft confrontation" has become a new word that is often hung by officials. The media under the China United Nations Office repeatedly criticized the yellow economic circle for "soft confrontation". After the former Hong Kong members were arrested, "Punishment of Mee" and another well -known store supported by prisoners immediately closed.
The Chief Executive Li Jiachao said that the police had received some reports that they would use all forms of assistance to use any forms of assistance, calling on the city citizens to regard eight people as "cross -street mice". Deng Bingqiang, director of the Security Bureau, pointed out that the redness was to cut off their capital chain, and specially named Luo Guancong as the "modern traitor." Ye Liu Shuyi, the convener of the Executive Council, even said that the store's transportation for Hong Kong -style food to the fugitive is also "support".
The National Security Law has external legal power, and it has a significant impact on the blessing of the red order order. "Will you know that the wanted people, once supporting their social media or donations, will it cause the criminal responsibility or the National Security Department to question?" Scholars Li Enzhen believes that the Hong Kong government hopes to extend the report atmosphere overseas. With the Guoan hotline, the hanging red wanted to further cause the immigrant group to be suspicious and differentiated with each other, in order to seduce the effect of creating dislikes. "
Even before there was no red order, the projects of overseas Hong Kong people were under pressure. Former Chief Executive and the current vice chairman of the Chinese CPPCC Liang Zhenying have criticized criticism. This year, the "Yangcun" series of "Yangcun" series of picture books in the UK is "external forces challenged the Hong Kong National Security Law". Some Hong Kong people were arrested in Hong Kong because of their picture books. The production team revealed to the Voice of Germany that after the arrest operation, the reading and donations of books were reduced, and some reading activities were temporarily canceled due to pressure on the venue.
? 
The Hong Kong police acknowledged that it would be difficult for them to take them out if they were not returned to Hong Kong. In response to the media inquiry from the Interpol, I did not receive a request to issue a red wanted order to eight democrats. The International Interpol Charter stipulates that no political criminals must be hunt, and law enforcement operations must meet the principle of human rights. Li Enzhen believes that the possibility of issuing a red wanted order is very low, but the authorities can apply for non -political reasons such as economic crimes or counter -terrorism, and there have been precedents in the past.
Luo Guancong's family was asked by the Hong Kong police raid on July 11
Since the implementation of the National Security Law, multiple Western countries have interrupted the extradition agreement with Hong Kong Essence The eight people are now living in the United States, Britain, and Australia, and they have no extradition agreement with China. Li Enyu pointed out that if eight people have stepped on a country with no extradition agreement but friendly with China, they still have the opportunity to be sent to the "original land." The problem is not a legal issue. " In today's political atmosphere, Li Enzhen believes that there is not much opportunity to repeat.
Laying on overseas activities 
Eight people are well -known democrats, nor have they been exiled or participated in the initiative recently. Li Enzhen believes that this time may be with [The Outreach Law "with China implemented on July 1st related. "The general trend of the development of the national security system in China and Hong Kong is to strengthen overseas activities and groups. Hong Kong is about to set up three three sins for spy. I believe that the red order is just the beginning and pave the way for more new law in the future."
Analysis means that the Hong Kong Government has not had a big chance of arresting eight people in the Hong Kong Government, but the reddishness has caused some obstacles to overseas initiative. Zhou Yongkang visited South America on behalf of the Hong Kong Democratic Commission (HKDC) last month. For example, he said that Brazil and China had an extradition agreement. A group must communicate with the local department before entering the country. Essence He claims that the red order increases the political costs and risks of visiting these areas. "In terms of strategy, we must do more proposal to do more non -traditional democratic countries in the future. For example, many democratic countries in the southern China are Chinese allies. If you don't go there, you will have a great discount on human rights promotion, and you have to pay more attention in the future."
However, he believes that if the Hong Kong government's expansion list is not necessarily beneficial to it, "the name increases the exposure of the other party, but it will help to prevent the opposition movement. Most people on the list of reds have publicly stated that they would not stop their vocals. Zhou Yongkang believed that overseas proposals were psychologically prepared for the current situation. "It is indeed a dilemma, but people in overseas have no choice. I believe that everyone has thought and struggle earlier before I decided to choose to take this way." He said that he would not adjust the way of acting: " What we do is to help Hong Kong people from fear of fear. If long -term concentration or self -castration will make the work meaningless, it is exactly the effect that the regime wants to achieve. "
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/通緝以後的下一步棋-香港國安懸紅令另有所指？/a-66197401?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Foxconn announced the withdrawal from the Indian semiconductor chip factory joint venture 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-12T08:30:59.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:30:59.000Z
Description: The two companies originally announced that they planned to invest in the chip factory in Gujilat Bang, the hometown of Indian Prime Minister Modi. Some analysts said that this is a setback to India's development of the science and technology industry.
Images: [" _130357688_ge... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['纳伦德拉·莫迪', '技术新知', '印度', '台湾', '苹果']
Type: Article
Foxconn announced the withdrawal from the Indian semiconductor chip factory joint venture 
8:30 am on July 12, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Foxconn's factory in Zhengzhou, China. Low cost is the main advantage of Foxconn's participation in the cooperation of the international industrial chain.
Apple iPhone supplier, Foxconn, a subsidiary of Taiwan Business Hon Hai Technology Group, has withdrawn from a 19.5 billion US dollars of investment projects in cooperation with Indian petroleum leader Vedanta. The project was originally planned to build in India in India. One chip manufacturer. Less than a year ago, the two companies announced their plans to invest in the chip factory in Gujarat, Gujarat, the Prime Minister of India. Some analysts said that this is a setback to India's development of the science and technology industry. 
However, an Indian government minister said that this will not have any impact on the push plan of the country's chip manufacturing. Hon Hai's headquarters is located in Taiwan. The company issued a statement saying that both parties realized that the project was not progressing quickly. The company also added: "We cannot successfully overcome some challenging gaps, as well as external problems that have nothing to do with the project."
Foxconn told the BBC on Tuesday that the decision to withdraw the capital was reached under the "mutual agreement" with Wida. After Hon Hai withdrew, Weidata had completely owned the joint venture. In addition, the company also said that it will continue to support the Indian government's "Madein India" ambition. Weida, headquartered in New Delhi, said that they have "cooperated with other partners to establish India's first (chip) foundry".
Fuji Kang's idea: Re -consider the plan to build a factory in Wisconsin in the United States Can India surpass China in all aspects and become a world superpower The opportunity and challenge of Taiwanese businessmen in India in the Apple foundry in India Indian coal shortage, heat wave burning people, insufficient power supply and deformed market Video-1-Link：/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/business-66173204/p0fw5stn/zh-hans Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials * video plus injection text,
Liu Yangwei, chairman of Hon Hai Group: Foxconn must consider responding to the worst situation
Indian Semiconductor Development In the event of frustration? 
However, Paultriolo, a global consultant company, told BBC: "Foxconn's sudden exit of Foxconn was a considerable blow to India's semiconductor development." He explained that "the obvious reason for this withdrawal is the lack of clear technical partners and the development track of joint venture. Both parties lack the rich experience in developing and managing large -scale semiconductor manufacturing business."
However, Minister of Electronics and Information Technology, Minister of Electronics and Information Technology, Rajeevchandrasekhar, said that Foxconn's decision has no impact on India's semiconductor manufacturing goal. Chandrasecar also added that Foxconn and Willda are the "important investors" of the country, and they will promote their strategy separately in India.
The Indian government has been formulating a strategy to support the chip manufacturing industry. Last year, India established a $ 10 billion fund to attract more investors to invest in the field, looking forward to reducing India's dependence on foreign chip manufacturers. The flagship plan launched by Modi in 2014, "Made in India", is to help the country transform into a global manufacturing center that can match with China.
In recent years, several other companies have announced their plans to establish semiconductor factories in India.
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
India has been formulating strategies to support the chip manufacturing industry. In 2022, India established a $ 10 billion fund to attract more investors to invest in the field and look forward to reducing India's dependence on foreign chip manufacturers.
Last month, Microntechnology, a US memory chip giant, said it would invest $ 825 million to establish a semiconductor assembly and testing plant in India. Micron said that the construction of the factory in Gujarat will begin this year. It is expected that the project will directly create as many as 5,000 tasks and indirectly bring another 15,000 employment opportunities to the region.
Challenge facing India 
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcastIntel former executive executive Vinod Dham is now a member of the Indian Semiconductor Mission Consultation Committee. He accepted an interview with the US media Businessstoday this year that India still faces some important challenges before becoming a key role. He said that, for example, to build a successful wafer factory, electricity cannot be faulty, because some plants for manufacturing high -end chips need to supply power without failure, and to avoid the risk of natural disasters, especially earthquakes.
However, Dam analyzed that in India, the infrastructure has not yet fully developed, and the customs clearance sometimes takes a few days or even a few weeks. Therefore, India must apply to the airport of the key components that are exported by India, or the customs set up in manufacturing facilities, assembly,, assembly, and Next to the cluster of testing and packaging facilities. In addition, Dam also emphasized that the factory area where the semiconductor factory and the back -end (assembly, testing and packaging) facilities are located should be protected by law, and it is necessary to prevent strikes and consider "unnecessary vacation regulations" to ensure that the Indian chip factories are competing for competition in competition. The fierce global semiconductor industry is competitive: "A advanced chip factory may take five years to enter comprehensive production. Not only does it require comprehensive financing to complete the work on time, but also the labor force must work all year round to ensure the chip factory factory to ensure the chip factory factory Can be put into operation as soon as possible. "
Analyst Srishti Khemka published a research report in the US Independent Think Tank "Council On ForeignRelations" stating that although huge investment in semiconductor manufacturing, lack of electricity, water, and mobility The bureaucratic bureaucracy has made India unable to become a semiconductor power on the basis of existing. She explained that although India has a strong talent pool and political will, it is not easy to create a feasible semiconductor ecosystem, and today's chip power has spent decades to develop to mature, and India is managing the "Indian manufacturing" plan. And providing difficulties in promoting the basic resources required for the semiconductor system, so that he is not optimistic about the efforts of Delhi's expansion of semiconductor development: "If there is no solid policy framework to fully solve all these problems, India cannot achieve the mission of a global semiconductor power. "
She said that water and energy are the other two key resources of semiconductor production, and both of the existing resources in India are insufficient. The Modi government has made some progress in improving groundwater management, but it is unclear whether these measures can be and how fast they can succeed.
Dham believes that although India currently has tens of thousands of design engineers cooperated with the world's top semiconductor companies, in terms of component physics required by the chip designed by these design engineers, and in terms of process and technical knowledge, India has almost no talents in India. Essence
Image source, AFP
Image adding text,
India's three -quarters of power generation coal is used. Analysis of concerns that India may not be able to meet the needs of the semiconductor industry in terms of providing stable power supply.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/business-66173204 
PRIME Member Day may boost Amazon retail business, and the AWS business also needs to take the fire version 
Author: Dan Gallagher
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T08:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T07:13:00.000Z
Description: Shopping carnival held this week may boost Amazon's retail business, but for Amazon's smaller and much profitable cloud computing business AWS, the PRIME member day is of little significance.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001043920
Type: Article
Amazon(Amazon.com, AMZN)Founder Bezos(Jeff Bezos)I like to quote the well -known value investor Graham(Benjaminagarham)In the short term, the stock market is a voting machine; in the long run, it is a weighing machine. "This e -commerce giant has always performed well.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/prime%E4%BC%9A%E5%91%98%E6%97%A5%E6%88%96%E6%8F%90%E6%8C%AF%E4%BA%9A%E9%A9%AC%E9%80%8A%E9%9B%B6%E5%94%AE%E4%B8%9A%E5%8A%A1-%E8%80%8Caws%E4%B8%9A%E5%8A%A1%E4%B9%9F%E9%9C%80%E5%8A%A0%E6%8A%8A%E7%81%AB-6cd14e68 
Fermont in the northeast of the United States entered an urgent state of disaster into a disaster 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T08:41
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:41
Description: Floods caused by heavy rain in the northeast of the United States, President Biden Bayeng announced on Tuesday (July 11) that the state entered an emergency. Agence France -Presse reported that local officials warned that a dam near Montpellier, the state of the state, was close to the load limit and was about to overflow into the river. Official ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '暴雨', '洪灾', '紧急状态', '拜登']
Floods caused by heavy rain in the northeast of the United States, President Biden Bayeng announced on Tuesday (July 11) that the state entered an emergency.
Agence France -Presse reported that local officials warned that a dam near Montpellier, the state of the state, was close to the load limit and was about to overflow into the river. The statement issued by officials on Monday (10th) said: "Since the dam was built, this has never happened, so there is no precedent for damage."
The flood was flooded in the center of Montpellier, but there were no reports of any personnel in Vermont at present.
According to the U.S. Meteorological Administration, New York State last Sunday (9th), a woman was killed due to the outbreak of rainstorms, and the rainfall in some areas exceeded 20 cm.
Officials said that as of the noon of Tuesday, more than 100 people trapped in Vermont had been rescued. According to the New York Times, the authorities are trying to send other people with a helicopter.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1412972 
Large car companies participated in a battery metal supply related transaction, trying to get rid of the dependence on China (Free Version) 
Author: Amrith Ramkumar
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T08:45:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:45:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T06:03:00.000Z
Description: Volkswagen and Stellantis will cooperate with a special purpose acquisition company (Spac), which is operated by a well -known mining executive, hoping to create a large battery metal company through more transactions. The transaction shows that large car companies urgently hope to ensure the supply of battery raw materials outside China.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
The world's largest automobile manufacturer is further participating in the battery metal supply chain, these metals can be used to drive their electric vehicles Essence A transaction that will be completed in the next few weeks highlights the urgency of this move and the risks they bear to achieve this goal.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%A4%A7%E5%9E%8B%E8%BD%A6%E4%BC%81%E8%AF%95%E5%9B%BE%E9%80%9A%E8%BF%87%E4%B8%80%E9%A1%B9%E5%A4%8D%E6%9D%82%E4%BA%A4%E6%98%93%E8%BF%9B%E4%B8%80%E6%AD%A5%E5%8F%82%E4%B8%8E%E5%88%B0%E7%94%B5%E6%B1%A0%E9%87%91%E5%B1%9E%E4%BE%9B%E5%BA%94%E9%93%BE%E4%B8%AD-2b9d2672 
China re -open the subject matter 
Author: Charley Grant
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T08:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T05:30:00.000Z
Description: Since the beginning of this year, the stock price performance of many Chinese listed companies with Chinese business has won the market, but at the beginning of the performance period, the recent weakness of the Chinese economy has increased the risks that these stocks may face.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股市']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001043486
Type: Article
China's weak economic growth and geopolitical tensions have continued to intensify, bringing new resistance to American investors who are re -opening up in China that will give birth to an economic prosperous American.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E9%87%8D%E6%96%B0%E5%BC%80%E6%94%BE%E9%A2%98%E6%9D%90%E7%86%84%E7%81%AB-6e9a720 
Famous poet Yang Lian (below): Xi Jinping should reduce the level of human basic civilization ｜ Perspective 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T09:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T20:11:53-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
Moderator: Hello everyone, here is "view" I am Tang Qiwei. The guests of the "Viewpoint" program today are still the famous poet Yang Lian in Berlin. Leaving home for more than thirty years, poetry became Yang Lian's "only mother tongue". He has published thirteen Chinese poems and was translated into more than thirty kinds of texts. 2018, Yang Lian won the Hungarian International Poetry Award, known as the "Poetry Nobel Prize"( Yaus Pannuni International Poetry Award) . In the award -winning speech, Yang Lian said: Poetry is like a butterfly, flying on a heavy life, maintaining the pride of the soul. In Yang Lian's view, poetry is natural, and he enjoys his own thoughts and freedom of thought and speech. For so many years, Yang Lian has been using poetry to express this freedom of speech. 
Reporter: You have written a poem "To Hong Kong": the endless epic. You say that the real theme of this poem is far beyond Hong Kong, and their subtext is today's China. In your opinion, what is the biggest backward in China today?
Yang Lian: Of course, this biggest reflux is of course the entire 40 years of the past 40 years, even if it is the incomplete reform and opening up, but the one it brings, from economic levels to social levels, such a gradually open opening up Status, or at least a possibility. As a poet, we still hope to have a modern transformation in culture, but Xi Jinping has cut off such a cultural transformation direction. Hong Kong is actually the most typical victim, because before 1997, at least they still appreciated the basic operating standards of a civilized society and the legal society. And now they have been pushed back to a power society. 
Reporter: Speaking of this, Chen Zhiming, editor -in -chief of Hong Kong's "Exclusive People" (magazine), has been lost with the outside world since September last year, as well as the owner of the former Shanghai Independence Bookstore monsoon book garden Yu Miao. His wife thanks Fang, after nine months (by the Chinese authorities) restricted from leaving the country, it was only recently reunited with the United States and his family. Recently, similar things seem to be constantly happening. In your opinion, what kind of signal is this conveying?
Yang Lian: I admire Mr. Chen Zhiming very much, because this magazine can be said to be upstream. In this case of Hong Kong and the whole of China, he can express his own humanities and people very clearly about humanities, for humanities, for humanities, for humanities, to treat humanities, to humanity, to humanities, to humanities, to the humanities, to the humanities, to the humanity, and to The concern and call for conscience. In fact, Mr. Chen Zhipeng is good. Just now you say that the family members of the monsoon (the owner of the book garden) are also good. In fact, it continues the highest political power from the Cultural Revolution of Shidongshan and the 57th year. Conscience, Chinese intellectuals, conscience and conscience are a kind of suppression and persecution, and they are the latest recent batches of victims. This is also a proof that I just said that Xi Jinping, such as Xi Jinping. What he wants to pass to the Chinese is that you are still our slaves. It is equivalent to Xi Jinping's hope that the world is acceptable. He is China and China. 
Reporter: I know you are very concerned about the iron chain girl. You have a poem to write like this: You said that in China, the mother personally deleted the word mother in Chinese. What is the biggest shock of the iron chain girl?
Yang Lian: The biggest shock of the iron chain woman is not her miserable fate of a woman in China, because I know that such a tragic experience and a tragic fate, there are too many men in Chinese men. My shock is because of the phenomenon of the iron chain girl. It inspires the conscience of Chinese people within a short period of time, and this conscience broke out so violently. In a month, there have been 67 billion people on the Internet. Anti -struggle, and this struggle is quite rational, in my words, the iron chain woman is a Tiananmen gate that does not go to the street. And my poem, "Please delete the word Chinese in Chinese", was also very gloomy when I heard the news just when I heard the news. This gloomy feeling is not only the fate of a woman, but also the fate of culture. It is not China but Chinese. A text and culture that lasted for thousands of years had to turn the word of mother into a state of sacrifice that was raped and forced to give birth. So in fact, when the mother does not exist anymore, let alone the child, let alone every generation. 
Reporter: You just mentioned the iron chain girl, and the response of many citizens like a Tiananmen gate that is not on the street. I saw that you (overseas) actively responded during the white paper exercise. In your opinion, do they really realize what they are resisting? In fact, the question I want to ask is that their resistance and you in the 1980s have the resistance of young people in Hong Kong. What is the difference? How will this different affect the development of Chinese society in the future.
Yang Lian: When we supported white paper sports on the streets of London, I was very surprised to find that there were about hundreds of hundreds of in our parade. At first glance, it was a child of the post -90s. This is a phenomenon that has almost never seen these in the middle of the fight with the CCP. I guess one of the reasons, because the families of these children can go to school (overseas) in Berlin, etc. Maybe their families are not very poor families in China, but Xi Jinping's inverse is exactly for these compared middle -class, there are certain some in the middle class, there are certain some in the middle class, there are certain some in the middle class. This income, but in order to accept good education for children, they can fight again, and then they can send them out of such a family that they can send out to school. I felt such a pressure, so I stood for the first time in our ranks. I think that these young people now, although they are not as good as we have come from the Cultural Revolution, there is such a mature consciousness, but their consciousness has begun. 
Reporter: You should have written a poem in Hangzhou called "Gongye Bridge One Night" eight years ago. You wrote: How beautiful the West Lake is, how black the canal overflows. I saw that Hangzhou netizens were very unconvinced and said that in the past two years, the canal have become cleaner and cleaner. The small bridge flowing water people have the style of Jiangnan water village. Actually why I want to ask you such a question, because you just said that many Chinese people's struggles were one before, and your understanding is a kind of Tiananmen gate that is not on the street, but we must see that there is a phenomenon, that is, on the one hand The mainland people in China are the iron chain girl, as well as the indignation of the coercive clearance campaign and even protesting on the street, but on the one hand, it may be the same group of people. They also sincerely feel that China is getting better and better. The conditions are getting better and better. What is your observation?Reporter: I think you are very fiercely criticized for some of your young fellows when you were young. Today, they and this ideal ambition of that year run counter to the back. You say that the land is covered with "Junjie" who knows current affairs, and this Junjie is a quotation. At that time, the poet Kita Island, who was like you, once said that the huge China could not tolerate the desk. How will you evaluate the return of North Island? (In your opinion) Is he also the "handsome" of current affairs?
Yang Lian: , since you all said, this huge territory can't set the desk, then you have to find this place where there is no desk, so what do you find? What is definitely looking for things outside the desk, right? So for me, like North Island, including some people like North Island, they can't avoid this kind of conflict. I can't stand the sense of loneliness of overseas, or the coldness of life as an exile, and go back to find a kind of warm Can't find what can be written on the desk. So what makes me regrets is that almost all these dilemmas that later have the contradictions, and still go back to curl up in a certain mouse cave, and sometimes some people who decorate some scenes on some scenes. Any decent work can also be produced, which is also a fate that cannot be avoided. 
Reporter: I know you have won numerous awards in the international poetry world. How did you maintain this creative passion for so many years? Are you more written in Chinese or in English?
Yang Lian: Poetry I will always write in Chinese, because poetry is like your blood, and you can't change such deep things like your blood. As for how to maintain such a creative energy, I think the most important thing is to maintain the energy of such a kind of thought, and the energy of this idea comes from a word: question, and this question must be implemented to self -question questions Essence So I have a saying, not saying "I think I am", what is it? I said "I ask me, I am here." I also have a word called nightmare inspiration. Maybe we should admit that we really do n’t lack the inspiration of this nightmare, but because of this, its inspiration and energy have never been broken, so I think we still have a long way to go. 
Reporter: I saw a conversation with you and writer Yan Geling (at the University of Frankfurt) last year. Geling said that she did not believe that China would have been like this. What about your observation? Do you have her optimism like her?
Yang Lian: I should also say that I still agree with such a statement, although I will feel that the process will not be so simple. As a historical evolution process, as a cultural transformation process, such a short historical retrogression is actually not surprising. Because of such a process that does not flow, history can step by step, accumulating valuable thoughts or valuable culture. So in this sense I think in a broad sense. If we have opened the one hundred and two hundred years, it is true that this small part of the Communist Party, Xi Jinping’s younger section is actually nothing, but it is in it in Nowadays, they are still very cruelly persecuted, especially everyone who is living now and every young man who is living now. In this sense, each individual is the universe and it is the world. So we have to say that our broad optimism must not replace this very clear and harsh struggle now. Especially when Xi Jinping is more dangerous than Putin, he wants not only against the West. He actually wants to buy the West to differentiate the West and reduce the basic civilization of the entire human. He is actually a more dangerous enemy. 
Reporter: We all said that before the age of eighteen, everyone was a poet, but poetry seemed to be far away for most people's daily life. What do you think of the biggest significance of poetry today?
Yang Lian: I think poetry is the only thing that cannot be politically or overwhelmed by business. Throughout the ages, poetry has existed in the freedom of thought and expression of freedom. There is no poetry without the freedom of thought and freedom. This is the first. Do not need poetry, and poetry does not need business. Excluding the threats of these two aspects, poetry has become the most pure and last base of human spirit. 
Moderator: At the end of the show, Yang Lian wanted to read a poem that he wrote to his younger brother who wrote to the dying brother in Beijing at the end of last year: "Anti -An Soul Song". I am Tang Qiwei, thank you for watching it, you will go again! 
Section 4: 
Seal the empty street full of the city **
** A drop of blood on the way out of the way out.
No flowing from hell to hell black is white 
The shame of words is falling in the eyes of my mother 
Night in Wuhan, Siberia, Wuhan 
Bai has already had a black brother a basic disease called the times 
Naihe Bridge locks infinitely nearly destroyed 
Section 7 
The poisonous petals of the day are cracked and peel off 
A cold iron bed robbing the world 
** Your death is exposed to death and death.
It hurts that mother tongue to hold wild ghosts **
Forgotten noise scrape the future 
** Brother's piles of garbage cannot rest in peace.
The tightly closed iron door is empty and black. 
2022, 12, 24 
On the day of the cremation of my brother 
This poem is also dedicated to all 
People who have lost their lives in China in China 
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/duomeiti/guandian/gd-07112023200057.html 
The European Parliament will increase the supply of self -produced chips 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T09:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:35:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, Strasbourg, 11th) The European Parliament officially approved a plan for the European Union today, which will greatly increase the supply of EU's self -made semiconductor. This strategic goal is to reduce dependence on Asia.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The European Parliament is approved by 587 votes and 10 votes against the EU Chipsact. The goal is to increase the production of chip production by 4 times by 2030, allowing EU chips to reach 20%globally.
In the past few decades, the rise of globalization and Asian manufacturing industry has led to a decrease in European activities in the chip industry.
The chip market is mainly dominated by Taiwan and South Korea. Nine most advanced chips in the world are produced in Taiwan.
The new crown epidemic in 2020 led to paralysis in the Asian supply chain, and the European automobile industry was particularly facing a serious shortage of chips.
Semiconductors are also very important for many other daily necessities such as smart phones and household appliances; green technology that is fully expanded and reducing carbon emissions also requires semiconductors.
In order to achieve the magnificent goal of chip production, the European Union must invest more than 43 billion euros (NT $ 1,480 billion) in public and private investment.
The EU chip bill also requires the EU to invest 3.3 billion euros in the research and development field.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230712-%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E8%AE%AE%E4%BC%9A%E9%80%9A%E8%BF%87%E6%B3%95%E6%A1%88-%E5%B0%86%E6%8F%90%E9%AB%98%E8%87%AA%E4%BA%A7%E6%99%B6%E7%89%87%E4%BE%9B%E5%BA%94%E9%87%8F 
Estonian Prime Minister: NATO can defend the land of the Three Kingdoms 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T09:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:35:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Vilnius, 11th) Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas told AFP today that she believes that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) can prevent Russia from in the Baltic nation after reforming and strengthening East Wing. Any potential attack launched by the border.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 NATO was holding a two -day summit in Lithuania. At the beginning of the meeting, Karas told AFP: "I am convinced that we can defend our land from the first moment and the first trick."
NATO leaders will sign a new regional defense plan in Lithuania's capital Vilnius. This will be the first detailed plan for NATO since the Cold War. How member states will assist in the fragile East Wing area.
As a result of the brutal behavior of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, NATO stated that it will be converted to the Russian border, rather than let it invade the territory.
Caras warned in front of the NATO summit at Madrid last year that Estonia will be destroyed by the Russian army in accordance with NATO's defense plan at the time.
NATO countries have added thousands of military personnel to their east wings in order to respond to any aggression launched by the Moscow authorities more quickly.
Karas said: "Now we have a military plan to implement these decisions, we have shifted from a deterrent attitude to the defense situation. What we have to do is to perform those plans with actual ability, and allies are gradually practicing."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E7%88%B1%E6%B2%99%E5%B0%BC%E4%BA%9A%E6%80%BB%E7%90%86-%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E5%8F%AF%E4%BB%A5%E4%BF%9D%E5%8D%AB%E6%B3%A2%E7%BD%97%E7%9A%84%E6%B5%B7%E4%B8%89%E5%9B%BD%E5%9B%BD%E5%9C%9F 
DHL invests 500 million euros in Latin American to conform to the customer transfer supply chain trend (Free Version) 
Authors: ['奥利弗•特林']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-12T09:07:41+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T04:40:99+08:00
Description: This logistics group is building a new warehouse in other manufacturing centers outside China, such as Mexico, Malaysia and Vietnam.
Images: [" 000187271_pic... "]
Themes: ['DHL', '关注']
Keywords: ['DHL', '供应链', '东南亚', '拉丁美洲', '物流', '运输', '快递']
Type: Article
 German Postal Dunhao Group(Deutsche Post DHL)It will invest 500 million euros in its Latin American business, and the group seeks the demand for expanding the supply chain outside China by using the increasingly growing enterprise.
As companies seek diversification of procurement, the logistics group is building new warehouses in other manufacturing centers outside China, such as Mexico, Malaysia and Vietnam.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100224 
Forty deaths and six injuries in Brazil's fatal shooting 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T09:09
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T09:09
Description: A shooting occurred in a bar in San Paulo, Brazil. Two suspects fired at the bar, causing four people to die, including two minors. Local media reported on Tuesday (July 11) that the case occurred on Monday (10th) at midnight (10th) in a town in southern San Paulo.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['巴西', '枪击案', '酒吧']
A shooting occurred in a bar in San Paulo, Brazil. Two suspects fired at the bar, causing four people to die, including two minors.
Local media reported on Tuesday (July 11) that the case occurred on Monday (10th) at midnight (10th) in a town in southern San Paulo.
According to reports, two suspects came to a local bar on a motorcycle at the time of the incident and fired at the bar after shooting to the bar. The incident also injured the two.
A witness said: "This is very crazy. At that time, everyone stayed quietly in the bar until they fired more than 20 shots to the bar."
Local media reported that the shooting case may be caused by competition between local gangs.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1412976 
Free Version (Free Version) 
Authors: ['史蒂芬•福利']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-12T09:11:57+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T05:11:99+08:00
Description: On the occasion of this dispute, China is increasing the review of Western accounting firms and consulting companies.
Images: [" 000187269_pic... "]
Themes: ['安永', '关注']
Keywords: ['安永', '会计师事务所', 'IT', '地缘政治', '脱钩', '跨国公司', '数据安全']
Type: Article
 According to people familiar with the matter, one of the "four major" accounting firms, one of the forefronts(EY)The Chinese business (hereinafter referred to as the Ernst & Young Da China) has always refused to pay for its global headquarters that has been arrears for more than a year. The cost disputes around IT services. The Ernst & Young Da China District said that the IT service provided by the headquarters cannot be used in China.
At this time, China has issued strict new laws to save more data that is considered to be related to national security in China, which has prompted some Western companies to strip the IT business in China as an option.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100225 
North Korea refers to the US invasion of its airspace, threatening to shoot down the US reconnaissance aircraft 
Creator: CHOE SANG-HUN
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-12T09:28:48+08:00
Description: North Korea issued three issues of consecutive statements to condemn; Kim and Zheng warned the United States to fly over the North Korean exclusive economic zone to infringe on its sovereignty or lead to "serious" accidents. At present, South Korea ’s president is attending the NATO Summit. The United States plans to send nuclear submarines to visit South Korea for the first time in 40 years. Korean Central News Agency, Via Associated Press, North Korean leader Kim Jong -un's sister and spokesman Kim and Zheng said that the sovereignty and security of North Korea "seriously violated" North Korea.
Images: [" 11nkorea-cqpj... "]
Category: 亚太
Type: Article
 According to the official Korean media reports on Tuesday, North Korea threatened military operations on the American spy aircraft on the east coast of the country. At the same time, a U.S. submarine, which can launch nuclear ballistic missiles, plans to visit South Korea for the first time in 40 years.
North Korea is often angry with the US military reconnaissance activities around the Korean Peninsula. But since Monday, it has continuously issued three statements, threatening to retaliate against the so -called "provocative air spy activity" of US reconnaissance aircraft and drones.
On Monday, the North Korean Ministry of Defense accused a US strategic reconnaissance aircraft illegally invading the "invasion of leading" near its east coast this month.
According to the Chaozhong News Agency, "It is not guaranteed that it will not happen that a shocking accident like the US Air Force strategic reconnaissance aircraft is shot down."
In the two separate statements released on Tuesday and earlier on Tuesday, the sister and spokesman of North Korean leader Kim Jong -un, Kim Jong -un, also said that the US reconnaissance aircraft flew over the country's exclusive economic zone and "seriously infringed North Korea's sovereignty "And security". She warned that if this illegal invasion continues, "shocking" or "serious" incidents will occur. In 1969, North Korea shot down a US reconnaissance aircraft, causing all 31 people to be killed on the plane.
Both the Pentagon and the South Korean military have denied that North Korea's statement is not currently accusing. However, officials and analysts in the region are worried that North Korea's continuously upgraded remarks may lead to various military provocations.
The Pentagon said, "We have always carried out actions and safely in accordance with international law responsibility and safely." US State Council spokesman Matthew Miller urged North Korea to "do not upgrade its actions."
South Korea also countered North Korea's response. A South Korean military spokesman said on Tuesday: "North Korea puts forward these claims for domestic purposes, perhaps to make an excuse for launching a provocation." He pointed out that the exclusive economic zone guarantees the freedom of navigation and flight of foreign ships and aircraft.
According to the International Public Law, a country can advocate the right to develop its exclusive economic zone marine resources. This economic waters start from the width base line volume of the 12 nautical miles to 200 nautical miles. sovereignty.
North Korea usually upgrades anti -American remarks before the end of the anniversary of the Korean War on July 27 to strengthen the legitimacy of its nuclear weapon plan. In a statement, the North Korean Ministry of Defense severely criticized the Pentagon's decision to send a nuclear submarine to visit the South Korean port to visit the South Korean port. When President Biden met with South Korean President Yin Xiyue in April, the two sides agreed to strengthen the joint military exercises between the two countries.
On the occasion of North Korea, South Korean President Yin Xiyue was participating in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Summit in Lithuania. It is expected that he will condemn North Korea's nuclear weapon development with the world leaders at the meeting. Before such international gatherings, North Korea usually becomes more provocative.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/asia-pacific/20230712/north-korea-us-submarine/ 
Korean and Japanese leaders will hold talks in Lithuania 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T09:31
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T10:01
Description: South Korean President Yin Xiyue will hold talks with Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishida on Wednesday (July 12) in the capital of Lithuania. Yonhap News Agency reported that the two leaders would meet at the NATO Summit to meet. It is expected that the two parties will focus on discussing the nuclear pollution water of the Fukushima first nuclear power plant.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '韩国', '尹锡悦', '岸田文雄', '北约', '福岛核电站']
South Korean President Yin Xiyue will hold talks with Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishida on Wednesday (July 12) in the capital of Lithuania.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that the two leaders would meet at the NATO Summit to meet. It is expected that the two parties will focus on Fukushima's first nuclear power plant nuclear pollution water drainage problem It is also expected to exchange opinions on the prevention of foreign exchange risks, research and development of high -end technology, stable supply chain, and South Korean, American and Japanese security cooperation.
Yin Xiyue will also host the NATO Asia -Pacific Partner (AP4) Leadership Meeting on the day to jointly discuss cooperation plans to deal with North Korea's provocation, maintain freedom, peace and prosperity. The meeting was attended by the leaders of South Korea, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand.
Yin Xiyue will end the NATO journey on the day and transfer to Poland for a formal visit. He will discuss cooperation in various fields such as military industry, aviation, energy and other fields in the same Bo Fang, as well as helping Ukraine to rebuild his homeland.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1412982 
The hottest week since the earth has exacerbated the concerns about climate change 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (加弗)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T09:55:24+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 01:55:24Z
Description: The preliminary data collected by climate scientists shows that the first week of July was the hottest week since the earth recorded. The temperature around the world was extremely high, and the ocean temperature in some regions was "far higher than" the forecast of the climate change model.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['生态环境', '全球议题']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hottest-week-on-record-intensifies-climate-change-concerns-20230711/7177113.html 
South Korea: North Korea launched a ballistic missile 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T09:58
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:17
Description: The South Korean military said on Wednesday (July 12) that North Korea launched a suspected long -range ballistic missile to the eastern waters of the South Korean Peninsula on the same day. According to the Yonhap News Agency, South Korea ’s United Staff Headquarters said that North Korea fired the missile from Pyongyang at about 10 am that morning. The military is analyzing the missile ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['朝鲜', '弹道导弹', '日本', '韩国']
The South Korean military said on Wednesday (July 12) that North Korea launched a suspected long -range ballistic missile to the eastern waters of the South Korean Peninsula on the same day.
According to the Yonhap News Agency, South Korea ’s United Staff Headquarters said that North Korea fired the missile from Pyongyang at about 10 am that morning. The military is analyzing specific parameters such as missile models and flight distances.
This is since June 15th, North Korea has launched ballistic missiles again after 27 days, and it is also the 12th firing missile in the Korean side this year.
Japanese Defense Director Hamada said that the missile is expected to fall outside the Japanese exclusive economic waters at 11:13 in the morning, and the authorities will further confirm whether it is an intercontinental ballistic missile.
A national defense official in Japan pointed out that the missiles flew for 74 minutes, with a maximum height of more than 6,000 kilometers and a range of 1,000 kilometers. This is the longest launch of the missile test for the longest flight time.
At a regular press conference, the chief official room of the cabinet of Japan, at the regular press conference, reiterated the statement of the Ministry of Defense in Japan, saying that North Korea has mastered the technology of cracking down on Japan with nuclear ballistic missiles.
North Korean leader Kim Jong -un's sister and deputy minister of the Central Committee of the Labor Party made speeches for two consecutive days on July 10th and 11th. The US reconnaissance aircraft warned the United States recently on military reconnaissance activities around the peninsula, and threatened to be alone. North Korea will take military operations to counter.
The Korean military said that the U.S. air reconnaissance is a routine reconnaissance activity. Singh, deputy spokesperson for the US Department of Defense, also said that the U.S. military fully complies with international law norms.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1412992 
South Korea ’s first pair of twin cats and bears broke 670,000 to watch 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T10:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T09:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Seoul, 12th) A zoo in South Korea announced that the country's first birth of twin big cats bears, which has aroused warm online attention. The number of puppets "Aibao" producing sub -production films released on the official channel has exceeded 670,000 times.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This pair of twin puppet sisters spent on the 7th in Everland, near Seoul. On the 11th, the garden announced on the 11th of YouTube.
The mother "Aibao" in the film is giving birth. She rolled around in the cage. The breeder kept encouraging and comforting, and finally gave birth to two big cats.
The garden said that among the twin big cats and bears, her sister weighs 180 grams and her sister weighs 140 grams.
The garden representative said in the statement: "Mother and baby are healthy." He also mentioned that "Aibao" used the experience of taking care of "Fu Bao" to take care of the babies well.
"Fubao" was born in July 2020. It is the sister of twins and the first big cat and bear born through natural breeding through natural breeding.
At present, the YouTube film born of this big cat and bear has received more than 670,000 views, and the audience responded enthusiastically to the arrival of the big cat bears.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E5%8D%97%E9%9F%A9%E9%A6%96%E5%AF%B9%E5%8F%8C%E8%83%9E%E8%83%8E%E5%A4%A7%E7%8C%AB%E7%86%8A%E8%AF%9E%E7%94%9F-%E5%BD%B1%E7%89%87%E7%A0%B467%E4%B8%87%E8%A7%82%E7%9C%8B 
China signs police cooperation with Solomon for details of New Australia's promotion agreement 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T10:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T09:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 12th) Australia and New Zealand urged China to announce the details of the police cooperation agreement signed with the new police cooperation agreement with the Solomon Islands, and pointed out that the Beijing authorities were afraid of pushing the tension in the South Pacific.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Soromon Islands Prime Minister Manassehsogavare visited Beijing this week, and signed 9 agreements, including an agreement that allowed China to send police officers in the Solomon Islands until 2025.
Since the Doron Islands have broken diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 2019, China has paid great attention to Solomon, promised to provide a lot of support and provide gold aid for a series of key infrastructure plans.
Australian Foreign Minister Penny Wong said yesterday that the outside world is worried that the police cooperation agreement between the Solomon Islands and the China may "cause more regional competition."
Huang Yingxian's spokesman said in a statement: "The Solomon Islands and China should immediately announce the agreement and disclose their intentions to Australia and the region, so that the Pacific family can think of this agreement on our common safety."
The Foreign Ministry of Foreign Affairs of New Zealand also expressed uneasy about the matter.
A spokesman said today: "We hope the content of the agreement is public to understand the security impact on the Pacific."
The Solomon Islands are one of the poorest countries in the Pacific. As China, Australia, and the United States compete for regional influence, the Solomon Islands are in the center of continuously upgraded tug -of -war.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E8%B7%9F%E7%B4%A2%E7%BD%97%E9%97%A8%E7%AD%BE%E7%BD%B2%E8%AD%A6%E5%8A%A1%E5%90%88%E4%BD%9C-%E7%BA%BD%E6%BE%B3%E4%BF%83%E5%85%AC%E5%BC%80%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E7%BB%86%E8%8A%82 
Written a handed down work in exile: Writer Milan Kundera died 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T10:03:00Z
Description: With Prague's spring background, Mira Kundera taught us to bear "unbearable lightness in life." He moved to France in the 1970s, exiled for half a lifetime, and lived in two worlds and two languages. He dedicated great works to the world. In 2019, 90 -year -old Kundera was regained by the Czech nationality.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['捷克', '法国', '法国沙尔利周刊枪击案']
Id: 66199573
The famous writer Kundera died of illness on July 11, 2023 at the age of 94. The picture shows a photo of Kundera 1973
(Voice of Germany Chinese) According to the Czech Public Television report on Wednesday (July 12), the famous writer Milan Kundra died at the age of 94. According to AFP, a spokesman for Milan Kundera Hometown Library also said on the same day, "Unfortunately, I can confirm that Mr. Milan Kundera died of illness yesterday (July 11)."
Kundela's work describes people, their thoughts, feelings, and desires. He is best at interpersonal novels. The most famous of which is "Unbearable Light in Life", which describes a triangle love story in the background of the spring background of Prague. In 1984, this novel came out, making Kundela quickly enjoy the world.
For decades, Kundela lived in France. At the end of the 1970s, the Czechoslovak government canceled his nationality and made the country's famous writer an exile. Kundela later joined French nationality. However, at the end of 2019, Kunderla, who once said that "no dream of returning to his hometown," was re -regained in the Czech nationality. ](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/米兰昆德拉流亡半生-重获捷克国籍/a-51528855)
Socialist brand 
Milan Kundera was not only influenced by the Czech culture, but also the experience of being a writer in a socialist country also made him deeply imprinted him. In 1948, in the last year of high school, he joined the Communist Party passionately, and two years later, he was expelled from the party for "hostile thoughts and individualism". The consequence of this incident was that Kundela had to interrupt the university course he had just started-he originally learned music and literature, and later moved to the film school to study director and screenwriter.
In 1953, Kundera published his debut "People: A Vast Garden". In this episode, he thought about communist ideology and social realism. Later, he re -joined the Communist Party and was fired again, so repeatedly.
The Communist Party's accusation of its "individualist tendency" has become the focus at the latest in the 1960s. He created some ironic short stories, and in the 1970s, he became a short story collection "Funny Love". Most of the tragedy stories are intertwined in the unique style of love and politics, seriousness and humor, and relaxing.
In 1973, Milan Kundera and his wife in Prague
Fleeing party membership, exile France 
After the "Prague Spring" in 1968 was brutally suppressed, Kunderla became an unpopular figure. As the supporter of the reform of the Communistism, Kundera was fired in 1969 and was expelled in the party in 1970. His faculty at the Film Academy was also deprived, the drama he created was canceled, his works were removed and prohibited from publishing.
But Kundela was not afraid of review and continued to write. In "Living elsewhere" (1973) and "Farewell to the Yuan Dance" (1976), he liquidated his experience repeatedly joining the Communist Party. He knew that he could not publish his works in Czechoslovakia. Both books are published in France. In 1975, he got a teaching position in Renne, France, and then found a shelter in Paris.
During the exile, Kundela continued to create literary creation and continued to take Czechoslovak as the background. Since he was deported, after publishing "Laughing and Forgetting", Czechoslovakia's leadership could only deprive him of his nationality in 1978. In 1984, Kundela's "Unbearable Light in Life" was published, and it was sold well worldwide, and Kundera was famous for this. The book was later adapted into a movie and succeeded. The starring actor was Juliettebinoche)And Daniel Day-Lewis.
Kunderla's "Unbearable Light in Life" is famous for its worldwide. The book was later adapted into a movie (picture), and it was successful
Literary thinking in the context of philosophical context 
Although Kundela's works "Immortal", "Slow", "identity" and "ignorance" were also valued, they were not as successful as early works. "Slow" and other works are written in French. Some literary critics believe that these novels are philosophical and scattered culture, and others believe that Kundela is a pioneering moral model, a critical criteria for Western European civilization, and postmodernist.
In 2008, Kundera was accused of selling an opposition in the 1950s, He has been locked in a labor camp for many years. It is said that the Czech Secret Police records have related confession. But is the confession really from Kundela? Or is anyone posing as Kundela? Kundera said nothing at the time, and there was no signature on the document.
In 2014, after 10 years of silence, Kundera's novel "Celebrations meaningless" was published. The book describes 4 men's roaming Paris with a humorous and sad Kundela's pen and tell his personal bumps. This long -awaited novel is very popular in Europe, but critics have mixed praise. Some people think that this is a masterpiece, but others think it is aged. This is his last work.
On July 11, 2023, Kundera died at the age of 94.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/曾流亡半生-写下传世之作：作家米兰·昆德拉去世/a-66199573?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
How did Russia grab hundreds of ownership of Ukraine Merlit Popol? (Free version) 
Author: Alistair MacDonald / Oksana Pyrozhok
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T10:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T10:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T05:22:00.000Z
Description: Shortly after the Russian army controlled Melitopol, some people wearing Barakrava wool heads came to many companies in the city. They beat the security guard and announced that these companies had belonged to the new owner. Part of the original owners of these companies are now fighting back.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
In the Ukraine region occupied by Russia, corporate mergers and acquisitions have begun from the visits of masked gunners.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E6%98%AF%E5%A6%82%E4%BD%95%E6%94%AB%E5%8F%96%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E6%A2%85%E5%88%A9%E6%89%98%E6%B3%A2%E5%B0%94%E6%95%B0%E7%99%BE%E5%AE%B6%E4%BC%81%E4%B8%9A%E6%89%80%E6%9C%89%E6%9D%83%E7%9A%84-50f8339f 
The "China Strategy" of the German government is about to be released 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T10:07:00Z
Description: Since the first draft of the Chinese draft draft draft of the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs was exposed last year, it has been in a state of re -evaluation and modification, which is highly confidential to the outside world. Until this principle document was officially released, people knew little about it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['中国战略', '外交部', '总理府', '对华关系']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 66199476
Visit Germany Foreign Minister Belbak and Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang at the press conference
(Voice of Germany) The Chinese strategy of the German government is desperate. According to the "Business Daily" report on Wednesday (July 12) The document that should have been finalized at the cabinet meeting that day was postponed to Thursday due to the NATO summit.
The Business Daily stated that related negotiations and discussions were still conducted on Tuesday. According to people knowing the matter, the parties have reached a compromise on the focus of the dispute. These disputes include: how to formulate extensive transparent rules and how to perform pressure tests for German companies with large -scale Chinese business.
Insiders from the German federal government informed that the document has reached a consensus on the final details, but the German Foreign Ministry of Foreign Foreign Affairs that dominated the document did not respond to the media's inquiry.
If the discussion of the discussion for a long time has been discussed and officially announced on Thursday, it will be the first Chinese strategy in Federal German history as a document. The purpose of the strategy is that in the context of strengthening oppression and increasingly aggressiveness to China, Germany must integrate policies for China so as to be consistent in pace.
The "Commercial Daily" wrote that the problem so far is that the ministries and even some bureau units have maintained some relationship with Beijing, and the practices of federal states, cities and counties here are not the same. The consequences of this phenomenon are: in various fields and different levels, they are inconsistent when dealing with China. Due to its authoritarian rule, China shows a more unified action to the outside world.
At present, the outside world knows very little about this repeated Chinese strategy. After the first strategic draft was leaked to the media last year, the Berlin government improved alert and kept high -level confidentiality on later discussions and negotiations to prevent leakage in content.
is how to re -position relations with China 
What are the first drafts of the draft? 
In November 2022, Ming Mirror Weekly "said the draft China strategic draft drafted by the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs, It has been forwarded to multiple departments related to diplomatic and security policies. At that time, the draft included 59 pages, which covered the attention of human rights issues and sanctions. Military -civilian dual -use products exported to Germany could not be used to infringe human rights and internal suppression. skill improved".
The draft strictly accused Sino -Russian relations, thinking that China did not trust the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, "we observed that China supports Russia's remarks that support anti -Western countries." In the war against Ukraine "Russia".
When it comes to Taiwan, a draft strategy wrote that if Taiwan participated in international organizations, it would not violate the "China" policy. In addition, Germany's requirements for the European Parliament quickly began to assess bilateral investment agreements with Taiwan. The German Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that "such an agreement is consistent with the EU's 'Chinese' policy."
The first draft of China Strategy, which is passed on to the media, also suggested that in the future, the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs will be synchronized with the European Union to define China as partners, competitors and institutional rivals, and "the weight in the latter two aspects will become heavier." At that time, the draft was reposted in the media and some related institutions before the Prime Minister's Palace was recognized.(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德国政府的-中国战略-即将出炉/a-66199476?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
NATO Bulletin follows China's ambitions and coercion China to respond to the facts 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T10:18:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:00:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 NATO Summit was held in Vernis, the capital of Lithuania ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-12T10-18-00-04-00/000001.png) Associated Press picture Audio-LLTTPS://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hcm-07122023095645.html/@stream NATO(NATO)On July 11th, a public bulletin of a strong wording stated that China challenged NATO's interests, security and values with its "ambitions and coercion policies". This bulletin also concerned about China's nuclear strike capabilities. China responded that the content of the NATO summit involved in China ignored the basic facts and deliberately discredited China.
NATO Summit is in Lukewen: China South China Sea Sound Harmly International Order * NATO Secretary -General Warning on China's coercion The NATO Summit was held in the capital of Lithuania. On the evening of the 11th local time, NATO released the communiqué of the summit.
The communiqué focuses on China's extensive political, economic and military tools to increase its global influence and projection power, while maintaining its strategy, intention and military assembly to be opaque. Bulletin criticism has damaged the security of NATO by using malicious hybrid operations and network actions and confrontation speech and false information.
The communiqué states that China tries to control key technology and industries, key infrastructure, strategic materials and supply chains, use its economic leverage to establish a strategic dependence relationship and enhance its influence. China also tries to subvert the rules -based international order in space, network and marine.
NATO Follows Sino -Russian strategic partnership and nuclear strike capability 
NATO also also called on China and Russia to continue to deepen strategic partnerships, calling on China to play the role of the UN Security Council's permanent member of the State, "condemning Russia's war against Ukraine and not providing any fatal aid to Russia."
The bulletin also said, "China is rapidly expanding its nuclear arsenal and diversified it, increasing the number of warheads and cutting -edge carrier systems, to establish a trinity of all -in -one nuclear strike capabilities." NATO said The project's attempt to support the production is the goal of "the Treaty of the Non -diffused Nuclear Weapons". NATO has also urged China to participate in the discussion of strategic risks and improve the transparency of its nuclear weapons policies, plans and capabilities.
The Chinese ambassador responded to NATO's bulletin by question and answer that NATO repeatedly declared that it was a "nuclear alliance" in the bulletin, which would only further exacerbate regional tensions, and the Chinese side focused on this.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg(Jensstoltenberg)To reporters at the summit, "Although China is not the" opponent "of NATO(adversary), But China is challenging the rules -based international order through its 'coercion'. "He also said:" China refuses to condemn Russia's war on Ukraine, threatens Taiwan, and conduct large -scale military construction. "
On July 11, 2023, NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg attended the Summit Press Conference. (Reuters) Song Guocheng, a researcher at the International Research Center of Taiwan Politburo, said in an interview with this station that this year's NATO's communiqué is more clear about the Chinese Russia threats. Among them, the China Nuclear is not transparent, because China has not participated in the nuclear reduction meeting for a long time, and the secret increase has increased secretly. The production of nuclear warheads obviously violates the basic spirit of nuclear tailoring treaties.
He believes that the communiqué reflects NATO's might have made Jedi revenge on Russia and has a deeper sense of crisis. "Since the start of the Russian and Ukraine War, Putin has been doing 'nuclear blackmail", and now it may still perform' nuclear destruction '. If the nuclear country's devastating weapon is added, NATO will bear great pressure.
The United States strengthens the allies partnership to resist China differentiation 
"NATO is a significant extent to continue the United States's" National Defense Strategy Report "last year, which pays attention to China's nuclear weapons (expression). In addition, it is also showed that in the process of competition in the United States, the United States avoids the so -called one -on -one pair with China." Taiwan's national defense security research research Zhong Zhidong, assistant researcher at the Institute of National Security Research Institute of the Academy, made the above.
Zhong Zhidong further analyzed that China's pressure will increase. In the past, as long as China faced the United States alone, it could differentiate European Germany, France and other countries, and even extended to Japan and South Korea through the incentives of the economic market, and even extended to Japan and South Korea to break the impression of creating a single hegemony in the United States. But now the United States Biden government competes with China through allies, instead of fighting alone in the United States. Nuclear threats are no longer concerned about the United States, and now it has also become the attention of the entire NATO.
China opposes NATO East Asia Pacific 
Reuters reported that the capital of Japan and South Korea attended the NATO Summit. This is the second time the Japanese Prime Minister Kishita Kishita participated in the summit to remind the military alliance to pay attention to East Asia's risks. Strengthen international security cooperation."Resolutely oppose NATO 'East Asia -Pacific'!" The Chinese in the European Union stated toughly that any behavior that harmed the legitimate rights and interests of China would be resolutely fighting back.
Song Guocheng pointed out that NATO's obvious qualitative changes and transformations this year not only recognize the threat of the Russian and Ukraine War and China, but also make predictions and preventive measures, propose the strongest warning, but also prepare for the corresponding policies of the future crisis. NATO regains and stronger.
Song Guocheng: "It is no longer limited to the so -called NATO national borders. It also believes that it should be involved in the Asia -Pacific defense, which means that NATO has already crossed the border and participated in other regional security issues. Effect, NATO itself is no longer limited to European defense work. "
However, NATO still expresses constructive contact with China to safeguard NATO's security benefits. However, NATO emphasized that it is responsible for the "systemic challenges" of China's "systemic challenges" composed of Europe-Atlantic security in a responsible way.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Xu Shuting Chen Meihua Shenyi.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hcm-07122023095645.html 
Regarding the current NATO, you should know the seven issues you should know 
Creator: MATTHEW MPOKE BIGG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-12T10:22:08+08:00
Description: NATO held an annual summit this week. Turkey has agreed to enter the Alliance in Sweden. The Russian and Ukraine War will continue to lead the agenda. What kind of organization is NATO? What kind of changes did the Russian and Ukraine War make NATO? This article summarizes seven key issues. BOGDAN CRITEL/EPA, Via Shutterstock Romania Black Sea coast for military bases used by NATO. NATO leaders reached a new strategic consensus at the Madrid summit in June this year, arguing that Russia is its main opponent.
Images: [" merlin_203346... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 NATO national leaders began to hold an annual summit at the capital of Lithuania on Tuesday to respond to the Russian -Ukraine War.
The largest war in Europe has re -activated the organization since its establishment 74 years ago, which has brought it back to the role of the Cold War period during the combat alliance. The Russian and Ukraine War also triggered turtle issues such as providing military assistance to the Ukraine government and applying for joining NATO in Sweden and Ukraine.
One problem has been resolved on Monday night. NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said that Turkey, which has not agreed to join NATO, will no longer stop Sweden from entering the Alliance.
"This is beneficial to all our member states," Stoltenberg said. "This is beneficial to Sweden because Sweden will become a formal member state; this is beneficial to Turkey because Turkey is the NATO allies and will benefit from a stronger NATO."
However, it is expected that other problems will become the highlight of the two -day summit. US President Biden and leaders of other countries will attend the summit. This will be the first time in Finland. It has given up the [neutral policy] that Russia has pursued for a long time(https://www.nytimes.com/2022/02/08/world/europe/ukraine-russia-finlandization.html), Joined NATO this year, becoming the organization's 31st member states Essence The addition of Finland is a striking sign, indicating how to stimulate the Russian and Ukraine War to NATO, which is a bad factor for Russian President Putin. He once regarded NATO East Expansion as one of the reasons to invade Ukraine.
Let's briefly introduce the alliance, and what changes have happened after the invasion of Ukraine in Russia:
What organization is NATO? 
NATO was a collective defense alliance established by the United States, Canada and ten European countries in 1949 after World War II.
The Alliance is based on the 14 Convention Named that all NATO member states must abide by the convention. Among them, the most famous is the fifth one It announced that the attack on a member country was an attack on all member states.
When NATO was established, the Soviet Union was consolidating its dominant position in Central Europe and Eastern Europe, and its strength and ambitions seemed to only show an increase. In the face of this situation, the fifth Convention put Western Europe under the protection of the United States.
advertise
After the disintegration of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s, NATO began to have a broader role. NATO troops are composed of voluntarily sent troops from member states, and in the 1990s perform peacekeeping mission in Persia In 1999, to protect Kosovo bombed Serbia NATO is still in Kosovo in the troops.
NATO's English abbreviation is NATO, French abbreviation is OTAN.
What member states are there in NATO? 
In addition to the United States and Canada, countries that joined NATO in 1949 include Belgium, Britain, Denmark, France, Iceland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, and Portugal.
Later, 19 European countries joined NATO: Albania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Lativia, Heishan, North Malaysia, Turkey, Romania, Slovenia, Slovenia, and Slovenia, and Slovenia, and Slovenia, and Slovenia, Spain.
The addition of Finland added one of the most powerful troops in Western Europe to NATO. At the same time, NATO's commitment to collective defense has now extended to a country with a 1340 -kilometer border with Russia.
advertise
Stoltenberg announced the news of Sweden joining NATO in Vernis. He said that Turkish President Erdogan has revoked opposition to Sweden and will submit the Swedish application to the Turkish Congress as soon as possible.
Who is the leader of NATO? 
Stoltenberg, the former Prime Minister of Norway, has been the Secretary -General of NATO since 2014. It is expected that he will step down in September this year. But last week he announced the consent extend the term of office By October 2024.
The extension of Stoltenberg's term of office makes this controversial problem that does not have to be discussed at the summit, and several possible candidates have appeared in the previous weeks.
These include Estonian Prime Minister Kaya Karas, Denmark Prime Minister Meter Frederikson, British Secretary of Defense Ben Wallace, and the Chairman of the European Commission Ulsula Von Delin.
What changes have taken place in NATO in the Russian and Ukraine? 
advertise
**** French President Macron said in 2019 that NATO had died in brainstick and expressed suspect that the United States had a commitment to the alliance. But since Russia invaded Ukraine in February 2022, NATO discovered that it is meaningful.
Although NATO did not provide military assistance directly to Ukraine, NATO member states have provided Ukraine with tens of billions of dollars of equipment. From the perspective of total amount, the United States is the largest donor country. All member states in NATO each month in Ram Teta, Germany, to discuss military assistance to Ukraine. NATO also help coordination Humanitarian assistance requirements in Ukraine.The Russian and Ukraine War also gave the new core position of member states located in the eastern part of NATO, especially the Baltic countries and Poland, and the latter has gained important new influence within NATO. Poland President Angy Duda was one of the earliest foreign leaders who visited Kiev after the invasion of Ukraine in Russia, and one of the tough supporters of Ukraine. The Polish government also strongly supports Ukraine to join NATO.
Why does Türkiye oppose Sweden to join NATO? 
Sweden broke the neutral policies pursued by Russia, and submitted an application for admission to NATO in May 2022 with Finland in May 2022. However, the president of NATO member State Turkey, Erdogan, has never agreed to let Sweden enter the Alliance, saying that the Swedish asylum and the Kurdish Workers' Party have related Kurdish exiles and refugees.
advertise
President Biden said last week that he "anxiously looking forward to" Sweden to join NATO, although the possibility looked small at the time. Earlier on Monday, Erdogan said that the European Union should first join the European Union for Turkey to join the European Union Open the door, and then Turkey will agree to let Sweden join NATO.
Stoltenberg said that as a part of Sweden joining the NATO agreement, Sweden will help restart Turkish applications to the European Union. The two countries will jointly crack down on terrorism. NATO will set up a new "anti -terrorism coordinator".
Except for Hungary, other member states in NATO support Sweden applications. Hungary said it was waiting for Türkiye to agree.
What is the possibility of Ukraine to join NATO? 
Over the years, joining NATO has always been the core goal of Ukraine's foreign policy, and it is also part of Ukraine's future plan to join the EU and enter the ranks of Western countries. As early as 2008, NATO said that Ukraine would eventually become a member country. Russia's invasion has increased interest relationships, and the Ukrainian government has been in September last year Apply to join NATO Essence
Although Poland and other Eastern European countries are in favor of providing a route map for Ukraine, the United States, Germany and France have always blocked Ukraine to join, because they do not want to take a step in the expansion of war with Russia.
They said that the current primary task should be to provide military assistance to Ukraine, leaving Ukraine to join NATO's problem until it will be resolved in the future. President Biden said in an interview broadcast by CNN on Sunday that Ukraine is still not prepared to join NATO The application procedure is "too early" when the war is still ongoing.
What about other European countries? 
European countries including Ireland and Austria have chosen not to join NATO, usually because they pursue neutral policies.
Another country that borders Russia is not a NATO member country. Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko is Putin's intimate ally. He has allowed Russia to use Belarus as a gathering place to invade Ukraine.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230712/what-is-nato/ 
Kanter: You don't have to become a NBA player to bring changes, starting from resisting "Made in China" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (许湘筠, 郁岗)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T10:24:23+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 03:45:33Z
Description: The U.S. Congress and Administrative Authority (CECC) held a hearing on Tuesday (July 11) to focus on the direct or indirectly helping the Chinese government's human rights violations. Former US NBA player Enes Kanter Freedom testified by his own experience. He criticized the Chinese government to lose his love basketball career because of criticizing the Chinese government. He called on consumers to resist the products produced by China's "sweat factories".
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '国会报道', '人权', '法律', '体育', '美中关系', '劳工']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/you-dont-have-to-be-an-nba-player-to-bring-change-kanter-says-20230711/7177120.html 
When internal consumption becomes inevitable, who is it? Interview with FREE Version, Associate Professor of Sociology of China University of Political Science and Law 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-12T10:30:27+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T02:52:99+08:00
Description: Meng Qingyan believes that people's concepts have been liberated, but people find that they are not so possibilities after real society. This is not a problem in Chinese society today, but a problem that all modernity will be encountered.
Images: [" 000121434_pic... ", " 000187285_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国社会', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国社会', '社会学', '现代化', '内卷', '文化', '教育', '高考']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
From "inner rolls" and "internal consumption" to "lying" and "rot", to "crazy", young people who occupy the right to speak on the Internet try to put themselves in rounds of words in round. The popularity of these new words is inseparable from resonance, which also means that "this is not just a person's problem" -the almost everyone is repeatedly swaying between meaning and nothingness, function and value, ideals and reality, and "lie down flat flat "Inner roll" repeatedly jumped. Why is this? Because this is an inevitable trend after human beings entering modernity. Meng Qingyan, an associate professor of Sociology of China University of Political Science and Law, responded in the new book "Who Questions: Non -Standard Answers in Modern Society".
 After aware of the various problems and helplessness of modern society, how can a sober modern person face a specific life? Where does the courage in the face come from? Regardless of whether it is work or during the communication, Meng Qingyan is not ready to provide a standard answer about "what to do". In his opinion, sociology is the science that overcome blind anxiety, "it is the science of the times."
The following is the full text of an exclusive interview: 
FT Chinese website: "Whose Problem" This book is born from a series of programs of Teacher Meng Qingyan in the "East Cast West Tune", "Social Pathology". The topic of each period of the podcast is closely following the concerns and anxiety of young people, and the drama they watched. What are you going to do these social phenomena analysis? Social phenomena may be an incident that only caused a brief discussion, or it may be a trend that lasted for a period of time. What standards do you choose to analyze objects?
Meng Qingyan: There is no standard. There are two starting points.
I did not directly deal with real problems in my research field. Many of my studies are about the changes in modern Chinese society. Why go to record this podcast? I have been working in 2014 and have been a university teacher. It has been nearly ten years. Although people are old, they have been with young people, making me not so easy to get out of frequent young people in society. In these decade, I have also felt more and more that everyone is more powerful than before. The pressure of young people is increasing. Therefore, I want to talk about how the so -called phenomenon and problems in society come from in a relatively easy way. I am willing to share my views with everyone, even if it is not necessarily correct.
There is another reason. In my opinion, it is "selfish" in my opinion. In the past, traditional scholars said that learning was "learning to learn." Mr. Chen Yinque has a sentence called "Reading is not busy." There are many explanations in this sentence. For example, Mr. Chen never talked about what others said. My own understanding is: Reading is ingenious. Whether it is humanities and social sciences or natural science, learning is essentially related to your own life. From this perspective, sociology is a type of learning that is closely related to our daily life. When the theme of the sowing guest (also in the book), there is a main line: what does modern life mean for each of us? In such a modern situation, what levels and confusion will we encounter? These problems are universal and cross -age. Not only today ’s post -00s and post -90s, including the post -80s and post -80s, they will face similar problems, but the degree and expression are different. Sociology has a deep -rooted idea: that constitutes a topic of sociological research and discussions, it must not be a very personal factor. We believe that many issues are universal.
For example, after reading the "Summer of Little Monster" in the anime "Chinese Strange Talk". I think it describes the "self -cultivation of a supporting role", which tells the fact that modern people are unwilling to admit -each of us is a supporting role, there is no substantial difference. Modern society is a system. Everyone in this system is important but not important, this is the supporting role. Many people often see on the Internet that they will complain about their work and life "meaningless", but in fact, it is at least valuable for the operation of the social system. As soon as the Spring Festival, takeaway and courier brothers are on vacation, and the operation of the social system may slow down. The same is true of other industries. No one can. We will encounter many similar problems in our lives because we are in the same social system. From this perspective, the topic does not come from deliberate design, but my personal understanding of modern life.
The program "Social Pathology" does not chase hot spots. Because hot spots can never catch up. In my opinion, there are no hot spots in modern life. There is nothing new under the sun. Modern social systems are complicated, but its operating logic is constantly evolving in a fixed direction. This podcast and this book are trying to figure out this logic.
In addition, there is another reason to turn audio programs into books -the language logic and text logic of human beings are different. Although it is convenient to use software such as HKUST Xunfei to transform voice into text, it cannot replace the thinking link in the conversion process. I added some new thinking in the process of reorganization and arrangement of the manuscript.
In addition to the above problems, I think there is another important influencing factor, that is, the distance between academic and public is still a bit far away. In fact, the book talks about every theme, such as cyber violence, "workers" trapped in the system, etc., have been studied by many sociologists and economists. These majors are issued on top publications, but most ordinary people will not read these topics. So I have always emphasized that "Who's Problem" is a book of general writing. We are also preparing to record a podcast of this theme.
FT Chinese website: Book attributed the topic as three levels -society, life, and individuals, which is completely different from most sociological entry materials. Move ... Do you have a pre -overall framework when you do these shows? Why do you adopt the structure of "society, life, and individual" to respond to the dilemma in modern society?
Meng Qingyan: Because this is not a textbook. The textbook is written for students who studied this major, which forms a preset that is not stated -all students who have practiced sociology have no choice in the course of "Sociology Introduction/Principles". It is a compulsory course. The new problem facing the humanities and social sciences in the university is: students can not listen if they don't want to listen. Because this is not a compulsory course. So I want to find a way to "cut myself" so that everyone feels that sociology is not particularly far away from me.What is society? Back to the context of Sociology into China, the earliest translation of the word Yan Fu was Yan Fu, and Yan Fu called it "group learning", that is, the knowledge of the group. As long as there are humans, there will be groups, and the group will have a variety of organizational forms -a school, city, rural, race, nation, a language habit, a country ... humans are group -type animals, This sentence can be replaced, human beings are social animals, because humans will invented different groups. Big or small groups of different groups will produce order and generate culture, customs, ideas and systems. Competition between groups and groups will have competition, cooperation, and conflict. Sociology is to study all types of groups, how can its order possible. So I put the "society" in the book as one of the three topics.
Conversely, society is invisible, but it is real and will affect specific people. Since the emergence of social sciences in a broad sense, a tendency has appeared since the 19th century, that is, always hope to imitate natural science and regard phenomena in human society as natural physical phenomena. Sociology is the earliest called social physics, which regards society as an organic body. The problem is that organisms can be dissected. Social organisms can not use surgery knives toatomy, and even you can't see it and cannot be clearly described, because there are too many types of society. In any case, society or group must be composed of a individual. The system and order are realized in the communication between people and people, and in turn act on people. We must never leave the individual when we discuss society.
The word "life", I don't know if it is accurate. I also hope that sociology is from the situation in life rather than from the concept. In college education, concepts must be mastered by students, but if we regard sociology as a knowledge system that can be meaningful to the public, it is important to return to life itself.
When we discuss general issues, avoid words that ordinary people do not understand. I often say that knowledge is not power. Knowledge has nothing to do with your life and life, it is nothing. For non -social majors, the level of liberal arts is omitted, the more likely the knowledge will be related to life and become powerful things, not "useful" things.
Sociology is the integrity of the times to deal with the great changes in the times. What is a great change in the times? Sociology was born in the 18th century. At that time, human civilization started the modernization process -steam engines were invented, industrialized, and ethnic countries appeared. The entire world began to have industrial production and capital operations as the core. This process has been extended to all aspects of human life, making people feel that their lives are different from the life of the Middle Ages, and the life of the feudal society is different. As a result, people call it "modern life." There are various problems in modern life, and people do not know how to face it, so they have sociology. The work I do is to go back to the origin of sociology -we have a huge challenge for our universal fate. Sociology is not to deal with social knowledge, but to the science of the times. 
FT Chinese website: "Abstract society, suspended life, hollow individual", three adjectives sound a bit bitter and helpless. The cover also says "use social thinking to fight mental internal consumption". I think the internal consumption itself has its own value, but it is not so happy. So the root cause of modern people is the characteristics of "modern"? Will "modernity" go to a general reality of bitterness? Is "mental internal consumption" a psychological process that most modern people are at the moment, especially in today's Chinese society?
Meng Qingyan: Yes, it is almost an inevitable process. Human beings have developed from the Middle Ages and feudal society to the present, and there are two or three most original problems.
Since the Renaissance to the Enlightenment and the Chinese New Culture Movement, my good friend and Mr. Li Yan, a good friend of my good friend, and the Department of Political Science at the University of Political Science and Law, said that "uppercase people" stood up and people can dominate their own destiny. Before the first element of modernity, people did not exist in the situation of "dominating self -destiny", nor did they consider who was dominating themselves? Human destiny is dominated by religion, monarch, clan and blood. For example, Aristotle said "people are animals in the city." One of the main tasks of the city -state is to cultivate the courage of people, and to cultivate the courage to sacrifice people for the city -state.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100223 
Asian stocks rose more, markets are waiting for the United States to announce inflation data 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T10:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T10:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 12th) The Asian stock market rose more today, and investors waited for the United States to announce important inflation data later today. The Hong Kong stock market is expected to launch the latest economic measures in the market today and continue its previous rise.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Chinese authorities have hinted that the long -standing actions that have suppressed the technology industry have been ended. At the same time, Beijing officials also said that they will help the real estate developers who are in trouble. The Asian stock market has generally risen this week.
The National Australia Bank analyst Rodrigocatril said: "Overall, China's (economic) data and news themes, coupled with market response, highlight the challenges of the Beijing authorities in the case of weak demand. ","
"To be more optimistic about China, the market must see a substantial financial expenditure announcement."
The United States will announce the price index of consumer today, and the market estimates will slow down. The United States will announce the producer's price index tomorrow.
STEPHENINNES, an analyst of SPI Asset Managemen (SPI Asset Managemen), said: "Investors seem to be layout for the core and overall inflation. The key is whether the data will defeat the market expectations and attract the attention of the Fed. "
The Hong Kong stock market has once again performed again under the drive of science and technology stocks. The Hang Seng Index closed up 1.1%to 18860.95 points. The Shanghai Comprehensive stock price index closed down 0.8%to 3196.13 points. The Nikkei 225 index closed down 0.8%to 31943.93 points.
As for other Asian stocks, Sydney, Singapore, Seoul, Taipei, Manila, and Jakarta also closed up.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230712-%E4%BA%9A%E8%82%A1%E6%B6%A8%E5%A4%9A%E8%B7%8C%E5%B0%91-%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E9%9D%99%E5%BE%85%E7%BE%8E%E5%85%AC%E5%B8%83%E9%80%9A%E8%86%A8%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE 
China & Quot; Nine Section Line & QUOT; Touch the bottom line Vietnam intends to report to the country to report the infringing video 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T10:45:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:04:30-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On July 10, 2023, a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Vietnam pointed out at a regular press conference that in Vietnam, printing materials and products containing the "nine -segment line" were violated Vietnamese law and were not accepted. " Reuters video screenshot Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaODao/junshiwaijiao/hx1-07122023232.html/@@stream The Hollywood live -action movie "Barbie" and the Chinese TV series "Stroke to the Wind", due to the map of the "Nine Section Line" of the South China Sea, was banned and ordered to remove from the streaming platform. The Vietnamese authorities also revealed that they are preparing to establish a national reporting mechanism to correct errors.
"Nine Section Line" has an accident again, Wang Kai eats in Vietnam Vietnam's New Hague Arbitration Court Division Beijing South China Sea War Wolf encountered new opponents Vietnam for banned Hollywood movies on the grounds of "Nine Section" Last year, the Hollywood movie "Mysterious Sea" was blocked by the Vietnamese government because of the controversy of the nine -segment line map. This summer, "Barbie", the new film "Barbie", was banned by Vietnam by Vietnam due to the emergence of China that claims to have sovereignty in the South China Sea. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning responded on July 4 that the country should not link the South China Sea issue and link with normal humanistic exchanges.
The new film "Barbie" in Warner Corporation, the United States, was banned by Vietnam for its release of nine -segment maps that claimed to have sovereignty in the South China Sea. (Agence France -Presse) Vietnamese fans also discovered that the Korean women's group Blackpink, which will host a concert at the end of July, has the website of the "Nine Section Line" map of China's "Nine Section Line" map. The Vietnamese cultural department ordered whether the organizer was suspected of supporting the "nine sections" on the 5th. The organizer then apologized and promised to delete. Some Facebook and TIKTOK netizens launched a boycott of the concert.
"Nine Section Line" controversy to the international entertainment industry 
The controversy of the Sino -Vietnamese nine -stage line was extended from film and pop music to the album. The Vietnamese Film Bureau announced on the 10th that the Chinese drama "Walking to the Wind" at least 9 episodes were placed in the "Nine Section Line" maps in China. Vietnam's "Film Law" stipulates that the Vietnamese government has ordered the streaming platform Netflix and Vietnam FPT Telecom to remove the platform. The Netflix subscriptions registered outside Vietnam can still be watched.
The Vietnamese Film Bureau announced that even if the FPT has blurred the nine -segment line map screen, this TV series still has "inappropriate content" that must be removed.
Vietnam adopts a post -event review system on the Internet or community platforms. Vietnam Film Director Vi Kienthanh said that the Vietnamese Film Bureau set up a working group to manage the film and check the two -class inspection per day. Because the number of online films is huge, it can only be sampled and difficult to get dripping. Now establishing a reporting mechanism, inviting the whole people to be the "pension team", and the audience who discovered the problem film to help the authorities help the authorities find out the "wrong illegal" films on the Internet.
Huang Zongding, an expert in the South China Sea issue and an associate researcher at the Taiwan Institute of National Defense and Safety, accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia that Beijing's announcement of the Nine Section Line has impacted the interests, free navigation rights, and fishery rights of the nine sections.
Huang Zongding for example: "Some Chinese people went to Vietnam. When customs clearance, the passport involved a page of pressing pages of the nine sections of the South China Sea, which was written by Vietnamese officials. In addition, Chinese passengers traveling to Vietnam, wearing T, printed on the nine section of the South China Sea The shirt was stopped by the Vietnamese police at the airport and was asked to replace and confiscate the T -shirt. "
Vietnam Anti -China Qi Qi 
Huang Zongding pointed out that the ruling of the regular arbitral tribunal in Hague in 2016 clearly revealed that Beijing's claiming the nine section of the South China Sea's sovereignty was not a legal basis.
Huang Zongding said: "Beijing uses the so -called 'historical rights' in the South China Sea, including the demands of biological and non -biological resources, which is actually incompatible with the United Nations Convention in the Marine Law in 1982. There is an endorsement of this arbitral tribunal, which is where Vietnam has a legal position and a confidence. "Huang Zongding said that only China has advocated the so -called "nine -segment line" territorial sovereignty. Direct interest -related countries, including Vietnam, the Philippines, Indonesia, Brunei, Taiwan, etc. in the South China Sea, do not recognize the claims of the so -called nine -segment line in China. Most European and American countries are also standing in the position of supporting the South China Sea arbitration.
Huang Zongding pointed out that the Vietnamese government has banned the nine -segment line of China in the film, which is not the first time. "Vietnam's sovereignty in the South China Sea is indeed limited that the weapons that can fight against China are indeed limited. In practice, confrontation with China is usually in Vietnam. , Often Vietnam falls into the wind. Vietnam can play in the South China Sea through legal warfare and public opinion war. "
** Beijing has declared "the South China Sea is China" and "Taiwan is China" through film and television culture.
Taiwanese film scholar Qi Longren accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia and said: "Just like the Hollywood film" Defending Soldier "protagonist Tom Cruise's jacket appeared" the Qing Tian Bai Sun Banner of the Republic of China "was banned in mainland China. Islamic music videos were detained by the police while entering the Kuala Lumpur Airport. "
Qi Longren said that this kind of sensitive issues such as sovereignty, nationalism and other sensitive issues, ideological movies, drama, and popular music to touch sovereignty, nationalism, etc. are directly ordered to ban broadcasting. It is more common in centralized countries. Quarrel. For example, many European and American films involved in Tibet and Hong Kong are not allowed to be released in China, and some are required to cut off the pictures that do not match the ideology of the authorities to re -examine.
Qi Longren analyzed that Vietnam's similar way of replenishing the dead sheep highlights that it is not strict at the source, and the check is not strict. The ideological examination is not so strict. Only after the online circulation is needed to launch a national report. The Chinese government adopts an advance review and quota system. Through the censorship, it must meet the official "main theme".
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting Shenyi.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx1-07122023103232.html 
The Foreign Minister of Thailand said he met in Myanmar to meet with Wengshan Suji 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T11:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T10:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Jakarta, 12th) Thai Foreign Minister Dong En told reporters today that he met with Myanmar's democratic leader of the Democratic leader last week. This is the first time that Wengshan Suji was detained after being detained in 2021, and met with foreign envoys for the first time.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Don Pramudwinai told reporters during the Southeast Asian National Foreign Minister's meeting held in Jakarta, Indonesia, "There is indeed such a meeting, her health is very good, that is a good meeting."
The coup on February 1, 2021 ended Myanmar's short democratic experiments, causing this Southeast Asian country to fall into a bloody turmoil. After the coup, Wengshan Suji has been detained.
The 78 -year -old Wengshan Suji won the Nobel Peace Prize. After the coup, she was accused and was sentenced to 33 years in prison by the military government court. The human rights organization criticized her trial at all.
Dong En confirmed that he met Wengshan Suji on the 9th, and she called on Myanmar's internal talks to make the current crisis end.
Dong En said, "She encourages the conversation."
After Myanmar had a coup, I only saw Wengshan Su Ji once, and she appeared in a photo taken by the official media in court.
Foreign diplomats have repeatedly requested to meet with Wengshan Suji, but they were rejected by the Myanmar military government. During her trial, her lawyer was banned from being interviewed by the media.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E6%B3%B0%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%96%E9%95%BF%E7%A7%B0%E8%B5%B4%E7%BC%85%E7%94%B8%E4%B8%8E%E7%BF%81%E5%B1%B1%E8%8B%8F%E5%A7%AC%E4%BC%9A%E9%9D%A2 
To be young people to establish the correct view of employment, the People's Daily to attract the people 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T11:03:00Z
Description: Regarding the employment difficulties currently encountered by young people in China, the People's Daily published an article this week to encourage young people to work hard and "establish the correct outlook on employment." After this article was published, it attracted the vomiting of many netizens.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['专题报道：中国经济何处去？']
Keywords: ['就业难', '失业率', '劳动力市场', '应聘', '中国经济', '青年失业']
Id: 66200003
Chinese young people participating in the job fair (information photo)
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Since the Chinese government has relaxed the epidemic prevention policy at the end of last year, although its overall domestic economic situation has recovered, the degree of recovery has not been as expected. In addition to the endless consumption atmosphere in recent months, the high loss rate of young people in China also set a record Essence
The Chinese official media "People's Daily" published a comments on July 10 "Establishing the Correct Employment Outlook" and called on young people to go to "the most needed places in the motherland and the people to play light and heat. It will obtain the spiritual wealth of life -long life in the grassroots level. " The article mentioned that college graduates should "establish the correct outlook on employment, find their own career positioning and struggle direction", "Positive employment concept is a catalyst and accelerator of smooth job hunting, ... let yourself find a suitable job faster"
The article also shouted to young people: "The appearance of youth is the appearance of ideal, daring to take responsibility, can endure hardships, and be willing to struggle." It also pointed out that "in various fields such as rural revitalization, green development, social services, and the sideways of the country. In terms of work, scrambling to be the vanguard and the vitality army can also achieve the value of youth, and can also lay the cornerstone for the struggle of a lifetime. "
However, this inspirational article full of positive energy has been questioned and voiced by many netizens in social media after its release. Although the comments on this article on the People's Daily Weibo page are not public, many netizens' comments have been accumulated under the posts of online media that reposted articles such as Zhongxin Jingwei and the Financial Association.

"People who enjoy blessing teach people to endure hardships" 
Some people "do not know what they write, but everyone knows what it writes", "People who enjoy blessings teach people to suffer", "Young people do not" go forward ", they can't" be quiet in the years "." Essence Some people also pointed out that the descendants of the children of the central committee members should first establish the correct outlook on employment. Some netizens recommended themselves: "Petroleum tobacco tax and electricity banks have loses huge losses all year round. I am willing to go to these places to fight and use my efforts to turn these units in the motherland into profit."
After the publication of "Establishment of the Correct Employment", a post on the knowledge and answer network platform "Zhihu" also appeared on the post of "How to Look at the People's Daily" Establishing the Correct Employment "? 815 answers.
Some people criticize this article "Like" Slow Employment ", turning passiveness into active, attributed the problem of social unemployment rate to the incorrect view of employment. Just a few tricks when you come and go?" The netizen summarized the meaning behind the article: "Everyone is going to be a cattle and horses, the money is not much money, and the money is glowed with love. The money flows to people who do not lack money. People who have suffered. As long as you can suffer, you will have endless suffering in your life. "Some netizens click on this article that causes the group to make a group ridicule:" Now young people are no longer like their grandparents who are the same. It is easy to be extorted by PUA, after all, the experience of the two generations is completely different. "
Policy Save "graduation is unemployment" 
According to China's official unemployment rate data, the unemployment rate of people in the age of 16-24 this year was 20.8%, breaking the previous records, and many fresh graduates laughed at themselves as "graduation and unemployment." One of the reasons that caused the unemployment rate of young people than the overall unemployment rate was that the authorities rectified China ’s science and technology, education, entertainment, and real estate industries during the epidemic period, which made the technology industry giants including Tencent announced a large layoffs-and these Enterprises are often the main force of employment for young people who have received higher education.
In order to reduce the unemployment rate, the Chinese government has also introduced specific policies to announce the implementation of a half -year employment counseling plan from July to December this year to assist college graduates and unemployed young people who have not found jobs. The plan named "Tackling Youth Employment Services such as college graduates in 2023" will strengthen policy implementation and strive for "unable to employment graduates with willingness to employment" and "registering unemployed youth" Employment or employment preparation activities.
However, whether government policy can work, it still needs to continue to observe. "China Beige Book" executive director Shehzad Qazi said, " In the next few years, the problem of unemployment of young people in China may only become more and more serious. "Asian Labor Review" researcher and Editor's Editor Kevin Lin also told DW: "For young people in China, it may now be the most difficult period for re -employment or finding the first job in the past 20 years."
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/要青年树立正确就业观-人民日报引众嘲/a-66200003?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Witness the 66th year of friendship President President President Cai Yingwen 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T11:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T15:47:03-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 President Tsai Ing -wen in Taiwan visited the President Paniah Paniansi Paniah Pania, a President Paniansi in the Presidential Palace on July 12. (Provided by the presidential palace of Taiwan) Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/gangtai/hx2-071223138.html/@stream The president of the Republic of Banban, Taiwan, was elected as President of the Republic of Paraguay.
Paraguay as the president promised to strengthen the relationship between Taiwan * Cai Yingwen and Pannia, hope to deepen Taiwan's diplomatic relations with Paraguay ** Paraguay completed the presidential election claim that the candidate who broke the diplomatic relations with Taiwan was defeated President Tsai Ing -wen mentioned on the 12th when he met Panania President Punia on the 12th that when she took office, she went abroad to visit Paraguay for the first time. For the first time, Punia also chose Taiwan to show bilateral friendship. The 66th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations in Taiwan is meaningful in Taiwan.
 
Tsai Ing -wen said: "In the past few years, Taiwan and Paraguay have supported each other, have spent the epidemic challenges, and faced the expansion of authoritarianism. I also look forward to Taiwan and Paraguay standing together on the democratic free line to contribute to the world's peaceful and stable development."
Tsai Ing -wen mentioned that in recent years, Taiwan Pakistan has deepened his partnership in various fields such as medical care, women's empowerment, and enterprise development. Taiwan's team's expeditions hope to have cooperation opportunities in electric vehicles, food processing, and textile industries.
In Taiwan, President Tsai Ing -wen visited the President President President Pana Pana Palacios in the Presidential Palace on the 12th. (Provided by the presidential palace of Taiwan) Punia: Never compromise with values and common ideals 
"It is definitely not accidental to visit Taiwan to visit Taiwan. The visit 5 weeks ago, there was a very clear goal. The first was to express the deepest thanks to President Tsai and the people of Taiwan. The ideal goal will never compromise. "
Punia promised to stand with Taiwan. He said: "In the next five years, it will definitely stand on the side of the Republic of China and Taiwan, and hope that the relationship between the two parties will develop closely."
Punia mentioned that he arrived in Taiwan for the first time in 1999. At that time, he was still a student and learned how to counsel the development of small and medium -sized enterprises. 24 years later, he visited Taiwan as a president's election and deepened Taiwan's scenery.
Punia said that Paraguay and Taiwan have complicated and difficult to handle international affairs with neighboring countries. In the next five years, they will strive to allow Taiwanese companies to invest in Pakistan, not to cooperate with the purpose of politics and diplomacy, but to benefit from economic and trade. He also invited Cai Yingwen to visit Paraguay after he stepped down.
The members of the Paraguayan regiment include important cabinets such as Foreign Minister, Minister of Finance, Minister of Industry and Commerce, Secretary -General of the Presidential Palace. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China emphasizes Mao Ning in principles of the first China: "All countries will sooner or later recognize the Qing Dynasty's international trend" 
To the visit to Taiwan, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Mao Ning responded at a press conference on the 10th that "there is only one China in the world. ", Emphasized that adherence to a Chinese principle is international righteousness, people's hearts, and general trend." We believe that the country will recognize the general trend sooner or later and make a decision in line with historical trends. "
There are currently only 13 AIAs left in Taiwan. Paraguay is only AIA in South America, while Central America has Belis and Guatemala. The Caribbean Sea and the Pacific each have 4 Friends, Africa and Europe.
Ding Shufan, a honorary professor of the University of Politics in Taiwan, accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia that Taiwan's diplomatic situation was difficult. "When the Paraguay election voted a while ago, everyone was very worried that would he break off with Taiwan. As a result, Peony was elected, so he quickly invited him to visit Taiwan, at least stabilizing the relationship first."
Beijing, which has a deep relationship with Taiwan, has also increased its efforts. Will it be possible to break AIA before the Taiwan election in the next six months? Ding Shufan analyzed: "It is possible. Xi Jinping has been like this in the past. Before the digging, a bunch of short checks had been issued. After digging over, how the actual situation was another matter."
Ding Shufan mentioned that Duterte, the former President of the Philippines of Chinese Friendship, ate a lot. After taking office, he visited China. Xi Jinping had issued a large check and later did not fulfill it.
Scholar: Will the shy Taizi Yingbang in the Chinese economy still be fooled? 
Ding Shufan said: "Duterte began to complain publicly in the first half of the year in office, and I asked the Philippine friends how to do it? The other party said that China had a bunch of short checks that did not fulfill it, and Duterte was difficult to explain. Macos last year. In the selection, this year, when I went to China this year, China issued another $ 200 billion investment commitment. In fact, many of them were those things that repeated during the Duterte period. At first glance, the Philippines knew that Beijing was holding a short check again. "
Ding Shufan said that in March this year, Honduras, who had broken diplomatic relations with Taiwan this year, asked Beijing to help him build a railway from the east bank to the west coast. It is said that it cost more than $ 200 billion. Honduras's GDP a year is only more than 20 billion US dollars. Chinese people are worried that can Hong Guo get debt? China is now very cautious after all. However, China is a big country in the United Nations and has its advantages. The Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs still must strictly prevent it and be dug away.
Ding Shufan analyzed that China ’s own economic situation is very bad, and the opening check is not surprising, but should those countries go to him? Besides, China may not be needed by China, and such cases occur in Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting Shenyi.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx2-07122023110138.html 
Hong Kong Police resolved in Mainland China to implement sitting on the wanted 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T11:06:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:02:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On the flyover of Hong Kong people, the flag and the Hong Kong Special Economic Zone Flag Associated Press picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec-07122023073011.html/@@stream The Hong Kong National Security Police quoted the consecutive punishment imposed by the family members of the opposite people and took away the wanted Luo Guancong's family. Xu Zhifeng, who is also on the wanted list, criticized the Hong Kong police and emphasized that threats will not be effective.
Hong Kong National Security Law issued a wanted order after the Hong Kong Guoan Police took away Luo Guancong's question in Hong Kong * The third anniversary of the National Security Law is wanted eight people in the name of "endangering national security" 
The Hong Kong Guoan Police had another action. On Tuesday (July 11), in the residence of Tung Chung, he took away the investigation of 2 men and 1 woman in suspicion of assisting those who fled and continued to engage in national security behavior. The police did not disclose the identity of the person who was taken away, but many Hong Kong media quoted the news, saying that the Guoan police went to Luo Guancong's old residence and his father's residence in the early morning to take his parents and brother.
Before the National Security Police took less than 3 hours, before the holding of Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao, the media told the media that the actions of overseas Hong Kong people have made new progress. Police have received some information to expand intelligence collection and cracking down on the network.
Li Jiachao: "The investigation will only increase. Everyone should be a mouse crossing the street. It is good to avoid it. If there is information, it must be provided to the police. At present, the police have received some information. "
Luo Guancong, who was overseas, responded to the recent actions of the Hong Kong police through Facebook, saying that he had no money with relevant persons. His work overseas had nothing to do with relevant persons. Criticizing the so -called assistance of the Hong Kong police was nonsense.
 
Xu Zhifeng approved the National Security Police in accordance with the political stance, as in order to apply for a certain person in accordance with Beijing instructions 
Xu Zhifeng, a former member of the democratic faction, who was wanted with Luo Guancong, criticized that the National Security Police took action against Luo Guancong's family in accordance with the political position.
Xu Zhifeng: "It is extremely unfair. Rong Haien has admitted that her husband had been connected with Yuan Gongyi. The police had enough evidence to ask Yuan Michang to help the investigation, but the Guoan police did not do this. On the contrary, Luo Guancong said that he had said with his family several years ago. Disiting the relationship, his family was taken away by the police in the early morning. The purpose of obvious action was to harass Luo Guancong's family, or even approved intimidation. "
Xu Zhifeng estimates that the Hong Kong Government's actions have Beijing instructions. It also said that pressure on relatives of the disgraceful is the usual method of maintaining stability in China. The purpose is to keep them silent.
Former Legislative Council member Xu Zhifeng. (Exclusive provided by Xu Zhifeng) Xu Zhifeng: "The Hong Kong Government knows that 1 million reds are helpless to arrest 8 people, including me, and using this kind of sitting method is obviously Beijing's instructions. , To find hostages and psychological warfare, first harass Luo Guancong's family, implying that if he is not as follows, he will take further action to force Luo Guancong to say. This is an obvious example of Hong Kong's rituals. Someone is worried, but our will is still firm. "
Comment: Recently, the actions of overseas strangers are related to the establishment of the Hong Kong and Macao Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China 
Current affairs commentator Sanpu said that in the past week, from the China Union and the senior management of the Hong Kong Government to the National Security Police, they all actively actively stated their opinions and suppressed those who were unusual. They believed that they were established with the Central Hong Kong and Macao Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and each person was anxious to express loyalty.
Sanpu: "The Hong Kong and Macau Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China is not the other signboard, but a trend of implementing institutional reform. It is a rectification of personnel replacement. Each of the Hong Kong government is not voice. Well, it shows the spirit of daring to fight, so a series of general guidelines are basically to express their loyalty to express their loyalty, and the spirit of the Cultural Revolution is so -called. "
Sanpu believes that the Hong Kong Government shall be punished in a row, and at the same time, the relatives and friends of the disgusting people are encouraged to report it.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shushen Shenyi.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec-07122023073011.html 
Column | Labor Communication: Shougang Industrial Park Cultural and Creative Building Project Wage Disputes in Fengtai District, Fengtai District, Beijing (6) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T11:09:06-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T11:09:06-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Photo: RFA AUDIO-LINK: https: // Woohoo. Hair dye .org/mandarin/column/labor communication/good place -07122023110708.html/@@ stream From the end of December last year to early May this year, more than 30 construction carpenters from different provinces, in the project support of the Cultural and Creative Building of Shougang Industrial Park, Shougang Construction Group, Fengtai District, Beijing. However, until the project was completed on May 5, the salary was still not settled, and it was still owed to more than 300,000 yuan.
Migrant workers' salary representative Ye Xiangming went online Post for help Said, they "Find Shougang Construction Group for working money, Shougang lets the labor service company ask for, the person in charge of the labor service company calls not to answer, send text messages, and go to the Labor Supervisory Brigade of Fengtai District, Huaxiang. There can be results in a month. " I called Zhang Rui, the person in charge of the project department left by the worker's salary post to express the attention of the media, and said with a sneer and said: Ha, then you pay attention!
Shougang Erzhong Industrial Park Creative Building Project, December 2018 was the Beijing Development and Reform Commission approval of projects , Construction Unit is Shougang Construction Investment Co., Ltd., General Contracting Unit It is Shougang Construction Group Co., Ltd..
According to information on the website of Fengtai District Government, Shougang Eryo Industrial Park Cultural and Creative Building Project site construction site in June last year, a death worker injury accident occurred. Accident Investigation Report](http://www.bjft.gov.cn/ftq/c100014/202212/bc27ae2621184a46811f95bb6b78ee7b.shtml)The responsibilities that the general contracting project department should bear only the word. As a result, half a year later, the Beijing Housing and Construction Commission went to the construction site safety inspection, also found a number of serious safety hazards Essence
As the head of the project department of Shougang Construction Company, Zhang Rui can be exempted from being held accountable after death. Secretary Jin Wei was promoted to Beijing Deputy Mayor two years ago](http://district.ce.cn/newarea/sddy/202011/28/t20201128_36058987.shtml)We don't know.
In addition, in February this year, the Workers' Daily issued a report with the title " Beijing Fengtai Trade Union fully improves the sense of happiness of industrial workers "The report quoted Wang Zhenhua, the chairman of Fengtai District Federation of Trade Unions, said," To enhance the sense of gain and happiness of industrial workers, the first is to establish the owner of the industrial workers in the system. " The Federation of Trade Unions specially hired a professional law firm. In 2022, 101 legal aid cases were accepted by the union, 100 lectures on law publicity lectures were carried out, and 25 enterprises also carried out free medical examination services for the rule of law to effectively safeguard employees' rights and interests.
In addition, according to Qianlong.com, in order to achieve "where the migrant workers are friends, where they have their warm home", Fengtai District has established 7 "[Home of Migrant Workers] who moved with the construction site of the construction site.(http://society.yunnan.cn/system/2022/08/26/032249445.shtml)"There are 173 such homes in Beijing.
Wang Zhenhua, chairman of the Fengtai District Federation of Trade Unions, said that "Beijing Fengtai Trade Union is fully improved to improve the sense of happiness in industrial workers." There are their warm home ", and the money of taxpayers has established so many homes." So, the union claims that these work and achievements they have done have nothing to do with industrial workers who have owed wages in the construction site of Fengtai District? In other words, these are the slogans that must be shouted, and have nothing to do with the rights and interests of the construction industry workers?
Please listen to the workers' salary representative Ye Xiangming's conversation with me.
Does the union go to the union to know this?
Please listen to these questions and talk to the Changzhen community staff.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/laogongtongxun/hdf-07122023110708.html 
The U.S. extension to the emergency state of Hong Kong has resolutely opposed this 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T11:11:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:03:12-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 U.S. President Biden issued an administrative order on July 11, and once again extended the former President Trump in July 2020. In response to the implementation of the "Hong Kong Edition National Security Law" in response to the implementation of the "Hong Kong version of the National Security Law", he issued an emergency order to Hong Kong and maintained suspension of suspension. Or cancel special treatment for Hong Kong. Reuters Information Picture Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/junshiwaijiao/gf 07122023446.html/@stream The White House in the United States announced that it will extend the emergency state of the implementation of the "Hong Kong Edition National Security Law" to the emergency state of Hong Kong to one year to July 14 next year. President Biden believes that Beijing has weakened Hong Kong's autonomy and pose an unusual threat to the United States.
Freedom again: Former members of Hong Kong, members of Hong Kong are arrested for press freedom and innovation low The third anniversary of the National Security Law is wanted eight people in the name of "endangering national security" Hong Kong's "47 cases" was postponed by the trial to extend the emergency state of the country in Hong Kong U.S. President Biden issued an administrative order on July 11, and once again extended the former President Trump in July 2020. In response to the implementation of the "Hong Kong Edition National Security Law" in response to the implementation of the "Hong Kong version of the National Security Law", he issued an emergency order to Hong Kong and maintained suspension of suspension. Or cancel special treatment for Hong Kong.
Biden criticized that the Chinese government took measures to destroy Hong Kong's autonomy, and then threatened great and unusual threats to the national security, diplomacy, and economy, so it was necessary to maintain relevant measures.
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong has expressed strong dissatisfaction and resolute opposition to Biden's decision, arguing that the United States' practices are unreasonable and interfered with China's internal affairs and Hong Kong affairs.
Zhong Jianhua, former assistant professor of the Department of Applied Social Sciences of the Hong Kong Institute of Technology, said that after the implementation of the "Hong Kong Edition National Security Law", the Hong Kong government lacked accountability, the parliament lacked checks and balances of public opinion, and the legal system and civic society were damaged. He took a yacht owned by the Russian rich man Mordasov, which was sanctioned by Europe and the United States in October last year as an example. At that time, some media quoted US State Council officials to warn Hong Kong that they should not be used as a shelter that evades sanctions. If they do not take action on yachts, they doubt the transparency of Hong Kong's business environment.
Hong Kong scholar Zhong Jianhua (pictured) said that the "Hong Kong Edition National Security Law" made Hong Kong cover the sky alone. ((((((, The shooting date is unknown) Zhong Jianhua: This is of course related to the "Hong Kong Edition National Security Law". If Hong Kong still has a more effective Legislative Council, at least Russian rich yachts will stop in Hong Kong. Hong Kong becomes active. With the launch of effective parliamentary, civic society, and media, there will naturally be members of the lawmakers asking the government to submit relevant data, and the media will also conduct tracking and investigation. Lack of these, the Hong Kong government can cover the sky alone. Hand covering the sky is actually equal to the CCP's hands to cover the sky. "
Li Jiachao: If the nuclear wastewater discharge sea, it will expand the restrictions on imported food in Japan 
In addition to the United States, the Japanese government also feels the impact of the Hong Kong Edition National Security Law on Hong Kong. The first month of the Fukushima first nuclear power plant in Japan will discharge nuclear sewage through the underwater pipeline. The Hong Kong government's response is normal. The Chief Executive Li Jiachao said on July 11 that if the Japanese government launched a plan, the SAR Government will take action to expand the control of imported food in Japan and prohibit the import of seafood from multiple counties. The environment and ecological director Xie Zhanhuan threatened to prohibit the import of aquatic products in 10 capitals including Fukushima, Tokyo and Chiba. "Nikkei News" quoted the Japanese Plains Naoki of the Japanese Consulate General in Hong Kong that the SAR Government performed tough and only to win Beijing's impression.
Ye Jinlong, a former member of Hong Kong, who is studying for a master's degree in the University of Tokyo, said that in the past, under the "one country, two systems", Hong Kong has taken priority considerations by economic and trade, which is very different from mainland China. Actively publish the "Chinese War Wolf -style" remarks, standing on the same front as mainland China.
Ye Jinlong, a former member of Hong Kong, said that in recent years, the Hong Kong government has become the same line as Beijing in economic affairs. (Ye Jinlong is exclusively provided, the shooting date is unknown) Ye Jinlong: "Before the Hong Kong counterfeit in 2019, the Hong Kong government still adopted a relatively independent and neutral attitude towards foreign affairs. However, since 2019, the Hong Kong government will take the initiative to fight back against the criticism of the EU or the Seventh -way Group. This is very similar to that of Chinese war wolf diplomacy. "
Ye Jinlong speculated that the change of foreign policy of the Hong Kong Government was to express their faithfulness and strive for Beijing's trust and identity.Song Guocheng, a scholar of Taiwan University of Political Science, described Li Jiachao as a "wolf diplomat" in Beijing in Hong Kong. Western countries led by the United States have its necessity on Hong Kong's sanctions.
Reporter: Gao Feng Editor: Jiayuan.com editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/gf-07122023082446.html 
The European Commission approves Broadcom's acquisition of VMware transactions (Free Version) 
Author: -Ciara Linnane
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-12T11:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T11:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-12T10:05:00.000Z
Description: The European Commission approved Broadcom's acquisition of VMware's transactions for $ 61 billion, promoting VMware's stock price to rise by 2.3%before the market.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
The European Commission approved Broadcom(Broadcom, AVGO)Acquisition VMware(VMW)The transaction promotes the stock price of VMware 2.3%before the market. Broadcom, chip and infrastructure software manufacturers, announced in May 2022 that it has acquired VMware for $ 61 billion, but since then, the transaction has been closely examined by regulatory agencies.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%AC%A7%E7%9B%9F%E5%A7%94%E5%91%98%E4%BC%9A%E6%89%B9%E5%87%86%E5%8D%9A%E9%80%9A%E6%94%B6%E8%B4%ADvmware%E7%9A%84%E4%BA%A4%E6%98%93-ca45239f 
Threads launched a fire, but how far can it go? 
Creator: MIKE ISAAC
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-12T11:31:19+08:00
Description: Large -scale technology companies often occupy natural advantages, but only the scale does not guarantee that they have won the social media market that has won impermanence and chasing trends. This is also the challenge faced by Zuckerberg: how to make Threads go further. Illustration by the New York Times; Photography by Shutterstock
Images: [" 00threads-SUB... "]
Category: 科技
Type: Article
 A large technology company with billions of users has launched a new social network. The company intends to use the popularity and scale of existing products to make new social platforms succeed. It also plans to suppress competitors in the leading position in this process.
This sounds like saying Instagram launches new applications Threads To fight against competitors, Twitter, but not that. It was 2011. Google just launched a social network called Google+, hoping to become " Facebook killer "Google pushed the new website to many users who relying on their search engines and other products. In the first year, the number of users of Google+ extended to more than 90 million.
But by 2018, Google+was thrown into the historical garbage dump. Although this Internet search giant has a huge audience, people continue to flood to Facebook, and later rushed to Instagram and other social applications. Google's social network has never been able to get angry.
In the history of Silicon Valley, large technology companies often use their own scale advantages to become larger companies. But as Google+ shows, it is not possible to win the social media market that is not guaranteed to change and chase the trend.
advertise
This is the CEO of Meta, who has Instagram and Facebook Zuckerberg He faces the challenge, and he tries to replace Twitter Twitter and become the main application of real -time public dialogue. If you learn from the history of science and technology, the scale and size are indeed a solid foothold -but this only means a good start.
The next thing is much more difficult. Zuckerberg hopes that people can find friends and influential people on Threads, just like Twitter trying to do it by accident, sometimes or even strangely. He needs to ensure that Threads is not a place with spam and scammers. He needs to be patient with the ongoing application update.
In short, he needs users to find that Threads is attractive enough to continue using it.
Zuckerberg tried to make THREADS the main application of real -time public dialogue. In order to win the social media market of impermanence and chase the trend, he is now facing challenges. Jason Henry Forthe New York Times
"If you launch a gimmicky application or application with incomplete applications, said closely." People soon left. "
At present, Threads seems to be famous overnight. Zuckerberg said that within a few hours after the launch of the application last Wednesday, 10 million people have registered. By Monday, this number has soared to 100 million. According to Analysis Company Similarweb, it is the first application to do this during this time period, surpassing Chat Robot ChatGPT The latter obtained 100 million users within two months after the release.
Mobile analyst Soyter said that the number of users obtained by Threads is "objectively impressive and unprecedented."
advertise
The owner of Twitter Musk Seems to be uneasy about Threads's momentum. Threads has 100 million users and is quickly heading out to Twitter's last disclosure. In July last year, Musk acquired Twitter four months ago, the company disclosed The number of users daily is 237.8 million.
Musk has taken action. On the same day of THREADS last week, Twitter threatened Meta to sue this new application. On Sunday, Musk called Zuckerberg on Twitter as "soft eggs". Then, he asked Zuckerberg to measure a certain body part of a certain body, which was larger than anyone else, and also sent a ruler's emoji. Zuckerberg has not responded.
(Prior to the release of Threads, Musk provoked Zacberg alone and asked him to have a " fight in the cage ")
Musk's lack of things -a huge audience, Zuckerberg has a lot in Meta. More than 3 billion users visit a series of applications of Zuckerberg, including Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger.Threads is now closely connected to Instagram. Users must have an Instagram account to register. If users need to touch the screen, they can import the entire focus list from Instagram to Threads, eliminating the trouble of finding new followers in the service.
advertise
On Monday, Zuckerberg said he could do more things to promote Threads growth. He wrote in a post in Threads that he has not "opened a lot of promotional activities" for this application.
Some users want to know why THREADS seems to have less basic functions in Instagram's programs when they first debuted, such as allowing people to browse the search function of hot topic labels.
Annier Dash, a senior person and writer of the technology industry, said, "Threads has not launched many functions, maybe to ensure brand security." From the beginning, minimizing controversy. "What impact will this have a long -term interesting network?"
Instagram, the person in charge of Instagram, Adam Mersery said in a post published by Threads on Monday that people demand to add a series of new features to this new application. He wrote, "They said,‘ let it succeed, make it wonderful, and let it grow. ”He also said,“ I promise that we will make it great. ”
However, bundling a new application with the company's existing products may eventually lead to the result of the tiger head snake tail.
In 2011, after Google co -founder and then CEO Larry Page withdrew from Google+ that imitated Facebook, users' freshness of this new social network quickly passed and no longer used it. Some people think that Google+ is imposed to them when visiting Gmail.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates used the scale of the Windows operating system to bundle other software and overwhelm competitors. Kevin Dietsch/getty images
Former Google employees described this product as " based on fear "The product was developed just to respond to Facebook, and it did not explicitly explain why people should use it instead of other competitive networks. A former Google employee analyzed the cause of the problem afterwards write Google+ is mainly defined by "what is not, that is, it is not Facebook".
Of course, Zuckerberg can also follow Bill Gates on Threads. Gates is one of Microsoft's founders. He used the Windows operating system to establish his own empire. This operating system promoted the development of a generation of personal computers and then successfully used this scale to crush competitors.
advertise
When Windows dominates the personal computer market, Gates -wide's knowing approach is to bind other products on the system for free. In 1995, he packed the Internet browser InternetExplorer into Windows, and IE soon became the default browser of tens of millions of computers. In just four years, it surpassed the dominant and dominant [NetScape].(https://www.nytimes.com/1998/08/17/business/gates-pinpoints-date-of-browser-decision.html)Browser.
Even so, this strategy eventually caused Gates. In 1998, the U.S. Department of Justice sued Microsoft's unfair use of Windows's market forces to kill competition. In 2000, a federal judge ruled that Gates' company lost the case It is said that Microsoft "pressed his fingers on the balance of competitive wealth."
Microsoft later reached a settlement with the government and agreed to make concessions.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/technology/20230712/threads-zuckerberg-meta-google-plus/ 
Sensitive time North Korea re -firing missile flight time setting a record 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T11:37:00Z
Description: As the leaders of South Korea and Japan were preparing to meet during the NATO Summit, North Korea launched a suspected intercontinental ballistic missile on its east coast. South Korean President Yin Xiyue called on the international community to unite and respond to such threats.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['韩国', '岛屿主权争端', '日本', '北大西洋公约组织', '朝鲜', '金正恩']
Keywords: ['朝鲜', '朝核危机', '韩国', '日本', '北约', '导弹试验', '美韩军演', '核威胁']
Id: 66200958
North Korea launched a ballistic missile, which exceeded any missile in North Korea's test.
(Voice of Germany) North Korea launched a suspected intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) on its east coast on Wednesday (July 12). Various threats including nuclear support.
Before the launch, North Korea issued a tough statement for many days in a row, accusing the US spy plane invading its economic zone airspace, condemning the US nuclear -powered cruise missile submarine recently visited South Korea, claiming to take countermeasures.
The longest flight time in North Korean missiles 
Matsuna Kazaki Matsuna, the chief of the Japanese cabinet official room, said that the suspected intercontinental ballistic missile flew for 74 minutes, with a height of 6,000 kilometers and a range of 1,000 kilometers. This is the longest flight time of all missiles launched by North Korea.
The Japanese Coast Guard predicts that missiles will fall about 550 kilometers east of the Korean Peninsula.
In April of this year, North Korea fired the first solid fuel -containment missile missile, which was one of the dozen missile tests this year.
Analysts believe that the flight distance of North Korea's intercontinental ballistic missiles is enough to fight the goals of anywhere in the United States, and North Korea is likely to develop a nuclear warhead that can be installed on the rocket.
Kimdong-Yup, a professor at Seoul North Korea, said: "This may be the second test of the solid fuel 'Huacheng-18' intercontinental ballistic missile on the basis of the first launch results."
Yang Xu (transliteration), a researcher at the Institute of Policy of Yashan Policy, said that after North Korea's first launch of the spy satellite in May, the latest test may be part of North Korea's efforts to recover the face and regain initiative.
In addition to missile tests, May this year, North Korea tried to launch its first spy satellite with a new carrier rocket, but ended in failure. The United Nations Security Council decided to ban North Korea from using ballistic missile technology, including satellite launch. The Security Council and some countries imposed sanctions on it due to North Korea's missiles and nuclear weapons programs.
Yang Xu said that Pyongyang accused the United States of violating its airspace this week to find reasons for this launch, while Washington and Seoul believed that these allegations were not foundable.
Japanese and Korean leaders are preparing to meet during the NATO Summit to discuss various threats including North Korea's nuclear support
Japan and South Korea, worry: "Can't condone these provocative behaviors" 
Leif-Ericeasley, a professor of international research professor of Erhua Women's University, said that North Korea is following a model that conducts weapons tests during diplomatic activities (such as the planned Korean and Japanese talks).
Yin Xiyue, a South Korean President, who is participating in the NATO summit in Lithuania, held an emergency meeting of the National Security Council to discuss the launch incident and vowed to use the summit to call on the international community to unite and respond to such threats together.
Yin Xiyue said at a meeting with Japan, Australia, and New Zealand that North Korea's launch poses a direct challenge for regional and world peace, as well as standard order -based order.
According to its office, Yin Xiyue said: "We cannot condon these provocative behaviors. We must respond to the reckless behavior of North Korea through a strong response and unity in the international community."
Matsuno Koichi Matsuna, the chief of the Japanese cabinet official house, said that the launching threat area and international peace and stability, Japan has protested by North Korea in Beijing's diplomatic channels in Beijing. Matsuno said at a press conference on Wednesday that North Korea already had the technology of hitting Japan with nuclear ballistic missiles, reiterating the statement in the white paper published by the Japanese Defense Province.
It is expected that Yin Xiyue will hold a separate talks with the Japanese Prime Minister Kishida in the later Wednesday to discuss the way to strengthen the method of jointing the threat of North Korea.
*#
The missiles launched by North Korea in recent years 
Mars 12 Mid -range ballistic missile 
The photos released by the Korean official media on January 31st showed that they fired the Mars 12 medium -range ballistic missile (IRBMS) on Sunday (January 30). The power of this missile is enough to hit the US territory Guam. This is also the seventh weapon test that North Korea has been conducted so far this month. South Korea and Japan have condemned the launch of North Korea.
*#
The missiles launched by North Korea in recent years 
KN-24 Type short-range ballistic missile 
On January 17, North Korea launched two short-range ballistic missiles (SRBM) suspected to be KN-24 from a airport in Pyongyang, the capital. According to Korean official media reports, the two missiles "accurately hit an island target on the east coast of the country." Analysts said that the last test of these missiles was in March 2020, and it seems to have entered the deployment of large -scale production and military units. The KN-24 missile is similar to the American MGM-140 Army Tactical Missile System (ATACMS), and can avoid the missile defense system with a more flat ballistic flight than a traditional ballistic missile.
*#
The missiles launched by North Korea in recent years 
The second time this month conducted a hypersonic missile test 
The Korean official media posted photos of the Chinese Society that the North Korean Institute of Defense Research conducted a new type of hypersonic missile at an unveiled place on January 11, 2022. It is rumored that North Korea's top leader Kim Jong -un also attended the test shooting. The height of the hypersonic weapon is usually lower than that of ballistic missiles. Experts said that the main features of hypersonic weapons are not speed, but their mobility, which can help them avoid the missile defense system. This is the second time North Korea tested this missile this month.
*#
The missiles launched by North Korea in recent years 
2022 The first test hypersonic missile 
The missiles launched by North Korea in recent years 
Stealing ballistic missile 
A group photo released by the North Korean official media on October 20, 2021 showed that North Korea launched a new type of submarine ballistic missile (SLBM) from the submarine on the waters one day (October 19). On October 19th, the South Korean military stated that North Korea launched an object that was suspected of being a latent ballistic missile from the waters in the east of the east coast city of New Pu.
*#
The missiles launched by North Korea in recent years 
Launching missiles from the train 
This picture provided by the North Korean Society shows that the North Korean railway motorized missile army launched a missile in the exercise. Experts said that this was KN-23 ballistic missile.
*#
The missiles launched by North Korea in recent years 
New remote cruise missile 
According to the group's composition released by the North Korean official media on September 13, 2021, a long -range cruise missile was launched in the air. Pyongyang fired a new long -range cruise missile on September 11 and 12. According to the North Korean Society, these missiles were "flying on an oval and 8 -shaped orbit on the sky and the waters of the North Korean territory for 7580 seconds."
*#
The missiles launched by North Korea in recent years 
new tactical guidance cannonball 
This photo released by Pyongyang shows the newly developed new tactical guidance shells. The "Central China Society" claims that the shells were launched on March 25, 2021.
*#
The missiles launched by North Korea in recent years 
Arctic Star 2 medium -range ballistic missile 
North Korean TV provided a video screenshot on May 22, 2017. It is said that the weapon is the medium -range ballistic missile North Star 2. This medium -range missile is considered to be equipped with a nuclear warhead.
Due to the military operations of North Korea and the increasingly severe challenges in the region, Yin Xiyue has begun to repair the tension with Japan And reduce historical disputes that hinder the cooperation between the two American allies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Seoul stated that the special envoy Zhou San, a nuclear issue in South Korea, the United States, and Japan, strongly condemned North Korea's missile launch and believed that this was a serious provocative behavior of "unreasonable". They also criticized Pyongyang's recent threat to the normal flight activities of the allies in the international waters.
On the eve of the missile launch, Senior military generals of these three countries held a rare three -sided meeting in Hawaii. (Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/敏感时间朝鲜再射导弹-飞行时间创纪录/a-66200958?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Column | History of Hiroshi: The appearance of the Red Guards in the 56th Speaking 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T11:38:28-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T11:38:28-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The official Xinhua News Agency of the Communist Party of China was released on September 1, 1966. The Red Guards in the picture had high school students and college students, and they waved their hair quotes. Agence France-Presse information picture [Audio-LLINK: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zonghengdalishi/Wenge/HIST -HIST -HIST -HIST -HIS(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zonghengdalishi/wenge/hist-07122023103239.html/@@stream) 1. The official start of the Red Guards Movement 
Hello everyone, welcome everyone to listen to "History of the Great", I am the host Sun Cheng. Today, we will continue to conduct a series of historical revolution history. From this lecture, we have to tell the establishment of the Red Guards attached to the Tsinghua University of Tsinghua.
As mentioned earlier, in the Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School on the eve of the Cultural Revolution, the sharp and opposing political atmosphere of the peace and the children of the cadres and children was permeated. Under such circumstances, only one fuse is needed, and Tsinghua High School, which has become a gunpowder barrel, will be fully detonated, causing a political bang.
From May 1st to 3rd, 1966 on the eve of the Cultural Revolution, 11 students from the Tsinghua Affiliated High School started an outing out of the school's four -day vacation. According to the meeting of Luo Xiaohai, one of the founders of the Red Guards of the Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School, the situation of this outing is:
"Our 11 male and female classmates in Class 651 of our preparatory course took the school to take a 4 -day vacation opportunity to bring compass, watches, crystal radios, cameras, quilts, pots and noodles to the west of the western suburbs of Beijing and Tanyu Temple. Everyone has enhanced friendship and exchanged views on the cultural revolution in the educational industry. It is also a coincidence. In the process of camp, we heard that Premier Zhou Enlai welcomed the Albanian delegation from the radio. It seems to be a signal bomb. After returning, these people have become the main force of the 651 view. They are not from cadre families except Bu Luo. '; Tanzhang Temple's trip is indeed the origin of the Red Guards. "(See Luo Xiaohai:" An Important Historical Materials ")
Despite Luo Xiaohai, there are only three cadres and children among these students. But from the equipment they took when they went out of the outing, their living conditions were extremely good at the time. Yang Jidong, the author of the Cultural Revolution, who had studied at Tsinghua University at that time, had commented on this, saying: "At that time, our college students in Tsinghua, many people have not even seen the desktop electronic tube radios. Many people have never played. After the phone. And these middle school students brought the very precious transistor radios to the suburbs at the time. It can be seen that their living conditions are superior. "
In fact, Luo Xiaohai himself said in a memories of the article: "The students of different political opinions of the Tsinghua University of China are the children of cadres. Although most of the people from the start of 651 are non -cadre children, the proposed program does not involve class routes, but The leader of the 651 view is the children of the minority cadres in the class. Soon, the movement of this different political opinion was absorbed by the Cadres of the Cadre Children in the Central Plains of Tsinghua University. Important Historical Materials ") Therefore, although most of the students participating in this outing are not cadre children, those who have their views are indeed cadre children.
On May 28th, a group of students with "different political opinions" of Tsinghua High School had a unified signature in the school's dormitory building and adopted a name called "Red Guards". On the next day, on the night of May 29, a dozen students from the Tsinghua Affiliated High School came to the Beijing Yuanmingyuan site and held a secret meeting. At this meeting, they believed that the party branch of the school was implementing a bourgeois education route, saying that "the situation in which the mountains were coming and the wind was full of storms at the time. The struggle is necessary to set up its own organization and unanimously agree to name the organization as the Red Guards. "Most of these students are cadres and children, and the word" Red Guard "comes from the pen name that Zhang Chengzhi once used by the participating students, which means" Mao Zedong Red Guards ".

Second, Tsinghua Affiliated Chinese Guards to Mao Zedong and the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China 
On May 31, the newly established organization called the "Red Guards" sent a faithful letter to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and Mao Zedong. The letter said in this way:
"We are students of the Tsinghua Affiliated High School. Our party branch has 24 party members and 5 party members. Most of them are intellectuals, and the proportion of workers and peasants has a small proportion. The chairman's writing, refusing to treat Chairman Mao's book as the highest instructions for all work. There are few class struggle views. Basically, there is no implementation of the proletarian school running policy, no prominent proletarian politics, and no implementation of the party line. "
When we hear this passage, what we need to pay attention to is that during the Cultural Revolution, many people's words were actually in the literal sense, and there was a layer of meaning -oriented meaning. Although this paragraph seems to be saying that at that time, most people in the party branch of Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School were intellectual, and the proportion of workers and peasants was small, but in fact, the students in the Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School were mainly divided into cadre children peaceful people. These two opposite factions. Here, the red guards, mainly cadres and children, used the hair -style class struggle discourse system. They believed that the school's party branch workers and peasants were insufficient and there were too many intellectuals. At that time, the so -called "revolutionary cadres" and "workers" and "poor and middle peasants" both belonged to the "red five categories" of politics. Although intellectuals do not have been regarded as a political persecution label as a political persecution label as the so -called "rich and anti -right to the right", the various sports in the Mao era did not let the intellectuals go. In the Mao era, intellectuals were naturally regarded as a suspicious person and could not be fully trusted. In the faction of the students of the Chinese Revolution of Tsinghua University, many children of intellectual children hold the views of civilian children. Therefore, it can be said that although this passage seems to indicate that there are too many intellectuals in the party branch and too few workers and peasants, in fact, it is the political strategy used by the cadres' children to try to combat civilian children.
At the same time, Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School students also sent another letter to Mao Zedong and the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. This is what this letter says:Judging from the letter of this letter saying that "we are a senior in the high school of Tsinghua University and the descendants of the revolution", they should also be cadres and children. Some of the so -called schools in the letter, such as "implementing class routes" and "focusing on performance issues", in fact, they can also be very dissatisfied with cadre children. As mentioned in the previous lecture, many civilian children at that time rely on the so -called "focusing on performance" policy to gain benefits. For example, on the issue of allowing students to join the Communist Youth League, teachers will pay attention to the development of students who have "not good origin" but "good performance". In general, the author of this letter represents the interests of cadres and children, and buckle a large hat to the school. It is believed that the school's care for civilian children is the so -called "a black line of a bourgeois amendmentism for several years. "" ". To this end, they must write to Mao Zedong "to disclose and report these amendments private goods sold by Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School."
This letter also said: "Some Party Central Committee, Chairman Mao supports us, and some workers, peasants and soldiers give us a strong backing. We are not afraid of anything. Resolutely fight to the end. We are fighting for Mao Zedong's thoughts and fighting for communism.
Three, more than a hundred people jointly signed a big newspaper 
On June 2nd, a big news poster with a more explosive content was posted in school. Its title is called "Oath of Defending the Proletarian Dictatorship, Oath of Defending Mao Zedong Thought", and the content can be said to be quite crazy. Various political slogans are piled up, showing a taste of teeth dancing claws and exhausting. The full text of this big newspaper is said:
"The Party Central Committee and Chairman Mao sounded the charge to the people across the country and carried out the proletarian cultural revolution to the end!
"We, the descendants of the proletarian revolution, infinite love, infinite faith, infinite worship of Mao Zedong thought. For all the words and deeds of all anti -Mao Zedong thoughts, with the hatred of hatred. In the Great Revolution, we must establish the absolute authority of Mao Zedong's thoughts, one foot, one foot The so -called 'authority' of all anti -Mao Zedong thoughts, where Chairman Mao instructed, we resolutely followed up and resolutely implemented it. No matter what the banner he is, no matter how high he is, he must be smashed!
"The Cultural Revolution is a decisive battle of two classes and two worldviews. We must highlight the proletarian politics, engage in the transformation of the world outlook and life outlook, and the bourgeoisie is not allowed to resist stubborn in any field!
"The bourgeois masters, since we have provoked this struggle, so okay!We do not refuse, insist on accompanying to the end, do not pull off the black flag, do not defeat the gang, do not smash the black shop, and do not ban the black market. Never accept troops!
"Comrades, revolutionary comrades:
"Vowing to follow the Party Central Committee, vowed to follow Chairman Mao, and vowed to defend the dictatorship of the proletariat!
"long live Chairman Mao!
"Red Guards
"June 2, 1966"
The above is all the contents of this big newspaper. It can be seen that there are all kinds of crazy Cultural Revolution languages, such as expressing "infinite love, infinite belief, infinite worship" of Mao Zedong's thoughts, and show "hate" with words and deeds that oppose Mao Zedong's thoughts. The Dazi Poster also said in an unspeakable tone that to establish the "absolute authority" of Mao Zedong's thoughts, for Mao Zedong's instructions, it is necessary to "resolutely take care of and resolutely implement it." More than one hundred people signed this big poster, and from the writer of this signature "Red Guard" poster claiming to be "us, the descendants of the proletarian revolution", this is of course a representative cadre's child position Big characters. According to the statement in this big poster, the so -called "violating Mao Zedong thought" will be "smashed" in the end.
(The content of the letters and posters quoted above comes from Bu Weihua: "The Establishment of the Red Guards of the Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School")
At this time, the Red Guards movement in the Tsinghua Affiliated High School had launched. In just a few days, the Red Guard Movement has developed from the plot of a dozen people to the posters of hundreds of people. Judging from the political demands of these Red Guards, they represent the position of the cadres and children in the school. What they want to maintain in the real interests are the privileges they get through their parents, and the Tsinghua Affiliated High School has become their target. On June 2, 1966, a poster posted on June 2, 1966, a more explosive news appeared and accelerated the evolution of the situation. On this day, the full text of the Chinese official mouthpiece "People's Daily" published a big poster from Peking University, and expressed support for the extreme attitude expressed by this big newspaper in the form of a commentator article. According to the current words, this actually proves that the official is "rhythmic rhythm" in person. In this way, we need to transfer the camera to Peking University to narrate the next history.
Thank you everyone. This is here this week, we see you next week.
Writing, hosting, production: Sun Cheng
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zonghengdalishi/wenge/hist-07122023103239.html 
Why does the ancient "Bible" dream of Israel constantly annexing the west bank of the Jordan River? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-12T11:52:08
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T11:52:08
Description: When the United States is in charge of the assistant Secretary of State Barbara Lif, the assistant Secretary of State Barbara Lif, the occupation of the government -it promises to the United States that it will not expand the settlement site on the west bank of the Jordan River in four months -made the most dangerous decision, the purpose of the purpose, the purpose of the purpose, the purpose of the purpose It is to accelerate the construction of Israel.
Images: [" 1-1689161944.png ", " 1-1689161990.png ", " 1-1689162021.png ", " 1-1689162071.png "]
Topics: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '新闻', '长篇阅读']
Keywords: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '新闻', '长篇阅读', '以色列', '巴勒斯坦']
Type: Article
 Why does Israel constantly annex the west bank of the Jordan River?
When the United States is in charge of the assistant Secretary of State Barbara Lif, the assistant Secretary of State Barbara Lif, the occupation of the government -it promises to the United States that it will not expand the settlement site on the west bank of the Jordan River in four months -made the most dangerous decision, the purpose of the purpose, the purpose of the purpose, the purpose of the purpose It is to accelerate the construction of Israel. On June 18, the occupation forces approved a plan to shorten the time required to shorten the settlement of the Jordan River on the west bank of the River. Qi "" fully approved the plan to build a settlement, without waiting for the approval of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense.
Until recently, because of worrying about international resolutions refusing to settle, Israel has taken cautious steps on the issue of annexation of some areas of the west coast. Although the occupation country has not respected these decisions in the end, the situation became worse after the right -wing government came to power. The government has gathered the biggest supporter of the expansion of the settlement, which has led the occupants to confiscate the Palestinian land of more than one million Danan, and these lands are classified as "Israeli National Land".

 Shrine and mosque in Nabisuel Village(Shutterstock)The Village of Nabisonar is located at the foot of the mountain at an altitude of 859 meters. There is a shrine and a mosque. The village of the same name enjoys a stunning view. On the one hand, you can see the occupied City of Jerusalem. At the hustle and bustle of Lamara, when you turned to the East, the scene began to change, and two Jewish recovery settlements appeared in front of you, namely the settlement site of "Hashmur", devouring 331 Dean's Danan. The village land and "Nev Shimer" settlement site, the settlement was built on about 136 Dean land. These settlements turned the village into a "extreme orthodox faction" cell. The place between the ruins became a Jewish church, claiming that the prophet Samuel was one of the prophets of the Jewish.
The Village of Nabisunul constitutes a clear explanatory settlement model, because the village was occupied by Israel after 1967. In 1971, then the then Prime Minister Gorda Mayer ordered to demolish all houses, and the villagers were evacuated. At a house of about 100 meters east of the mosque and archeological sites, Israel built about 1,000 housing facilities for Jews on the ruins of Jewish homes.
The residents of this village were isolated from the west bank of the Jordan River. Since then, the village has never escaped the consequences of Israeli settlements. · Laibin(Yitzhak Rabin)The government decided that the occupation of the land of 3500 Dean (865 acres) was confiscated as part of the Israeli "National Park". This time, the farmland and houses of the village were confiscated. Archaeological sites.
In this way, the occupation troops established one of the largest parks on the west bank of the Jordan River after expel the residents of the area and destroy their homes. In action, the current Neitanahu government proposed to modify it in May, and aims to apply it to the archeological site on the west bank of the Jordan River. The land of the Israelites used the Bible name to refer to the occupied the west bank of the Jordan River) is full of inheritance sites with major countries and historical importance for the development of the settlement on Israeli land. "
With the goal of Nabisonar village, it has exposed the great efforts of the Israeli government to annexes the land on the west bank of the Jordan River. In the past few decades, the Israeli settlement project has continued to develop, ignoring the International Convention and the International Criminal Court (ICC) (ICC) (ICC) (ICC) The rules, and the international criminal court transferred the national civilian population to the occupied territory and deemed the crime of war, and prohibited from mandatory transfer in territory and expelled the occupied personnel out of its territory. Since the west bank of the Jordan River, Israel has built more than 130 settlements and about 140 settlement outpost bases. At present, nearly 700,000 Israeli settlers live in these settlements (of which 230,000 are in East Jerusalem).
 Israeli settlement point construction
The attitude of the Israeli "Liberal" government on settlements is not different from the right -wing government. The Minister of Labor) proposed a plan to annex the west coast (including the Jordan Valley and the Great Jerusalem). Ten years later, during the period of "Menheim Beijing" and his (right -wing) Likard Group, The continuity has emerged, and the party proposed a large Israeli plan to call for annexed to annex the west bank of the Jordan River and oppose the international community in the so -called "center of the Bible region." Igel Alon (former Labor Minister) ended in the end of the war in 1967 that the war ended in the end of the war in 1967. Later, a plan to annex the west coast (including the Jordan Valley and the Great Jerusalem region) was proposed, and 10 years later, the "Menheim Beijing" and its (right wing) Likard Group were proposed in the rule of rule. After the Grand Israel Program, the party proposed a large Israeli plan that required annexation of the West Bank of Jordan, opposing concessions in his so -called "center of the Bible regional".
After the signing of the Oslo Agreement, the situation has not changed much, although most people in Israeli politics agree to establish Palestinian countries, at least in the form of form. In the past three decades, the right wing of Israel has continued to hold up the set flag of the settlement, "Na Na Naisa," Na Na Naisa, "Na Na Naisa," Na Na Naisa, "Na Na Na," Na Na Naisa, "Na Na Na," Na Na Na, "Na Na Na," Na Na Na, "Na Na Naisa," Na Na Naisa, "Na Na Naisa," Na Na Na, "Na Na Naisa," Na Na Na, "Na Na Naisa," Na Na Naisa. The campaign of leaders such as Futari Bente "continued to emerge. After entering politics in 2013, Navarley Bennett immediately asked Israel to comprehensively annexate Zone C. This violated the Oslo Agreement. With him In 2021, the government led by Bened consolidated the occupation of Zone C, which prompted Palestine's Jerusalem Minister Fati Hudmi, claiming that Israeli Prime Minister Naff Tali Bennet spent a year. It is the most difficult and dangerous year for Jerusalem and its residents. It has initially approved the construction of 14108 settlement units and demolished 270 Palestinian buildings.
The most ferocious Neitanahu government 
 
 Smomoric and Extreme Minister Ben Geville appeared together. They did not care about the human rights and democratic values of the occupation country in front of the international community (Anadoru News Agency)
However, the authorities of Smochi did not stop there. In February, he obtained the same important position and was appointed director of the Civil Affairs Administration. According to Israeli law, he actually became the "Governor of the West Bank of Jordan". A position means changing the official governance structure of the West Bank of Jordan, and transferring many administrative power from the military command of the occupation forces to the civil command power represented by Smomuric.
The pace of the Neitana government's annexation is the fastest in history. The Israeli government approved a bill in March to allow the Israelites to return to 4 settlements on the west bank of the Jordan River. If the law is implemented, the law ordered the resident from these settlements and the Gaza Strip, and Israel's highly controversial "judicial reform" plan is also part of the measures aimed to completely control the west bank of the Jordan River. It was also confirmed that he said that re -consideration of democracy and legal structure may ensure that the government annexed the west bank of the Jordan River.
The enthusiasm of Neitania Hushaw and the west bank of the Jordan River did not awaken with his recent government, although his pace became more fierce in this area. When he served as Prime Minister in 2017, Likard, led by Neitanahu, Lacide led by Neitanahu. The group passed a dangerous decision and sought to comprehensively annex the west bank of the Jordan River. Although this decision failed to implement the opposition from the international community, Neitanahu slowed down. It will gradually exercise sovereignty in the local area and make the decision after confirming the support of the former US President Donald Trump administration. In 2020, the Israeli Prime Minister announced that he had to unilaterally annexes the land that was designed as Israeli sovereignty. The decision was soon withdrawn to pave the way to reach a "normalized agreement" with multiple Arab countries.
The decision to withdraw this withdrawal of Israel is neither the ultimate nor strategic, but it is just a tactical move. The outskirts of the West Bank Palestinian city of Nabrus extended to the 55th highway on Cafaaba, Northeast, Tellaviv, like other roads built during the occupation period. The author of the report of the report, Yehudashaul, published a quite inspiring remark. He explained the strategy of the Israeli government to develop infrastructure in order to consolidate the settlement point. "Everyone said," Everyone It is believed that with the signing of the normalized agreement, the annexation of the West Bank of Jordan has been frozen, but in fact, Israel is still continuing to annex through the infrastructure to annex the west bank of the Jordan River. In the process, we will always consolidate our control of the Palestinian people. "
The international community in imagination 
In May, a lawyer who supported the most famous right -wing organization "Regavim", one of the most famous right -wing organizations, appeared in court in the occupied Israeli Supreme Court in the occupied Jerusalem. The demolition order of Khanal-Ahmar, Jahalin Beidu in that village was banned from building houses for occupying tribal residents. Therefore, they lived in tin-made houses.
Since 2009, the "Regavim" organization has been calling for the demolition of the village and successfully received the court support in 2018. However, its demolition plan has not yet been implemented. "It was stopped for demolition.
The loose judgment based on the court covered the concerns of the international pressure movement seeking to protect the village. Because it is difficult for foreign delegations to leave the village and their residents, in addition, EU member states also issued a joint statement to oppose the court's decision by the court's decision. The former prosecutor of the International Criminal Court Fattu Ben Da also condemned Israel's behavior and emphasized that forcibly the transfer of villagers will be regarded as the crime of war.
After staying away from Khan Ahmel Village, Israel continued to implement the polar right agenda. Based on "the exclusive rights of the Jewish people to the entire Israeli land", there is no more clear example of what happened than the Homos outpost. This is At the end of the 1970s, the settlement on the land on northern Nublus was empty in 2005. According to the resident who evacuated the Disa's departure contact method in 2005, extremeism settled in 2009 successfully established a religious school in a religious school there in 2009. Essence
As the current government came to power, the departure law was quickly amended, and the "official" ban on the Israelites entered the Homos and other settlements on the west bank of the Jordan River. Although this law caused the opposition from the United States, the Israeli government also merged the government of the Israeli government. Without paying attention to the position of its U.S. allies, it announced that Homash's private land of Palestine's Palestinians was transformed into "state -owned land", which caused the settlers there. A construction company recently completed the water pipe laying work of Homos. A few weeks ago, Smomorich celebrated the 75th anniversary of the disaster, the "Israel Independence Day" as the "Israeli Independence Day".
On the other hand, some international decisions about the steps of the west bank of the Jordan River have become the object of people ridiculed. As it happened in January this year, at the time, the UN General Assembly voted to request the Hague International Court of Hague in the West Bank and East Jerusalem on the west bank and East Jerusalem of the Israeli River in Israel. Legal consequences have issued consultation opinions, which means that the United Nations hopes that the court ruled that the behavior of the occupation country on the west bank of the Jordan River is "temporary occupation" or "annexed". This process takes one to two years to take action wisely.
At the same time, the Neitanahu government continued to build a settlement point on the west bank of the Jordan River, and adopted a policy to avoid international public opinion. It initially announced the plan to build a settlement point in specific sensitive areas. With the anger of other Western countries, it publicly announced the suspension of the first project and started other settlement projects in other regions, including the "E1" construction project. The international community believes that the project is the real obstacle of the two countries' programs. When opposed to the project, the occupation country promised to stop its completion, but at the same time informed Washington's plan to build 4,000 new units in other places.
Occupy countries violate international law on the issue of settlement. Although it sometimes does not want to anger Western allies led by Washington, it listens more to the tendency of extremist religious remarks and expansion. The Palestinian who expelled the Palestinians and defended the parade of their homes. The dark parade began 75 years ago and continued until today.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/middle-east/question-of-palestine/2023/7/12/%e5%8f%a4%e8%80%81%e7%9a%84%e5%9c%a3%e7%bb%8f%e6%a2%a6%e6%83%b3%e4%bb%a5%e8%89%b2%e5%88%97%e4%b8%ba%e4%bd%95%e4%b8%8d%e6%96%ad%e5%90%9e%e5%b9%b6%e7%ba%a6%e6%97%a6%e6%b2%b3%e8%a5%bf%e5%b2%b8 
More than 300 immigrants went to the Ghana Islands on their way to find out and rescue nothing 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T12:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T11:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Madrid, 11th) The Spanish Coast Defense Force was notified that three immigrant vessels disappeared on the way from West Africa to the Canary Islands, and continued to search and rescue operations today, but still found nothing. They rescued dozens of people nearby yesterday.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A spokesman for the Salvamento Maritimo SALVAMENTO Maritimo said a rescue aircraft had sent to the Ghana Islands, but "no discovery."
She went on to say that the Coast Defense Force also asked other ships in the region to pay more attention.
She also pointed out that during the search and rescue operation of yesterday, the rescue person found a ship carrying 78 vessels from the south of the Sahara Desert and they were sent to Gran Canaria.
"Walking Borders", a assistance group who pays attention to immigration issues, said that it is believed that the three missing vessels have left the coast of Senegal in West Africa in recent weeks.
A spokesman for the "walking border" pointed out: "There are about 200 people on one ship, and the other two ships have 50 to 70 people."
The founder of the "Walking Border" Helenamaleno said yesterday that one of the largest vessels departed from KaFountine, a fishing village in Casamance, southern Senegal, on June 27.
According to him, the family who lost contact with the immigrants said that they lost contact with the ship a few days ago, and they were "many minors."
The "walking boundary" said that there were about 120 other ships who left the Senegal Coast on June 23.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E9%80%BE300%E7%A7%BB%E6%B0%91%E8%B5%B4%E5%8A%A0%E7%BA%B3%E5%88%A9%E7%BE%A4%E5%B2%9B%E9%80%94%E4%B8%AD%E5%A4%B1%E8%81%94-%E6%90%9C%E6%95%91%E8%BF%84%E6%97%A0%E6%89%80%E8%8E%B7 
Goldman Sachs: The second Indian economy in 2075? Experts 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T12:10:00Z
Description: Goldman Sachs recently issued a prediction that India is expected to become the world's second largest economy in 2075. The country's economic growth is expected to reach 5.9%this year. However, some experts believe that more than ten years ago, the world had made too optimistic predictions on India, but it was not fully realized.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '印度', '中国', '中共十九大', '美国']
Keywords: ['中国', '印度', '美国', '第二大经济体', '高盛', '2075年', '印度经济']
Id: 66201124
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Investment Bank Goldman Sachs published an article on its website on July 6, predicting that in 2075, India It will become the second largest economy in the world, second only to China, and tied in front of the United States, the euro area and Japan.
Demographic Dividend 
The main reason for the prediction of Goldman Sachs is, Indian population Continuous growth, huge labor potential. Santanusengupta, an economicist at the investment bank, said: "In the next 20 years, India's raising ratio (that is, the ratio between the non -labor age and the working age population) is the lowest in the world One of the regions. "He said that India should seize this opportunity to strengthen the production capacity of manufacturing, continue to serve the growth of the service industry, and the growth of infrastructure.
Economic Digitalization and Aadhaar identity system 
Goldman Sachs specially said that India has achieved a flying over economic digitalization, the so -called Aadhaar biometric identity system. This system includes 1.4 billion people in the country. Through this system, public services can make public services easier and targeted, and also help small and micro enterprises to obtain loans, thereby promoting growth. According to the "Washington Post" columnist and CNN host Fareedzakaria in April, the system now covers 99.9%of Indian adults. Using this figure, you can open a bank account or transfer within a few minutes. The system is operated by public institutions.
Aadhaar biometric identity system has also triggered a debate on personal privacy and data protection
Low labor participation rate, especially women 
The analysis of Goldman Sachs also pointed out that India's risks are that it cannot effectively increase the proportion of labor participation. According to analysis, the proportion of labor in India has continued to decline over the past 15 years. Especially women. Zakalia's article also pointed out that in the past 20 years, Indian women's employment ratio has decreased from 30%to 23%.
Another opportunity facing India is the green economy. The country announced zero emissions in 2070, and half of the energy from 2030 came from non -fossil raw materials.
The Chinese economy is five times the Indian 
However, the German Economic Weekly published a guest article from Harvard Kennedy College Graham Allison on July 11, and believed that the praise to India was too early.
He pointed out that although India's economic growth rate in the first quarter of this year reached 6.1%and China was 4.5%, it should be cautious about overnight forecasts. He quoted Zacalia's article, saying that around 2006, India's growth was even more than 9%. At that time, the world was optimistic about the Indian economy, and even the Indian Minister of Trade predicted that the country's economy would surpass China soon. However, this is not exactly the case.
Today, the Indian economy is ranked fifth, behind the United States, China, Japan, and Germany. China's GDP is five times that of India.
It is said that the ratio of Indian women's participation in the employment market has decreased from 30%to 23%in the past 20 years
China technology and production efficiency are higher than India 
Professor Ellison's article pointed out that in addition, China is still leading India in science and technology. Of the top 20 technology companies in the world's top 20, four are Chinese companies, and no Indian companies are on the list. In terms of artificial intelligence, China is also the only country that can compete with the United States.
In addition, Professor Ellison believes that China's labor efficiency is higher than India. Goldman Sachs also pointed out that the huge population of India is obviously an opportunity, but how the challenge is to effectively use these labor. This means providing skill training for them while creating employment.
Obstacles: Surname system, complex ethnic and religious relationships: Create employment from bottom to top 
Professor Ellison quoted the comments from former Singapore Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew to India's development, saying that Lee Kuan Yew has been looking forward to India Powerful ability compete with China Essence However, Li Guangyao later discovered that due to the requirements of India's surnames, bureaucracy, and elite classes, they were unwilling to face the requirements of complicated ethnic and religious groups, so it was difficult to meet the due economic efficiency. Zakalia's article also said that the Muslim groups in India accounted for one -seventh of the country's population, but continued to be persecuted.
However, Zakalia also has confidence in India. He believes that India is able to popularize smartphones and the Internet. At the same time, with the AADhaar identity recognition system, it can help hundreds of millions of small and micro enterprises to obtain loans, thereby hiring two more employees, which can increase tens of millions of employment opportunities. This way from the bottom up is completely different from that of China from top to bottom-for example, 100 new factories to increase tens of thousands of jobs-to increase tens of thousands of jobs-.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/高盛：2075年印度经济世界第二？专家存疑/a-66201124?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Russian Foreign Minister: The Russian and Ukraine War will continue until the West abandoned Russia 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T12:13
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T12:13
Description: Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov said that the Russian and Ukraine War would continue until the West abandoned his plan to dominate and defeat Russia. The Indonesian media "Ronhard" published the above -mentioned interview content with Lavrov on Wednesday (July 12). Lavrov said, "The West led by the United States ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '拉夫罗夫', '俄罗斯']
Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov said that the Russian and Ukraine War would continue until the West abandoned his plan to dominate and defeat Russia.
The Indonesian media "Ronhard" published the above -mentioned interview content with Lavrov on Wednesday (July 12). Lavrov said that the goal of "the United States leading Western countries" is to strengthen its global hegemony.
Lavrov will attend the Asian Foreign Minister Conference, the East Asian Summit Foreign Minister Meeting, and the Asian Simpan Regional Forum at Jakarta, Indonesia. U.S. Secretary of State Brosky will also attend the above meeting.
According to an interview record released by the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Lavrov said: "Why is the Russian army's armed conflict in Ukraine that is not over? The answer is simple, that is, it will continue until the West gave up to maintain its dominant position, and it wants to pass through it. Ukraine's puppets have prompted Russia to suffer a strategic failure. "
He also said: "At present, this position has not shown signs."
On the other hand, the Ukrainian military officials said on Wednesday (12th) that Russia launched a series of drone attacks to Kiev for two consecutive nights. Preliminary news shows that there are currently no reports of casualties or major damage.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413018 
Microsoft claims that Chinese hackers attack Western European government agencies email 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T12:28:00Z
Description: Microsoft said that a hacker organization from China invaded an email account related to government agencies in Western European countries and obtained the access permissions for a month without being discovered.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: ['专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '黑客', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['微软', '黑客组织', '西欧', '政府电邮', '电子邮件', '网络袭击', '网络安全', 'Storm-0558', '黑客', '中国']
Id: 66201191
The Microsoft Corporation of the United States said that in about a month, the hacker organization, known as the "Storm-0558", obtained the access right of an email account of about 25 organizations
(Voice of Germany Chinese) said in a blog post published by Microsoft on Tuesday (July 11) that hacker tissues located in China and known as "Storm-0558" focus on spy activities and data theft.
The hacker organization obtained an email account with about 25 organizations (including government agencies) and access rights of personal accounts related to these organizations. Essence
Another blog post from Microsoft Executive Vice President of Microsoft, which is responsible for network security, wrote in another blog post that according to its assessment, the hacker tissue is mainly engaged in espionage, such as entering the email system to collect information.
The organization uses a fake authentication tool to access personal email accounts. At present, Microsoft has handled the attack and notified the affected customers.
Microsoft said that it is cooperating with the Ministry of Land and Security, the Network and Infrastructure Security Bureau and other institutions to prevent such attacks, and also said that it will continue to monitor the "Storm-0558" activities.
"Storm-0558" is the latest network security attack from Chinese hackers.
Last month, Mandiant, a network security company owned by Google, said that the security vulnerabilities in the suspected state's support of Chinese hackers used the security loopholes in popular email security tools invaded hundreds of public and private organizations around the world. Earlier this year, Microsoft stated that Chinese hackers supported by the state have always aimed at key American infrastructure and may lay the foundation for cutting key communication between the United States and Asian countries during the crisis in the future. 
Chinese New Generation Bodyguard School: Fighting can also prevent hackers 
Beijing: The United States is the Internet Secretary 
China said that the United States has also carried out online spy activities in China and invaded the computer of its universities and companies.
According to the China Official Media Global Network, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Wang Wenbin said at a regular press conference on July 12 that "the United States is the world's largest hacker empire and Internet secrets." He said that since last year, network security agencies in China and other countries have released reports one after another, "the US government has long implemented cyber attacks on China for a long time, but the United States has not responded so far. Explanation, not to spread the sight of false information transfer. "
(Associated Press)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/微软称中国黑客袭击西欧政府机构电邮/a-66201191?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
"Unbearable in life" Writer Milan Kundera died 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T12:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T12:05:03+00:00
Description: (France -France -France -France -France -France -France -France -Prague) The well -known writer Milan Kundra (The Unbearable Lightness of Being "is the book" The Unbearable Lightness of Being ".
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A spokesman for Milan Kundera Library, Milan Kundera Hometown, said: "I regret that Mr. Milan Kundera died yesterday."
Milan Kundera's well -known works include "unbearable lightness in life" and "laughing books" and so on.
Milan Kundera was born in Czech City Burno, but was exiled in France in 1975 for criticizing the Soviet Union's invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E7%94%9F%E5%91%BD%E4%B8%AD%E4%B8%8D%E8%83%BD%E6%89%BF%E5%8F%97%E4%B9%8B%E8%BD%BB-%E4%BD%9C%E5%AE%B6%E7%B1%B3%E5%85%B0%E6%98%86%E5%BE%B7%E6%8B%89%E8%BE%9E%E4%B8%96 
On the eve of the Prime Minister's voting, the Thai Election Commission suggested to suspend the position of Pitta Parliament 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T12:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T12:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Bangkok, 12th) Thai Congress will vote for new prime ministers on the 13th, but because candidate Pita holds a media shares as a member of Congress, it is charged with the rules of the campaign. Only one day before the parliamentary voting, the Thai Election Commission today suggested that the Constitutional Court suspended Pitta's position.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 MoveForward, led by Pita Limjaroenrat, won the most in the May 14th elections. However, Pita faced a lot of challenges. Last month, the Thai Election Commission set up a special committee to investigate whether he was eligible for public office.
The Election Commission said in a statement today: "The Election Commission has considered this problem ... and believes that according to the Thai Constitution, Pita's status is invalid." The Election Commission has ended the investigation.
ITTIPORN BOONPRACONG confirmed to AFP that the agency had suggested that the constitutional court suspended Pitta members of Pita.
The Election Commission's investigation around Pitta is suspected of having a shares that has stopped operating media companies. According to the provisions of Thailand, parliamentarians are not allowed to hold media shares.
The Election Commission stated that "evidence shows that Parliament Pitta still holds media shares on the election registration date, which is not allowed by election candidates." The Election Commission confirmed that the survey results will be submitted to the Constitutional court with "further review."
Although the Constitutional Court originally scheduled to hold a meeting today, it is unclear when it will make a decision on the case.
According to Thai regulations, even if Pitta was suspended from the position of parliament, he was still able to compete for the prime minister legal.
Pitta told reporters in Congress that his "spirit is very good" and said that "voting will be held tomorrow according to the original plan."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E6%80%BB%E7%90%86%E6%8A%95%E7%A5%A8%E5%89%8D%E5%A4%95-%E6%B3%B0%E5%9B%BD%E9%80%89%E5%A7%94%E4%BC%9A%E5%BB%BA%E8%AE%AE%E6%9A%82%E5%81%9C%E7%9A%AE%E5%A1%94%E5%9B%BD%E4%BC%9A%E8%AE%AE%E5%91%98%E8%81%8C%E5%8A%A1 
"We must tighten the trouser belt": Kenya raised funds for debt repayment 
Authors: ['安德烈斯•斯基帕尼']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-12T13:10:49+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T08:01:99+08:00
Description: The Kenyan government insisted that "breach of contract is not an option" and tried to avoid repeating the mistakes of other African countries such as Zambia and Ghana.
Images: [" 000187272_pic... "]
Themes: ['债务', '关注']
Keywords: ['债务', '非洲经济', '肯尼亚', '一带一路', '赞比亚', '新兴市场']
Type: Article
 The person in charge of the union Constantine Weisongjia(Constantine Wesonga)It seems that the Kenyan government has failed to pay employees' salary on time a clear reason -its total amount of $ 70 billion in public debt.
"Due to the debt of the former regime (accumulated), we are in a period of fiscal tension." Weisongga, who is the secretary -general of a public union in Kenya, said, "So, no matter how much the government has collected (tax) now, they must first repay them. Debt, and then find a way for salary. "
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100226 
Katmome condemn the Igate Summit at the position held by Nairobi and Asia Baba, under the shadow of the Sudan crisis? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-12T13:12:22
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:12:55
Description: Kenya President William Ruito and Ethiopian Prime Minister Abi Aihamad hold a position on Khamoum and give the results of the Sudan crisis of the Sudan crisis of the Sudan crisis. This leads to the tension between them.
Images: [" 1-1689166559.png ", " 1-1689166697.jpg "]
Topics: ['专家专栏', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['专家专栏', '政治', '新闻', '苏丹']
Type: Article
 Asia Baba hosted the "Igat" summit to resolve the Sudan crisis. Kenya President and Ethiopian Prime Minister attended the meeting. President Djibati and President of South Sudan were absent from the South Sudan (Anadu News Agency)
Kenya President William Ruito and Ethiopian Prime Minister Abi Aihamad hold a position on Khamoum and give the results of the Sudan crisis of the Sudan crisis of the Sudan crisis. This led to the tension between them, and Sudan threatened to suspend its qualifications in this African organization, and Sudan was one of the most famous founding countries when the organization was established in 1996.
On Monday, Siyaba, the capital of Ethiopia, hosted the Igat Summit to resolve the Sudan crisis. Kenya President William Ruito and Ethiopian Prime Minister Abi Ahmad attended the meeting. Mal Gelai and South Sudan President Salva Kil Malditt were absent.
According to the Sudan Ministry of Foreign Affairs, due to the lack of neutrality in the crisis, the Sudan government delegation led by the Sudan ambassador to Ethiopia, Jamal Shech, submitted to the Chairman of the Kenyan Igart Committee Chairman of the Kenyan Igat Committee in Asia, Ayaba. The request of the position will be exited.
Quick support forces commander Muhammad Hamdan Dagaglo "Hermeti" political adviser You Sufu Ezart attended the meeting. Allow to attend the closing meeting.
The closing statement of the summit called for the conflict to stop and dialogue immediately, emphasizing that the conflict was unable to resolve the conflict through military means, and called on the leaders of the battle between the two parties to hold a direct meeting, immediately end the violence, and signed an unconditional and indefinite agreement.
The statement called for the holding of the East African Army (ISAF) National Summit to consider deploying troops in Sudan to protect civilians and ensure the possibility of obtaining humanitarian assistance.
closed -door meeting debate 
After the summit, the President of Kenya stated that the Sudan situation urgently needed a new leadership to lead Sultan to get out of the humanitarian disaster.
On the other hand, Ethiopian Prime Minister Abi Aihamad said that Sudan was facing leadership vacuum and added: "We must not stand by, because this is a terrible consequences for him and the area. Therefore, we need Immediately take measures, including the establishment of the forbidden area and the armed forces that lift heavy artillery. "
An observers who participated in this five -hour closed -door meeting revealed that at the meeting, they argued on the absence of the government delegation at the meeting. His former deputy, Mohammed Hamdan Dagali, "Hermeti" opposed the legitimacy in October 2012 and fired the prime minister Abdullahmuk government.
According to an observer interviewed by the Peninsula TV Station, the opinions at the meeting pointed out that the folk forces authorized by the revolutionary forces and signed a framework agreement with the military department are legitimate, which can represent Sudan and approve a proposal to allow civil forces, freedom and change. Representatives of Power attended the closing meeting of the meeting.
The spokesman explained that the closing words of the conference did not mention William Ruito and Abi Aihamad questioned the political vacuum and their leadership questioned, and this is just the two stances they expressed, and they also It does not reflect the position of the "Igat" country.
deployment of the African army 
Regarding the deployment of the African army in Sudan, the East African Army Staff Chief of Staff Osman Mohammed Abbas said that he had received an order to deploy troops in Sudan. In any country in any country in any country, it is emphasized that the command must be approved by the Sudan government to execute.
Abbas explained on Twitter that the procedures for deploying troops are divided into four stages, namely: to hold a member of the member states expert meetings, propose technical suggestions, discuss the report of experts at the Chief of Staff, convene a member of the member states The head of state summit made the final decision.
Against this background, Mubarak Ador, a political official of the Social Justice Democratic Alliance, believes that the talks between William Rudo and Abi Aihamad introduced the internationalization of the Sudan crisis and the implementation of the two countries.
Ador expects that the Ethiopian army is advancing north with the name of humanitarian intervention in the name of Sudan with the participation of the Kenyan army, and the Freedom and Change Power Alliance is considering the establishment of the exile government for some time in the future.
Ador believes that Ethiopia and Kenya have the history of intervention in the region. In 2006 and 2011, they intervened in Somalia to occupy some of its land "Ogaden" and "Jubaland", which affected its sovereignty and political decision -making. Said that Sudan is not Somalia and has no disintegration. The Sudan army and the people are more united and condensed than ever.
The possibility of internationalization 
On the other hand, African corner researchers Hasan Ramanan ruled out the possibility of the internationalization of the Sudan crisis, and said that the UN Security Council believes that what happened in Sudan is internal affairs, and any description opposite will not be will be subject to this opposite description. Acceptance of the international community.
Laman said in an interview with the Peninsula TV station that Gibi President Ismel Omar Jarch -its country hosted the "Igat" meeting -and South Sudan President Salvar Kir · Malhardit's absence of the Quartet Summit reflects the differences or incompatibility of the four countries on the Sudan crisis.
The spokesman believes that on the one hand, the Security Council is the difference between Russia and China and the differences between the United States and European countries. Try to control the fertile farmland of Fishka, which is recovered from Ethiopia.
 A protest of Ethiopia and Kenya's remarks Katmome threatened to withdraw from Igart
position of all parties 
The Sudan parties have taken different stances on the Siyaba incident in Asia. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that the Sudan government "refused to deploy any foreign troops in Sudan and regarded it as an invaders."
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs also said, "We condemned Abi Ahmed called for the implementation of air embargo and withdrawal of heavy artillery, which violated the direct position and understanding of his and the chairman of the sovereignty committee, Abdul, "And believe that this violates the sovereignty of the Sudan country.
In his speech to the Igart Summit, Khatmem said, "The opinions of disrespectful respect for member states will lead to the feasibility of the Sudan government to re -consider its feasibility of joining the organization."
On the other hand, freedom and change of power welcomed the results of the summit, and regretted the decisions of the Sudan Army's delegations from participating in the meeting.
The power of freedom and change also welcomes the regional and the international community to reiterate and confirm the efforts to end the war, allow civilians to participate, and realize the desire of the Sudan people to restore democratic transitions and fully transfer power to civilians.
Restore Sudan's stable efforts.An official of the fast support forces media -refusing to disclose identity -an interview with Peninsula TV stated that the diversity of the platform extended the war and led to competition between the mediation. Reach an agreement to stop the war and restore democratic transitions and civilian rule.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/opinions/expert-column/2023/7/12/%e5%96%80%e5%9c%9f%e7%a9%86%e8%b0%b4%e8%b4%a3%e5%86%85%e7%bd%97%e6%af%95%e5%92%8c%e4%ba%9a%e7%9a%84%e6%96%af%e4%ba%9a%e8%b4%9d%e5%b7%b4%e6%89%80%e6%8c%81%e7%ab%8b%e5%9c%ba%e4%bc%8a%e5%8a%a0%e7%89%b9 
Sichuan re -transmitting electricity limits to the Chengdu Grand Games to protect the challenge 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T13:45:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:49:20-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the high -voltage electrical conveyor tower in Kangding, Sichuan Province. Sichuan has continued to have high temperatures for many days, severe water deficiency, and severe hydropower. Relevant departments have notified that the implementation of electricity -stop kiln -stop kiln was implemented. Reuters information picture
Sichuan, a large hydropower province, has continued to have high temperatures for many days, severe water dehydration, and severe hydropower. A number of cement companies have received notice from relevant departments to begin implementing electricity -stop kiln measures. The summer of 2022 seems to have signs of return.
Recently, high temperatures in Sichuan have continued. On July 8-10, Chengdu Meteorological Observatory issued a high-temperature orange warning signal for three consecutive days. On July 12, the central and eastern part of the Sichuan Basin was generally 35-36 degrees Celsius high temperature weather, and some areas reached 37-39 degrees Celsius.
According to the China Securities Times, Sichuan's power demand has continued to rise. It is expected that the largest power demand load of this summer is 66 million kilowatts, a record high. Among them, the maximum load of Chengdu Power Grid has reached 19.12 million kilowatts, which has exceeded the power grid capacity of the power grid.
Multi -land cement companies in Sichuan have received notifications to implement production adjustments. In order to avoid the congestion of the power channel, the Sichuan Power Grid Corporation and the power departments of some districts called on residents to use electricity.
At the same time, the 31st World University Student Summer Games will be held at the end of July from July to the beginning of August. It is expected that 10,000 people will participate, and the official announces that it will fully ensure the use of electricity in the World. The people of Sichuan are worried that there will be a measure of power -limiting measures.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-07122023133752.html 
The construction dispute of the new site of the Chinese Embassy in the UK has evolved into an early stalemate in Britain and China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T13:45:19-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:45:19-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The construction of the New China Embassy in the UK is planned. Network screenshot
The plan to build a new embassy in the London Tower in China was rejected by the London District Council last December. The plan has risen to diplomatic conflicts between China and the United Kingdom from the regional level.
Reuters quoted officials of China and Britain's officials that the confrontation was destroying the efforts of repairing the severe damage relationship between the two countries.
Two Chinese officials and three British officials told Reuters that the Chinese government was disappointed with the construction permits that failed to obtain the new site of the embassy and expressed dissatisfaction at the official meeting.
China bought land about 6.4 kilometers from the current site of the embassy in the central city center of London for US $ 31 million. The new and old sites are located in the "Tagura" administrative district in East London. Local officials in charge of urban construction planning basically agree to this case. However, district councilors oppose this plan for safety issues and reasons that may affect residents.
Chinese officials said they suspected that the British government conspired to prevent the new site construction plan of the embassy and planned the local opposition. A Chinese official said "this is definitely a political issue."
British officials refuted these allegations, claiming that local parliaments could decide themselves.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-07122023133413.html 
China, Russia, and Indonesia held a three -party meeting to accelerate the construction of the ASEAN community 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T13:48:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:49:07-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Foreign officials in China, Russia and Indonesia held the 56th ASEAN Foreign Minister talks in Jakarta, India on the afternoon of the 12th. Foreign officials in China, Russia, and Indonesia were held on the 12th of the 12th ASEAN Foreign Minister talks in Jakarta, India. According to Antala News Agency in Indonesia, Indonesian Foreign Minister Reituo said in the talks that Indonesia has open dialogue with all parties and will abide by international law and United Nations value and standards. Wang Yi, director of the Central Foreign Affairs Office of China, and Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov emphasized the central position of ASEAN. The two also expressed support for Indonesia as the rotating chairman of ASEAN. According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, Wang Yi, director of the China Central Foreign Office, said that China, Russia, and Indonesia are also important members of the Emerging Markets and the Group of Twenty Groups. Exchange and cooperation will help the multilateral process and promote regional peace and stability. China supports ASEAN -centered regional cooperation architecture to accelerate the construction of ASEAN community Raft Ravorov and Reitino that the meeting is a useful attempt to communicate with the three parties. The three parties also exchanged their views on food and energy security. It is understood that the Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang was unwell. Wang Yi replaced him this week to participate in the two -day Southeast Asian National Alliance (ASEAN) summit held in Jakarta, Indonesia this week. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-07122023134631.html 
NATO commissions stated that Chinese ambitions and coercion 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T13:56:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T14:35:57-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The leaders of Germany, France, Japan, the United States, U.S., Ukraine, Canada, and Italy, as well as the chairman of the European Council and the Chairman of the European Commission, took a group photo on the 12th. The Associated Press picture issued a communique on the 11th, saying that China challenged NATO's interests, security and values with its "ambition and coercion policy". The bulletin also paid attention to China's nuclear capabilities. NATO Bulletin also said that China and Russia are deepening their strategic partnerships, and the two countries are strengthening their efforts to weaken their international order. The leaders of NATO member states have called on China to do a good job in the constructive role of members of the United Nations Security Council and condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The communiqué also said that China is rapidly expanding its nuclear arsenal and diversified to establish a trinity and nuclear strike capability. The Chinese ambassador to the European Union responded to this that "NATO repeatedly declared that it was a nuclear alliance in the communiqué, and it would only further exacerbate regional tensions, and the Chinese side focused on this." The Chinese EU Embassy also said that Beijing opposed NATO East Expansion To the Asia -Pacific region and warned, "China will take a resolute action on the behavior that endangers the legitimate rights and interests of the Chinese side." Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-07122023135035.html 
The Mexican explosion attack killed 3 policemen 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T14:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T13:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Gwadahara, Mexico, 12th) Governor of Jalisco, Mexico, said that the explosion attacks that happened yesterday 10 people were injured.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Enriquealfaro wrote on a social website Twitter that the police and the State Prosecutor's Office staff suffered a "cowardly explosion attack" and initially killed 3 police officers and 10 injuries.
Afrao said: "This is an incident that has never been seen before, showing what these organizations can do." He even added: "Overall, this attack also represents the challenges faced by Mexico."
Harrisco is located in western Mexico and is the base of Jalisco New GenerationCartel, one of the most powerful drug trafficking groups. This organization inserts all parts of Mexico and involved in disputes with other drug trafficking organizations.
Afro said that the "continuous meeting" of the security authorities of Harrisco was investigated to investigate the attack, and the incident has not yet been blamed on a specific criminal organization.
According to the local TELEVISA, the explosion occurred near the vehicle by a safety official.
Although the car bomb attack was rare in Mexico, a car bomb killed a national guard member in Guanajuato in June and injured several people. Guawaro was also deeply impacted by violent incidents related to drug trafficking groups.
GUERRERO in the south had 13 security personnel abducted by the protesters yesterday after the negotiations reached an agreement.
Officials said the protesters were infiltrated by criminal organizations. Garrlo has also been plagued by the violent conflict between the site between the drug trafficking group in recent years.
The Mexican government launched a disputed military operation in 2006. After that, more than 340,000 murders and about 100,000 disappeared cases have occurred, most of which are blamed on criminal organizations.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E5%A2%A8%E8%A5%BF%E5%93%A5%E7%88%86%E7%82%B8%E6%94%BB%E5%87%BB%E9%80%A0%E6%88%903%E8%AD%A6%E4%B8%A7%E7%94%9F 
France requires Douyin to provide a list of respect for personal data protection in Europe 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T14:08:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T14:14:47-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Ophenya, a user of Tiktok (Douyin Overseas Edition) in France, showed his Douyin account content on June 8th, a net red brokerage company in Paris. Agence France-Presse Photo French Digital Minister Jean-NOëL Barrot said: "Tiktok (Douyin Overseas Edition) violated European personal data protection regulations. Users, especially children, are limited and areolated. "The French minister said at the French Senate hearing," "Douyin's 1.7 billion downloads and its relationship with China have caused vigilance, including questioning geopolitical issues. "According to the minister," On August 25 next year, the date of effective European digital service regulations, Tiktok must fulfill the obligations of transparency and algorithm review like all major platforms. "The committee called on the French government if Tiktok was not in January 2024, 2024 Before the 1st, clarify the nature of the relationship with the Chinese authorities, and did not implement the "valid" review and "effective age regulations", it was necessary to suspend operation, even if the platform is a short video platform loved by young people. The French Senate Investigation Committee released a relevant report saying that videos transmitted by the Tiktok application of byte bumping companies may be conducive to the use of Chinese authorities to monitor and promote riots, thereby weakening the image of democratic society. These social networks have been accused of participating in the spread of the recent urban violence in France. According to Agence France -Presse, Tiktok responded: "We strongly disagree with the conclusion of this report, which does not accurately reflect the facts." The application is used by about 150 million Americans and the same number of Europeans per month. Tiktok also claims to be "completely separated" with the Chinese government. Tiktok is facing more and more restrictions in the West, especially to cause concerns about network security. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-07122023135659.html 
Thai Election Commission: It is recommended that the Constitutional Court suspension of the duties of MPs 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T14:08
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:28
Description: On the eve of the New Prime Minister of the Thai Parliament, the Thai Election Commission announced that it would submit the party leader of the party leader to hold a media company ITV shares to be considered by the Constitutional Court, and it is recommended that the duties of members of the pagoda suspended. According to the Thai media PBS report, the committee on Wednesday ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['泰国', '前进党', '披塔', '选举委员会']
On the eve of the new Prime Minister of the Thai Parliament, The Thai Election Commission announced , During the campaign, the party leader of the party party held the joint case of the media company's ITV shares to be reviewed by the Constitutional Court, and suggested that the duties of members of the pagoda suspended.
According to the Thai media PBS report, the committee announced the above news on Wednesday (July 12). The authorities also suggested that the Constitutional Court ordered the duty of parliamentarians to immediately suspend the duties of parliamentarians until the court decided to accept the case in the next three days.
The Election Commission said on the same day that according to the results of the Election Committee, the authorities believed that there was sufficient evidence that when the Tower was registered as a candidate for the election, it held 420,000 shares of ITV of the media company.
The Election Commission said that the authorities would hand over the case to the Constitutional Court to rulks whether the pagoda violated the election law. "According to the Thai Constitution, the Election Commission found that there are reasons to terminate the qualifications of the Pagoda ... The incident will be submitted to the Constitutional Court."
However, the Tower responded to the unfair move of the election committee on the same day. He said: "The Election Commission has not summoned me, and I think this is unfair. The regulations allow me to defend myself.
The Thai Congress will hold a joint parliament of the two houses on Thursday (13th) to select a new Prime Minister. This decision of the election committee will increase uncertainty to the parliament tomorrow.
The APMP responded to this decision. The election committee did not comply with its own regulations and violated the crime of malfeasance of Article 157 in Thailand's Criminal Law.
The Eight Party Leaders led by the Party have controlled 312 of the 500 seats in the House of Commons. However, if you want to serve as Prime Minister, he must receive more than half of the 750 seats (376 votes) of the upper and lower courtyards, and he is still 64 votes.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413028 
The Philippine "Barbie" is required to be released after the configuration map of the blurring controversy 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T14:10:00Z
Description: After conducting a "detailed" review of the film "Barbie", the Philippine reviewer was convinced that the "cartoon map" did not depict the "nine sections". After asking the lines on the map, they have allowed "Barbie" to be released in the Philippines theater. The seventh anniversary of the South China Sea Arbitration Case.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '南中国海主权争端', '菲律宾', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['南中国海', '南海', '争议', '地图九', '段线', '菲律宾', '中国', '芭比娃娃', '电影审查', '主权争议']
Id: 66203077
The fantasy comedy movie "Barbie" is directed by director Greta Gerwig, starring Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The Philippine Censors said on Wednesday (July 12) that after the line required the Hollywood film company to blur the lines on the map that caused controversy, they have allowed "Barbie" to be released in the Philippine theater.
This fantasy comedy movie "Barbie", which is the protagonist with popular toy characters Barbie, is directed by female director Greta Gerwig. It was released in the Philippines on the 19th.
According to Chinese media reports, Mainland China will also release the movie "Barbie", which is scheduled to be on July 21st.
After conducting two reviews of the film and consulting officials and legal experts, the Philippine government film and television review and hierarchical committee stated that the film will be released.
According to reports, in Vietnam's prohibition of "Barbie" to be released After that, the Philippines also started reviewing the film last week. The reason is that the so -called Nine Section Line "maps appear in the film China uses this line to identify its sovereignty on the South China Sea.
Beijing claims to have sovereignty over the South China Sea, and other Southeast Asian countries such as the Philippines, Malaysia, and Vietnam have also proposed sovereignty claims on the South China Sea.
However, after the "detailed" review of the film, the Philippine reviewer was convinced that the "cartoon map" did not depict the "nine sections".
In a statement, the review committee said: "The map depicts the fictional route from Barbie from Barbi to 'Real World', as part of its story." This decision made this decision because we did not hesitate to sanction in the film to show the fictional 'nine -stage "film creators, producers and publishers."
Another letter from the review agency to the Philippine Senator FrancistOLELELENTINO said that they had demanded controversial lines on the "blurred" map of Hollywood film company Warner. Earlier, Terrennino criticized the film "infringing the right to Filipino fishermen."
The reviewer said that the dotted line drawn in the "child -like way" appeared on many positions on the map in the film, including Europe, North America, South America, Africa, and surrounding land. There are only eight dotted lines found around the mainland marked "Asia".
"In addition, the Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia cannot be seen on the map." The committee said in a letter shared to reporters on July 11, "This is" this and the banned movie "Snowman Strange" (2019) and "Mysterious Sea) and" Mysterious Sea) 》 Maps presented in (2022) completely different. "
Warner Bros. did not immediately respond to the commentary request of Agence France -Presse. However, the "Variety" magazine quoted the Warner Bros. spokesperson that this map was "childish crayma painting" and "unintentionally made any form of statement."
More reading — Tools of Power: Maps of each country are very different? 
The picture shows a map of the South China Sea in Nanhai, a maritime defense education facility in Nanjing, China
At this time, the International Arbitration Court ruled the seventh anniversary of the dispute over the sovereignty of the South China Sea. July 2016, the International Arbitration Court of Hague made a ruling, arguing that China does not enjoy historic rights based on the "nine -segment line" for the South China Sea natural resources. China refused to recognize the ruling.
According to Reuters, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Wang Wenbin once again emphasized at a regular press conference on Wednesday (July 12) that China does not accept or recognize the 2016 South China Sea Arbitration Case, and does not accept any based on this. The claims and actions of the ruling. Earlier, the Philippine Foreign Minister Manaro issued a statement to commemorate the 7th anniversary of the South China Sea arbitration case.
According to the Asian report, on the 7th anniversary of the South China Sea arbitration case, the Philippine authorities also launched a website that contains "official information" about Manila's victory in the arbitration.
More reading: South China Sea Arbitration Case Q & A 
(Agence France -Presse, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/要求虚化争议地图后-菲律宾准许《芭比》上映/a-66203077?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
German Media: Ace in China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T14:12:00Z
Description: The "World Daily" article pointed out that it is risky to adopt a stronger position in China, calling on the European Union and Germany to act carefully. West Germany's comment wrote that Lithuania, the host of the NATO summit, is a model worth learning in Germany.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['德中关系', '希腊债务危机', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '诺贝尔奖', '欧洲难民危机']
Keywords: ['去风险', '脱钩', '中国', '贸易战', '北约峰会', '立陶宛', '中国战略', '欧盟', '台湾', '强权即公理', '俄乌战争']
Id: 66203199
Chinese container at Duisburg Wharf in Germany: Germany's economy still depends on China
(Voice of Germany) The long -breaking Germany "China Strategy" is about to be released Although "de -risk" and "decourse" have become keywords in the European political circle, the comment article "The World News" published by the German "World News" pointed out that it is a tough position for China. Risk.
This article written by Alexander Görlach pointed out that now European countries re -position their policy of China -that is, the position of free trade has been higher than politics in the past 30 years This kind of behavior further shows that "the global decision -making world order may be about to end."
The comments said: "Since Ukraine's illegal attack, the world has seen the NATO countries unexpectedly united. In the Pacific, all partners in the United States have alliance with Washington and promised to invest more funds in military. So as to ensure the safety of their people. All countries are worried that Chinese leaders Xi Jinping wants to verify his "power of power is righteous" on their territory. The first thing that is the democratic island country that has never belonged to the People's Republic of China. "
With the lessons of the Russian and Ukraine War, countries around the world are more cautious about China. However, if the Taiwan Strait really broke out, can the previous sanctions on Russia applied to China? The article takes Germany as an example, quoting the report data from the Kirl World Institute of Economics (IFW): "China and Taiwan occupy a dominant position in the import of 221 products in Germany, and most of the import shares exceed 80%. Therefore, the Taiwan Strait of the Taiwan Strait Conflicts will be a double disaster for German trade. "
The comment wrote, "even if the sources of alternative supply of rare earth cannot be found in the short term, German and European politicians are still trying to" decide "or" risk ", so as not to be blackmailed by China in an emergency." However, the author also cited China. In the past, economic sanctions on Australia, threats to Sweden and Lithuania, and "restricted Korean order" issued by China after purchasing new weapons technology in South Korea as an example, reminding European countries, especially exporting countries, and Germany must "be the reality as soon as possible in reality as soon as possible Geopolitics is prepared for psychological preparation. " The article states: "The Chinese government has demonstrated how it treats countries that dislikes dislikes." And calling on its tough stance to China, it must also consider its risks.
West Vedes will (WDR) reporter Felixwessel from the NATO Summit at the NATO Summit's "Why should we follow Lithuania" article written that Lithuania, who is next to Russia and Belarus, has always been alert Before Ukraine was invaded, the Lithuanians had warned us on Russia. When we were still busy laid a pipeline for Beixi No. 2, they were trying to get rid of the dependence on Moscow. As early as 2014, Cremi, that is, Crimi, that is, Climi, that is, Climi, that is, Cremi In the year of the occupation of Asia, Lithuania opened a liquefied gas pier. This is far from "German efficiency" far from catching up. "
Nevertheless, the author said: "The good news is that we can learn something from Lithuania. That is: do not commit a similar mistake to Russia in response to China."
The article refers to the risk of conflict between the Taiwan Strait: "If the Chinese army really attacks Taiwan, what will happen? Taking our car manufacturer as an example, their 40%of their sales come from the Chinese market. How will our economy cope with this consequence ? Politicians have been talking about the "de -risk" to China, Daniel Cologne’s German Institute of Economics (IW) recently studied the opposite conclusion of some raw materials, basic chemicals and electronic components -not seeing diverse diverse seeing diverse Signs Essence Lithuania Foreign Minister Langzbris described the scene in his eyes: this is like we are building the next Beixi No. 2. "
" Lithuania not only relys on China as much as we, but even reducing dependence. Since Taiwan has established a representative office in Lithuania in the name of "Taiwan", Lithuania has faced political pressure and economic punishment from China. However, in the face of this non -democratic economic power, Lithuania with a population of only 2.8 million has not shrunk, and this trick finally works. The author pointed out at the end: "Even if this cannot be transplanted to Germany, we can still learn from their experience."
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：中国手中的王牌/a-66203199?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Seven Kingdoms Group provides security for Ukraine 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-12T14:50:00Z
Description: Because NATO did not submit an invitation to the Alliance to Ukraine, President Ukradiski previously made a sharp criticism. However, the Seventh Kingdom Group issued a joint statement during the NATO summit, which will provide security guarantee for Ukraine. Zelei claims that this result is an important success to Ukraine.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '乌克兰', '北大西洋公约组织', '美国', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '北约', '美国', '拜登', '七国集团', 'G7', '安全保障', '入盟', '泽连斯基']
Id: 66203701
G7 announced the provision of security for Ukraine
(Voice of Germany) in Ukraine has not yet become NATO Prior to the member country, the Seven -way Group will provide Ukraine with long -term military and funding assistance. Members of the United States and Germany, etc., are expected to provide advanced equipment for Air Force and Navy to Ukraine. The relevant agreement was signed on the occasion of the NATO summit on Wednesday afternoon. However, this security is far less than that of NATO. Because in the next case, once they were attacked, all member states were obliged to send soldiers.
According to the latest report of the German New News Agency, the results of the Ukrainian President Zelezki said that the results of the NATO Summit were an important success to the country. When meeting with the G7 leader in Vernis in Lithuania on Wednesday, he said: "This has given us new possibilities in the security field. I thank all those who have contributed to this result." He said, so that Ukraine is in the Ukraine is in the The road to NATO was safe.
After the principle is reached with G7, Ukraine will negotiate with bilateral countries.
On Tuesday, Zelei Hope Ukraine was invited to join NATO Hope has fallen. He made a sharp criticism, calling it the weakness of the West, and was in China and Russia. First, the invitation to NATO's invitation to Ukraine is the United States and Germany. These two countries are the most important weapon suppliers of Ukraine. The two countries hope to continue to provide specific military assistance to the country in order to better self -defense.
On the second day of the summit, Zerrenki issued a echo tone. After the announcement of the security guarantee of the Seventh Kingdom Group, he said that he could "determine that the result of the summit is good." But if you are invited to join NATO "will be the ideal result". He also said that it is clear that as long as the war is still continuing, this will not happen.
G7 leader and Zeelianzki announced a joint statement to provide support for Ukraine
Provide modern equipment for "Air and Sea" 
The agreement of the Seventh Kingdoms Group is to make the Ukrainian army capable of defending the country and strong enough after the war, so that Russia dare not attack it anymore. According to the documents obtained by Germany, it will provide modern equipment in the Air Force and the Navy. Among them, the air combat system is called key capabilities -but it does not mention specific weapon systems, such as fighter jets or armed drones. What kinds of assistance will provide, it has not been determined.
In addition, the specific timetable has not been listed. So far, Germany and other G7 countries mainly provide weapons for the Ukraine Army, and have not yet supplied Western fighter jets and warships to the country. The statement also mentioned support, training the army and providing information for the Ukrainian defense industry. In addition, the G7 is expected to continue to provide financial support for the country.
The Kremlin said that the security commitment of G7 was dangerous. "We think this is extremely wrong and potentially dangerous," said Putin spokesman Dmitripeskow. "They provide security for Ukraine, which means damage to Russia's security."
Zelenezki was at the NATO summit
"Israel Mode" 
US President Biden In an interview broadcast on Sunday, CNN describes the general mode of protecting Kiev. He said the United States is willing to provide Ukraine with a protection of Israel after the Russian aggression war. In this proposal, Biden refers to the time between the end of the war and the possible joining NATO. He said that it takes time to join NATO. During this period, United States Can provide Ukraine with the necessary weapons to make it have the ability to self -defense.
The United States provides about 3.8 billion US dollars for Israel each year -considerable parts for missiles and military technology. The latest report of the United States Congress stated that no country has won more support from the United States than Israel since World War II. Today, the United States has provided large -scale assistance to Ukraine: Since the outbreak of the war in February 2022, the United States has said it has provided or promised to provide or promise to more than $ 40 billion in military assistance.
Britain announced on Wednesday that it will provide more than 70 battles and transportation vehicles for Ukraine, as well as thousands of ammunition supporting challengers 2 tanks that have provided the country. Britain said that the Ukrainian army has the ability to transport ammunition, equipment, wounded and other capabilities.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said that continuing weapons is the most important task to support Ukraine. "Of course, the most urgent is to ensure that Ukraine can stick to it. Because if Ukraine does not exist, it will not be able to talk about joining NATO." Stotenberg and Zelenesky then attended the newly established NATO-Ukraine-Council. The first meeting.
Bilateral talks between Zelei and German Chancellor Shrz
Germany provided nearly 700 million euros of new weapons 
German Chancellor Savz promised Ukraine on Tuesday at the opening of the summit to provide a new batch of weapons worth nearly 700 million euros. These include tanks, patriots' air defense equipment, and 20,000 artillery and ammunition. However, Germany's previous negotiations on the summit documents opposed the use of a process table with a clear prospect for adding NATO to Ukraine. During the summit, Shulz also held a bilateral meeting with Zellezki.
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/七国集团为乌克兰提供安全保障/a-66203701?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Foreign Minister of Thailand confirmed that he had met with Weng Shan Shuzhi 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T14:58
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T14:58
Description: Thai Foreign Minister Tunbamuwa said that he met Weng Shan Shuzhi, a former elected government leader of Myanmar last week, and revealed that the other party had a good physical condition. Agence France -Presse reported that Dunbamuwa Wedneson on Wednesday (July 12) told reporters at the off -site of the Asian Foreign Minister Conference in Jakarta, Indonesia: "...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['泰国', '缅甸', '翁山淑枝', '亚细安']
Thai Foreign Minister Tunbamuwa said that he met Weng Shan Shuzhi, a former elected government leader of Myanmar last week, and revealed that the other party had a good physical condition.
Agence France -Presse reported that Dunbamuwa Wedneson on Wednesday (July 12) told reporters at the off -site at the Ashi Security Foreign Minister Conference in Jakarta, Indonesia: "With a meeting, her (Wengshan Shuzhi) has a good physical condition, and it is a one. Very good meeting. "
He revealed that he met Weng Shan Shuzhi last Sunday (9th). This is believed to be the first time that the Burmese army launched a coup in 2021, and for the first time, foreign envoys met Weng Shan Shuzhi for the first time.
In February 2021, after the military launched a coup, she detained her, and then she was sentenced to 33 years in prison for corruption and other allegations Essence
"She encouraged to start a dialogue" and once again advocated contact with the Burmese army.
The government of Asian and the Burmese Government reached a five -point consensus in April 2021 Including the Burmese Army's stop violence, constructive dialogue with all parties of Myanmar, etc., bring peace to Myanmar. As the Burmese government has not actually implemented these consensus, the Asianan has banned the Burmese military government leaders from attending the Asia Gyeong -level meeting. However, Thailand held an informal meeting last month Re -contact the Burmese military government caused controversy.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413045 
Ukraine: Kiev City hit 11 Russian drones all night overnight 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T15:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T14:50:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, Kiev, 12th) Ukraine said today that the Ukrainian army shot down 11 Russian drones all night, while the capital Kiev City was attacked for two consecutive nights.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On the occasion of the Ukrainian President Volodymrzlenskyy in the Cito Capital, the leader of the North Atlantic Treaty (NATO). The drone participated in the attack, of which 11 were shot down in the responsibility area of the Central and Eastern Air Force Headquarters. "
The statement did not mention whether other drones were shot down in other parts of Ukraine.
Igortaburets, governor of Cherkasy, central Ukraine, said two people were sent to the hospital for burns after a drone hit a non -residential building.
Tabritz pointed out that Chelkasa is in a air strike alarm for more than three and a half hours.
Kyiv (Kyiv) Military and Political Agency stated that Kiev, the capital, was also attacked by drones, but did not disclose the number of drones.
The CITIC Military and Political Agency wrote on the community media: "All the enemy targets in the leading air around Kiev City have been detected and destroyed." No injuries or damage notifications.
The air strike alerts in Kiev's city lasted for more than 2 hours.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0-%E5%9F%BA%E8%BE%85%E5%B8%82%E8%BF%9E%E5%A4%9C%E9%81%87%E8%A2%AD-%E6%95%B4%E6%99%9A%E5%87%BB%E8%90%BD11%E6%9E%B6%E4%BF%84%E5%86%9B%E6%97%A0%E4%BA%BA%E6%9C%BA 
American expert: China may attack Taiwan within 12 to 18 months 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T15:14:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:30:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Hudson Institute of Washington think tank in the United States held a seminar on July 12, 2023 on whether the war broke out in the Taiwan Strait and the invasion of Taiwan, such as China, and the PLA's attack time point. Video Screenshot/Hudson Research Institute's official website Audio-LLINK: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj 07122023113845.html/@stream With the competition between the United States and China and the increasingly upgraded cross -strait conflict, Taiwan issues have become the focus of attention from the international community. So, will the Taiwan Strait burst out? If China invades Taiwan, when will the PLA's attack time point be? On Wednesday, the American academic community discussed the above issues.
What is the intention of Xi Jinping to inspect the southern and eastern theater? * Xi Jinping inspected the Eastern theater of the PLA to speed up and improve the win -win ability ** Xi Jinping inspected the southern theater navy to emphasize deepening military training preparations As the presidential election of Taiwan is about to begin early next year, the security issues of the Taiwan Strait will once again become the focus of attention from all walks of life. On July 24th, Taiwan will conduct a real soldiers in Hanguang No. 39. The National Army in Taiwan will actually exercise how to deal with China's possible invasion. Taiwan's counties and cities will also exercise how to conduct air defense exercises and evacuate refuge at the same time at the same time.
At the same time, on Wednesday, the Hudson Institute of Washington Think Tank, the United States, also held a seminar to discuss the Chinese offense schedule of China.
At the meeting, Kylebass, the founder of Hayman Capital Management L.P., believes that in the near future, Chinese President Xi Jinping has a high possibility that he will determine Taiwan. Baths pointed out that since 2020, the Beijing authorities have revised many legal integration of domestic resources. At the same time, it has also made preparations for Taiwan to send troops through the diversification of oil imports, increased gold reserves, and increased food stocks.
American Expert: The first step of China ’s attack to cut off Taiwan’ s foreign communication 
According to Bath's analysis, if the Taiwan Strait War broke out, China's primary goal is to block information blocking Taiwan. This is a lesson from China from the Russian and Ukraine War: "If China attacks Taiwan, information control will be the key, and the Communist Party of China is often very common. It is very important to mention the flow of information that cuts off Taiwan and the world. Before the United Lingjian exercise, China cuts off the cable between Taiwan Island and Matsu, so you can know what China's intention is. "
At the meeting, Kylebass, the founder of Hayman CapitalManagement L.P., believes that in the near future, Chinese President Xi Jinping has a high possibility that he will determine Taiwan. (Video Screenshot/Hudson Research Institute's official website) Bath believes that China is now in the condition of blocking economic data, which is also preparing for Wu Tong Taiwan: "We can only get the economic data after Xi Jinping's nuclear standards. We cannot get other information. This is a strategy. This is a strategy. Although we know that China's youth unemployment rate has reached 20%and China's economic performance is not good, Xi Jinping does not want Western media to continue to report on China's economic problems, so he decided to hide data directly. "
Expert: Xi Jinping’s attacking Taiwan decides will not be out of rationality 
Bath's analysis of the financial trend pointed out that China is likely to attack Taiwan in the next 12 to 18 months: "China hopes to start attacking before being investigated, so I think that China's time to attack Taiwan will be faster than expected. ","
When will China attack Taiwan, and all parties have different views. A U.S. Air Force will predict in an internal document that the United States will start war in Taiwan in 2025. In October last year, a general of the U.S. Navy predicted that the U.S. army first needed to prepare for potential conflicts with China this year. In addition, the former commander of the United States India -Pacific Command recently stated that he insisted that China would invade Taiwan by 2027.
Bath also mentioned that Xi Jinping is not a rational actor in the issue of Wu Tong Taiwan. In other words, although attacking Taiwan will reverse the Chinese economy and endanger China's prestige in the international community, Xi Jinping will still be alone. At the same time, Bath also believes that unified Taiwan will not be the ultimate goal of the Beijing authorities. Taiwan will only expand its influence to Southeast Asia and the Pacific Island country.
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Responsible: Shen Yan.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-07122023113845.html 
Millions of British people have difficulty paying the monthly bill savings account withdrawal amount to record new highs 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-12T15:23:13
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T15:23:13
Description: Due to the high inflation rate and unprecedented high price wave, for millions of British people, the monthly payment bill has become a real nightmare. About 11 million British people are now difficult to pay monthly bills or repay cumulative debts.
Images: [" 1-1689174444.png "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻', '经济']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '经济', '英国']
Type: Article
 The British government refuses to provide any assistance, claiming that this means more borrowing and higher inflation (Gaidi image)
Due to the high inflation rate and unprecedented high price wave, for millions of British people, the monthly payment bill has become a real nightmare. About 11 million British people are now difficult to pay monthly bills or repay cumulative debts.
A study by the British Financial Behavior Regulatory Bureau (FCA) shows that the number of British people who are difficult to pay the monthly bills have increased from 7.8 million last year to 10.9 million this year. It is expected that by the end of this year, this number will exceed 12 million British people.
Due to this unprecedented crisis, the central bank announced that in May, the United Kingdom has extracted about 4.6 billion pounds from the savings account, which is a record that has never been since 1997 -that is, 27 years ago.
Nightmare of payment bills 
According to data from the British Financial Behavior Regulatory Commission, this is no longer just the issue of paying the bill on time, but the problem turned to installment payment and debt defaults. This is because 5.6 million people announced the debt, which increased by 1.4 million people over the previous year. Essence
The main reason for this crisis is that the monthly installment payment of liabilities has increased dramatically (the premium has risen by about 500 pounds). In addition, the rent price of houses has also increased by 21%.
According to research by British research institutions, one -third of British repayment increased monthly, while more than 34%of British rent prices rose. At the same time, this number is expected to rise next year. One of the British will renew the loan -related loan.
cut the expenses 
The crisis of rising prices has prompted millions of British people to significantly reduce expenses. A survey by British Insurance Corporation showed that 6.2 million people claimed to cancel or reduce insurance this year.
A survey by HSBC also shows that 78%of British are looking for ways to reduce expenses this year, of which 45%said that they are cutting food and drinking expenses while looking for the cheapest shops to buy food.
HSBC -considered one of the largest banks in the UK -also announced that many electronic applications, gyms and other monthly subscribed for more than 200,000 monthly subscriptions will be canceled.
Resort to savings 
The central bank stated that it set a record of withdrawing funds from long -term savings accounts. If the owner of the long -term savings account will be fined if the fund is withdrawn before the time limit is agreed with the bank. The highest level.
As for the savings account that is easy to access, the owner can withdraw funds at any time, because this will not bring interest income to the storage households.
On the other hand, those who have funds other than banks deposit funds into banks in order to use high interest rates. The funding return of the bank in one year is as high as 8.7%. In May alone, these deposits reached £ 4.9 billion.
Call for the government to support 
Some people call on the government to provide assistance to the British under economic difficulties, especially real estate loan owners, their debt stages increased in unprecedented ways.
Nearly 25,000 people signed a petition, calling on the government to take the actions taken by the government in the 1980s and the 1990s, that is, deducting the monthly payment of house purchase debts from the original salary before deducting taxes. The revenue before the tax deduction is 4,000 pounds, and the monthly installment payment is deducted (within 1500 pounds), and the remaining amount will be 2,500 pounds. The remaining part is the national income tax. Essence
However, the government has refused to provide any assistance so far, claiming that any assistance means more borrowing and higher inflation. The government is trying to reduce this problem through a solution that is also the only solution, which is to increase interest rates.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/economy/2023/7/12/%e6%95%b0%e7%99%be%e4%b8%87%e8%8b%b1%e5%9b%bd%e4%ba%ba%e9%9a%be%e4%bb%a5%e6%94%af%e4%bb%98%e6%af%8f%e6%9c%88%e8%b4%a6%e5%8d%95%e5%82%a8%e8%93%84%e8%b4%a6%e6%88%b7%e6%8f%90%e6%ac%be%e6%95%b0%e9%a2%9d 
On the occasion of the situation on the Peninsula of the US, Japan, and South Korea, the forward missile for launching remote missiles in North Korea showed strength 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T15:26:06+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 07:26:06Z
Description: North Korea launched a long -range ballistic missile with a range of 1,000 kilometers on Wednesday (July 12, 2023). It is believed that Pyongyang's move may be related to the government's heads of the three countries of the United States, Japan and South Korea, and military commanders to discuss the situation on the peninsula.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['朝鲜半岛局势', '亚太', '美国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/north-korea-launched-ballistic-missile-with-the-longest-flight-time-20230712/7177225.html 
Column | Network Game: Anti -News Ukraine Anti -Russian War Log has a Chinese version 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T15:38:31-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T15:38:31-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 American Chinese Volunteer Billy engaged in volunteer work such as English teaching and website translation in Ukraine Photo source: Billy provides Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/wangluboboyi/iwar-071223150005.html/@stream In the last issue of "Network Game", the Chinese East Brother who lived in Europe told what he saw that he had seen his opinions and hearing of humanitarian rescue volunteers in Ukraine.
Dongge often reposted a news called "Ukraine Anti -Russian War Log" website on social media, and confirmed through testing that this is a website that cannot be opened in China and the Chinese people need to go through the wall to log in. The Chinese version of this website is [https://puddle-mechanic-01d.notion.site/Chinese-011906F3D2074D62A8DB46C7C53F1A00]](https://puddle-mechanic-01d.notion.site/Chinese-011906f3d2074d62a8db46c7c53f1a00)Essence
What does this website make significance for Chinese people around the world to understand the Russian invasion of Ukraine?
In today's program, we invite the Chinese version editor and translated by the Chinese version of the Ukraine Anti -Russian World Website to introduce this website to everyone. Billy is a Chinese American who is currently a volunteer in Odessa, a city in southern Ukraine.
American Chinese volunteer Billy's residence in Odessa, Ukraine.(Photo source: Billy provided) Russia's invasion of Ukraine was one of the sensitive topics in Chinese networks and social media. Opposition to war, criticize Russian President Putin, and unfavorable remarks on Russia are often deleted and blocked.
According to Billy, at the beginning of the Russian invasion of the Ukrainian war in February last year, the Ukrainian non -governmental organization Anomaly created the Ukrainian anti -Russian log website to summarize, extract, and release the latest news about the war every day to fight fake news about the war.
Billy said that the sources of the Ukraine Anti -Russian World Website are mainly Western news media and the Ukrainian government and military agencies.
76 -year -old Billy is also a member of the Odessa combat cat group created by Dongge's Ukrainian human -neighborhood rescue group. Billy said that after he invaded the Ukrainian war in Russia, he was very disgusted with the "Russian fan" remarks and decided to support Ukraine with actual actions. Therefore, he arrived in Ukraine in March last year and engaged in voluntary work.
Free Asia's "Network Game" program focuses on the state of freedom of China's network, focusing on the contents of the banned by the Chinese network.
For details on this show, please click on the audio connection of the "Network Game" program on this page. Welcome everyone to collect audio files and transfer the audio links of this show online.
Moderator Xiaoan's social media:
Twitter account: https://twitter.com/xiaoan000
Facebook account: https://www.facebook.com/pei.an.58 Disclaimer: The view of the interviewed by Radio Free Asia does not necessarily represent the position of Radio Free Asia.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/wangluoboyi/iwar-07122023150005.html 
Climate issue special envoy Kerry visited Huablinken called on Chinese officials to visit the United States to continue the conversation 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T15:42:01+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 07:42:01Z
Description: Following the US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Treasury Minister Janet Yellen, John Kerry, a special envoy of climate, will also visit China from 16th to 19th. This is the recent recent The third American official who visited China. At the same time, Brinken also called on Chinese officials to visit the United States to ensure that the two sides continue to dialogue, which is not only important to each other, but it is important to each other.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '美国', '生态环境', '中国', '全球议题']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/john-kerry-heads-to-china-next-weeks-as-blinken-calls-on-chinese-counterparts-to-visit-the-us-20230712/7177233.html 
A explosion in Mexico attacking the third policeman was injured by 10 people dying 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T15:46
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T15:46
Description: A explosion attack occurred in Halisco in western Mexico, causing three police officers to die, and another 10 were injured. Agence France -Presse reported that the Governor of Halisco, Alfaro, tweeted that the explosion attack occurred on Tuesday (July 11) and pointed out that local police officers and ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['墨西哥', '炸弹袭击']
A explosion attack occurred in Halisco in western Mexico, causing three police officers to die, and another 10 were injured.
Agence France -Presse reported that the governor of Halisco, Alfaro, tweeted that the explosion attack occurred on Tuesday (July 11), and said that local police officers and staff from the prosecutor's office "suffered a despicable" By explosion device attack ".
It was initially discovered that the incident killed three staff members from the local police station and prosecutor's office, and 10 other people were injured.
"This unprecedented incident shows the ability of these criminal groups ... This attack is also a challenge to the entire state."
This western state is a local activity base for a local drug trafficking group. It is also one of Mexico's most powerful drug trafficking group.
A policeman said that the authorities received a notification after 8 pm on Tuesday, saying that there was a car on a cars in the suburbs of Guadalahara and there were five people in the car. According to local media reports, the explosion occurred near a car taken by security personnel.
Search personnel and several ambulances then arrived and sent the wounded to hospital for treatment.
The survey is in progress.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413169 
The Chinese army held a large -scale exercise in a two -day consecutive day in the southern sea and air joint training 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T15:57:28+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 07:57:28Z
Description: The Ministry of National Defense of Taiwan stated that the CCP's Air Force and the Navy conducted another large -scale exercise in southern and southwestern Taiwan on Tuesday (July 11). pressure.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '中国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/taiwan-says-pla-stages-mass-drill-south-of-island-20230712/7177241.html 
The wanted Hong Kong activist Guo Fengyi Pan was soon obtained by US politics asylum 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:03:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:23:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Guo Fengyi, who was wanted by the National Security Bureau of Hong Kong, appeared near the White House Washington on the 10th. Reuters pictures
The National Security Bureau of Hong Kong recently wanted eight overseas Hong Kong democratic activities, and each made a reward of million Hong Kong dollars. Annakwok, executive director of the Hong Kong Democratic Commission in Washington, USA, is one of the wanted people. She is worried about personal security and hopes to get political asylum as soon as possible in the United States.
Guo Fengyi, 26, was a former Hong Kong student activist and left Hong Kong in 2020. After the Chinese government and the Hong Kong Government were promoted the "Hong Kong Edition National Security Law", they became one of the few active overseas Hong Kong democrats.
According to Reuters, Guo Fengyi said that although she was even more worried about the personal safety of the bumper wanted, she would still say US officials and Congress on the issue of Hong Kong. Guo Fengyi said that once she returned to Hong Kong, she would be arrested.
The report said that although Guo Fengyi has made a political asylum application for more than a year, there is still no following.
The Washington Hong Kong Democratic Committee recently issued a report to record the Hong Kong government's political lobbying activities in the United States, including the US economic and trade offices to promote the Chinese government in the United States.
Guo Fengyi said that in the foreseeable future, she will continue to speak for Hong Kong people in Washington.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-07122023154243.html 
Foxconn announced the withdrawal from Indian semiconductor chip joint venture 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:28:03-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On December 28, 2021, a signature number of Foxconn India production units in SIPCOT (Tamilnad Bang National Industrial Promotion Company), located in the Qinnai Suburban Economic Zone. Agence France -Presse Pictures
Apple supplier Foxconn announced the withdrawal from Vedanta (Vedanta)A $ 19.5 billion investment project, which was originally planned to build a chip manufacturer in India. Some analysts said the news was a setback to the development of the Indian technology industry.
According to the BBC, Foxconn said that the decision to withdraw capital was reached by the mutual agreement with Weida. After exiting, Weidata will have the joint venture and stated that it will continue to support the "Indian manufacturing" ambitions of the Indian government. Wida, headquartered in New Delhi, said that it has cooperated with other partners to establish India's first chip foundry.
It is reported that the experts of the global advisory company Olblyt Shiqiao Group experts said that Foxconn's withdrawal from the development of Indian semiconductor is a big blow. This withdrawal is the lack of the development track of technical cooperation and joint venture, and both sides lack experience in developing and managing large -scale semiconductor manufacturing business.
However, the Minister of Science and Technology of India Chandraseca(Rajivchandrasekhar)According to a tweet, Foxconn decided to have no effect on the development of Indian semiconductor manufacturing. Foxconn and Wida are important investors in India and will develop their strategy separately in India.
Last year, India established a $ 10 billion fund to attract more investors to invest in the field and reduce India's dependence on foreign chips.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-07122023154613.html 
The Church of the Golden Lighting Hall in Linfen, Shanxi will be tried on August 21 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:06:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:25:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In October 2016, the pastor Yang Rongli was released from prison after 7 years of sentence(picture), But still refused to let the church join the official "three self" church. Aid Association of China Aid Association Information Picture
Twelve believers such as Rev. Wang Xiaoguang and Yang Rongli, including the Golden Lighting Hall in Lingfen, Shanxi, were detained for nearly two years for suspected "fraud cases". At present, six people have received bail pending trials, and six are still being held. Sources of Rights Rights Network said that the case will be tried on August 21 in the Yaodu District Court of Linfen City.
Rev. Wang Xiaoguang, Yang Rongli and other church members were detained by the public security department of Yaudu District, Linfen City for 15 days in August 2021, and then turned into criminal detention by the "fraud" due to risk issues.
Later, 10 Christians were suffered by dismissal lawyers, accusing the Wang Xiaoguang couple and severing exchanges, and obtained the bail pending trial as exchanges. Some resolutely refuse, and some are under pressure.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-07122023154900.html 
The U.S. Cross Religious Forum discusses the religious persecution of China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:07:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:18:30-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Special Committee of the Communist Party of China of the United States Congress held a roundtable discussion on Wednesday (July 12) to invite representatives of different religions in China and the United States to discuss the threat of the Chinese government's freedom of religion. Video Screenshot/The official website of the Communist Party of China of the Congress of the House of Representatives Audio-LLINK: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/shehui/wy2-07122023144506.html/@stream On Wednesday (July 12), the CPC Special Committee of the House of Representatives of the Congress held a roundtable discussion on Wednesday (July 12) to invite representatives of different religions in China and the United States to discuss the threat of religious freedom in response to the Chinese government. Since the past four years of fleeing in China and in early April of this year, the Revolutionary Church of Shenzhen Reform Taoism (also known as the "May Flower Church"), a priest, also spoke at the meeting.
[ Out of China: How to arrive in the United States for the Four years of exile?(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/ytbdzhuantixilie/mayflower-church/wy-04102023101929.html) "Freedom to win" US official airport to meet members of the Chinese church *
At the seminar held at noon, Rev. Pan Yongguang was sitting at the host of the conference, chairman of the Communist Party of China of the Chinese Communist Party of China, and Rep. Mikegallagher (R-Wi) Essence
Just two hours ago, he had just attended a press conference organized by the Chinese Committee of the United States Congress and the Chinese Committee of the United States Congress, and the co -chairman of the Commission of the Commission and the Republican Federal MP (Rep.chris Smith, Republican Federation, R-NJ) jointly introduced the experience of the May Flower Church.
Logic of religious persecution 
In October 2019, Pan Yongguang led him more than sixty people in Shenzhen to leave from China. With the help of the American political and religious circles in the United States, he finally arrived in the United States after nearly four years of exile. This religious group has become the biggest persecution Christian group rescued in American history with the large number of people.
At the seminar, Pan Yongguang explained the specific method of the Chinese government's persecution of the church. "The priests will often be threatened by the National Security Agency, forced to move, restricted exit, and fined. However, they are usually not charged with religious freedom. , But punish the church with other other crimes. "
Pan Yongguang believes that there is a set of logic of the Chinese government behind these punishments. "One of the important reasons for the persecution of me is that I have received theological training of the Elderly Church of the United States Reform. In the eyes of the Communist Party of China, it is regarded as the anti -China forces that I am collusion overseas. "
At the end of his speech, he took the free clock that marked the independence of the United States as an example to call on the US Congress to continue to pay attention to the issue of religious persecution in China. The words inspire generations to go forward and successively, the free clock sounds at every critical moment in the United States. I ask everyone to stop silent and ring this freedom. "
Rev. Pan Yongguang (middle), who arrived in Shenzhen, China, who arrived in the United States this year (also known as the "May Flower Church"), spoke at the round table discussion (video screenshot/official website of the US Congress House of Representatives China Communist Party Special Committee) Participating in the discussion of the round table is the representatives of the Chinese religious community, the Xinjiang Islam leader IMAM HAJIM in the United States, and the international support of the Tibet Movement(International Campaign for Tibet)Organization Researcher Bu Qiongji(Bhuchung K.)And Fu Xiqiu, the core figure of participating in the rescue of the May Flower Church, the founder of the China Aid Association.
Ima Hargi said that he left Xinjiang to learn the teachings of Islam abroad, but after Xi Jinping came to power, the Chinese government changed his policy and began to persecute people who were engaged in Islam. It is no longer possible to contact domestic family members, "because the Chinese government not only persecutes those who are engaged in religious education, but also persecute their families."
Congress legislation is not enough 
Faced with the parliamentarians on the round table, he thanked the US Congress in recent years to pass the law on punishing religious persecution in Xinjiang in recent years, but he believes that these legislations are not enough. "Although these legislations are aimed at the Chinese government, they There is no direct protection for the people of the local people. "
Former Chairman of the International Religious Free Council and the current chairman of the Family Research Council Tonyperkins analyzed at the conference that "Americans were informed that economic activities such as trade could be the key to changing China's bad human rights record. Ten years later, people discovered that these economic activities have changed only the behavior of American businessmen in China. "
He emphasized that the U.S. government should closely follow the Chinese government's threat to freedom; he suggested that the US government should adopt economic means to fight against China's free threat. The standard is reviewed. "He also called on American consumers not to buy Chinese products, because many Chinese products were produced by those who were enslaved.Fu Xiqiu proposed that not only should we hold a seminar like today, but also the news of spreading religious freedom to China, because truth can make people free.
Reporter: Wang Yun Editor: Shen Yan.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/wy2-07122023144506.html 
Kremlin: Putin's visit to China has been on the agenda 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:08:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:26:21-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Russian President Putin met with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Moscow on March 21. Photo: RFA
The Kremlin said on the 12th that Putin's visit to China has "put on the agenda" and said that "the best time to further consolidate relations between the two countries."
According to Reuters, the Kremlin spokesman Peskov said at a routine press conference that Putin's visit date will be announced after confirmation. He pointed out that "now is definitely a good time to maintain the rapid development of bilateral relations between Russia and China. Dialogue with officials of Chinese officials continues."
In response to the news that China has invited Putin to visit China in October, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Wang Wenbin responded on the 12th that he was communicating with partners on the Belt and Road International Cooperation Summit Forum with partners.
Peskov also said, "It is expected that Putin is expected to discuss bilateral economic and trade cooperation and global issues with Chinese President Xi Jinping during his visit to China." He also said, "Based on Moscow and Beijing's similar views on the essence of international relations, we have a very good prospect for further discussion. The most important thing is to conduct constructive interaction."
On the afternoon of the 10th, Xi Jinping said with the chairman of the Russian Federal Council in the Great Hall of the People. "Development of China -Russia relations is a strategic choice made by the two countries based on their fundamental interests ... China Willing to continue to collaborate with Russia's development partners. "
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-07122023155640.html 
The United States has begun to re -evaluate the relationship with Israel 
Author: 纽约时报
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:15:17
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:15:17
Description: The New York Times published an analysis article by a reporter Thomas Friedman, which discussed the tension between the Israeli Prime Minister Neitana and the US government.
Images: [" 1-1689176027.png "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻', '新闻幕后']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '新闻幕后', '以色列', '美国']
Type: Article
 U.S. President Joe Biden (right) and Israeli Prime Minister Neitanahu (French media)
The New York Times published an article by reporter Thomas Friedman Analysis article The article explores the tension between the Israeli Prime Minister Neitana and the US government.
Friedman emphasized the tensions between Tel Aviv and Washington by answering the three interconnected questions, which summarized the causes of crisis and their most prominent performance.
These three issues are: why is the Israeli government trying to suppress the country's Supreme Court? Why did US President Biden claim that the Neitaniahu administration is the most extreme government ever in Israel in an interview with CNN? Why does the United States Ambassador in Israel claim that the United States is trying to prevent Israel from "derailment"?
Friedman said that the brief answer to the first three questions was that the Bayeng government believed that the extreme right -wing Israeli government led by Neitanahu was under the guise of judicial reform to conduct unprecedented extremeism, which destroyed the United States and Israeli The common interests and values between them have changed the most important common opinion of the parties on the status of the west bank of the Jordan River. This is a factor to maintain their remaining peaceful hope.
Israeli Prime Minister Neitanahu
Why is the role of weakening judicial institutions? 
In many cases, the tension between the Israeli government led by the United States and the Jewish polarists, such as the response of the Government members of the Neitaniahu government on Biden's above -mentioned Israeli government extremist speech, National Security Minister Itemart Ben Ge Ge Verr said that Biden must realize that "Israel is no longer another star on the American flag."
In the article, it is the longest -term prime minister with Israel's long term with Israel's Prime Minister Neitanahu, which is shocked by political talents and wisdom. People leaders endanger the relationship between Israel and the United States and global investors, and make Israel's possibility of the civil war. As a result, it is just to continue to power with a group of nationalist extremists.
Friedman explained that when Neitaniah's governing alliance adopted actions to change the long -term deep -rooted power balance between the government and the Supreme Court, the common values between the United States and Israel began to collapse, and the Supreme Court was politics to politics to politics The only independent checks and balance of power.
Friedman said that Jewish settlers hope to weaken the role of the Supreme Court so that they can establish a settlement site on the west bank of the Jordan River and easily swallow the Palestinian land. One party forced their children to serve in the Israeli army and impose the teaching of English, mathematics, science and democratic values from their schools. As for Neitaniah, he is seeking to weaken the role Politicians who want to hold important positions.
The author said that the Nitanahu government has begun to propose a bill to the Israeli parliament this week that will prevent Israeli judicial agencies from using the reasonable principle of rationality established in Israeli law, which makes the Supreme Court has the right to review and overthrow the cabinet and cabinet minister And some other elected officials believe that reckless or immoral decisions.
The Israeli government shortens the settlement procedure
annexed the west bank of the Jordan River and threatened Jordan security 
Friedman believes that people generally believe that Israel's occupation of the west bank of the Jordan River is temporary. The two countries will one day realize. This is one of the most important common views of Israel and the United States. There are more than 500,000 Israeli settlers, and the Palestinian population on the west bank of the Jordan River is about 2.9 million. When both parties reach an agreement, there will be two states: some people will leave and some people will stay.
From this perspective, the United States has always stood on the side of Israel and defended Israel in the United Nations and the Hague International Court. Based on its occupation of the West Bank of Jordan is a permanent and temporary fact, Israel is facing various decisions and rulings.
Friedman said that the Israeli government is doing its best to eliminate this view, which is also a factor in Israel's winning time. Since taking office in December 2022, Neitanahu has approved the construction of more than 7,000 new houses, of which large of which is large, of which large, large of which Some are located deep in the west bank of the Jordan River.
The Neitanahu government also revised a law that enabled the brutal settlers to return to four settlements expelled by the Israeli army, which violated Israel's previous thing to make such as the former US President George W. Bush Bush. promise.
The author believes that Neitanahu continues to destroy the general view of the plans on the west bank of the Jordan River and the two countries, and now it brings real problems to other common interests in the United States and Israel, because this threatens Jordan's stability and forces Israel with Israel The so -called "Abraham Agreement" took a step back.
Friedman said that Israeli President Azak Herzog will visit Washington next week and meet with the US President. Biden stated in this way that his problem is not the people of Israel, but in Neitanahu's Extremeist government.
The author finally concluded that he had no doubt that Biden would convey such a message to the President of Israel: When the gap between the interests and values of the government and the Israeli government is getting larger and larger, it will inevitably re -evaluate the relationship between the two countries.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/behind-the-news/2023/7/13/%e7%be%8e%e5%9b%bd%e5%b7%b2%e5%bc%80%e5%a7%8b%e9%87%8d%e6%96%b0%e8%af%84%e4%bc%b0%e4%b8%8e%e4%bb%a5%e8%89%b2%e5%88%97%e7%9a%84%e5%85%b3%e7%b3%bb 
What are the advantages of the "scalp" missile provided by Paris to Kiev? 
Author: 法国媒体
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:17:52
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:17:52
Description: According to the French magazine "L'OBS", French President Macron announced at the NATO Summit that France will deliver new long -range "scalp" (SCALP) missiles in France, which will enable Ukraine Angered the Kremlin and vowed to take "countermeasures."
Images: [" 1-1689177954.png ", " 1-1689177999.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '新闻幕后']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '新闻幕后', '法国']
Type: Article
 On June 20, 2023, a "scalp" missile (Reuters) at the 54th International Paris Aviation Show at the Bol through Paris near Paris (Reuters) at the 54th International Paris Air Show
According to the French magazine "L'OBS", French President Macron announced at the NATO Summit that France will deliver new long -range "scalp" (SCALP) missiles in France, which will enable Ukraine Angered the Kremlin and vowed to take "countermeasures."
When Macron arrived in the NATO summit held by Lithuania Vilnis, "I think it is important to us to unite support to Ukraine and NATO today," the French military sources also reported. First The missile has arrived in Ukraine.
The advantages of this missile 
This kind of missile was jointly developed by the United Kingdom and France, and was launched from a fighter. The range exceeded 250 kilometers, which means that its range is farther than any weapon provided by Western countries to Kiev so far, and it can enter the Ukrainian currently controlled by Russia. East area.
Paris does not provide any details of the number of missiles that have been delivered or about to be delivered, but according to data from the professional magazine "National Defense and International Security", its inventory is estimated to be "less than 400".
The above -mentioned French military sources said that "the number of delivery to Ukraine is very important, which makes French inventory much higher than their needs," in addition, this delivery meets all three French standards: "useful" in the Ukrainian battle "useful" , "Don't upgrade" against Russia's blows, and "don't weaken France's ability to self -defense."
 The Russian and Ukraine War: the counterattack and weapons of both sides of the war
With these missiles, the Ukrainian army can disturb Russia's logistics, command and control.(Influence)Having said that with these missiles, the Russian Navy headquarters located on the Crimean Peninsula Caavatopol Black Sea has become the target of Ukraine, as is the Russian cities near the border.
The magazine pointed out that French President clearly stated that even if France broke the taboos in terms of providing missiles to Kiev, it would also provide missiles to Ukraine to defend its territory, but these missiles would not use these missiles to fight Russia.
The Kremlin immediately responded that delivery of these missiles was a "error" and said that Russia should take "countermeasures" in the Ukraine conflict.
The Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters that "From our perspective, this is a wrong decision that will bring serious consequences to Ukraine, because this will force us to take countermeasures. "
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/behind-the-news/2023/7/13/%e5%b7%b4%e9%bb%8e%e5%90%91%e5%9f%ba%e8%be%85%e6%8f%90%e4%be%9b%e7%9a%84%e5%a4%b4%e7%9a%ae%e5%af%bc%e5%bc%b9%e6%9c%89%e4%bd%95%e4%bc%98 
Fukushima handles the water row Japanese government and fisheries to pay attention to dislocation 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:21
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T16:21
Description: Japanese media reported that the Fukushima nuclear treatment of water in Japan entered the countdown, but the focus of the Japanese authorities and fishermen's attention was obviously dislocated, which made the two sides unable to meet the differences and reach a consensus. Kyodo News reported on Wednesday (July 12) that the Japanese authorities focused on dealing with the water discharge ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['福岛核电站', '福岛', '日本', '辐射']
Japanese media reported that the Fukushima nuclear treatment of water in Japan entered the countdown, but the focus of the Japanese authorities and fishermen's attention was obviously dislocated, which made the two sides unable to meet the differences and reach a consensus.
Kyodo News reported on Wednesday (July 12) that the Japanese authorities focused on the "safety" of handling the water discharge.(https://www.zaobao.com/news/world/story20230704-1410752), Strive for the understanding of fisheries.
However, Japanese fishermen are more concerned about the imperial damage than the "safety" of water treatment. A 69 -year -old fisherman in Xiangma City told Lianhe Zaobao: "The fisherman's fishing activity has just returned to normal, and the authorities make a drainage decision, which makes us feel very disappointed ... Even if the data (announced by the government) is safe, The theory of treatment of water harm will still damage the reputation of fishery. "
On the other hand, IAEA's reports have almost no countermeasures for damage to the image of fishery, which only suggests that if the authorities are overdone, it will damage the fishery image.
Although there is a significant gap between the focus of the Japanese authorities and the fisheries, the Minister of Economic and Industry of Japan, Nishimura Kangyu, on Tuesday (11th), still emphasized that IAEA will stay in the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station in the future It means that this "is extremely important for damage to the image" and does not conceal the authorities' dependence on IAEA.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413174 
NATO & Quot; Dongjin Asia Pacific & Quot; Expert: Following the threat of China has become a consensus 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:28:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T17:50:10-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 At the NATO Summit just ended, the leaders of the four countries in the Indo -Pacific region (four people from the left) were invited to attend again to deepen their cooperative relations with NATO. Associated Press picture AUDIO-LINK: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/kw -kw -11202323200.html/@stream At the NATO Summit just ended, the leaders of the four countries in the Indo -Pacific region were invited to attend again to deepen their cooperative relations with NATO. At the same time, the summit was named China a "systemic challenge" for NATO. How will this trend of "NATO East Asia Pacific" affect China and the entire region?
NATO Secretary -General issued a warning of China's coercion behavior Chinese protest of the former senior officials of NATO in NATO: Excessive response The NATO Summit issued a joint communique after the first day of the talks, of which the name of China constituted a "systemic challenge" to the alliance member states. The Chinese Embassy's Mission in the European Union slammed the communiqué and expressed its resolute opposition to NATO's "East Asia Pacific".
Experts: countries have clear consensus on China's threats 
According to the bulletin, the "public ambitions and compulsory policies" of the People's Republic of China challenged NATO's interests, security and values. China has adopted extensive political, economic and military tools to "expand its global influence and projection power", and at the same time "maintain opaque" for its strategy, intention and military construction.
"Of course, we are also worried about China's large -scale military construction, modernization and nuclear force expansion." NATO Secretary -General Jens Stoltenberg told the media on Wednesday.
Jensstoltenberg, Secretary -General of NATO, told the media on Wednesday that "we are of course worried about China's large -scale military construction, modernization and nuclear expansion." (Associated Press picture) The bulletin mentioned that NATO will maintain its common values and rules -based international order, including freedom of navigation. The communiqué also concerned about the continuous deepening of the strategic partnership between China and Russia and China is rapidly expanding its nuclear arsenal.
Weng Luzhong, assistant professor of the Department of Political Department of Sam Houston State University, Texas, told this station: "This communique is very clear about China is a systematic threat, so this part is a clear consensus. But how to face this threat may be Some different opinions. Because we did not see the special name for human rights issues against the Taiwan Strait, or on human rights issues such as Hong Kong, Xinjiang, etc., but consensus already exists. "
Weng Luzhong also said that in the past few years, NATO has paid more and more attention to changes in the security situation in the Asia -Pacific region. In the future, NATO countries may give more support to the United States in the United States and China.
NATO " East Expansion Asia Pacific" expert: The more strong China, the more worrying the country, the more worried 
In response to the NATO Summit's communiqué stated that China's systemic challenges to NATO constituted, spokesperson for the Chinese EU EU criticized the NATO Joint Bulletin "full of cold war thinking and ideological prejudice", and said "resolutely oppose NATO 'eastward Asia Pacific'", any damage, any damage, any damage, any damage. China's legitimate rights and interests will be "resolutely fighting."
Very Senior Researcher Thomas Xinjin of the Atlantic Council of the American Think Tank(Thomas Cynkin)Tell this station, "From the perspective of China, they will worry that European countries have expressed their increasing interest in participating in Asian security issues. China is more inclined to exclude them."
Xin Jin also pointed out that there are differences between China hope that NATO and the Asia -Pacific allies. At present, the improvement of this cooperation is obviously not what China is welcome, and China is also afraid of being surrounded by neighboring countries.
Weng Luzhong pointed out that it was China's aggressive attitude in diplomacy and military, which led to soberness and unity in various countries. "The world's response to China is not completely misunderstanding, but the attitude expressed by China is worried about the world. Not to mention the high degree of competition, the stronger the Chinese side shows, the more worrying everyone will be."
Kishida Wenxiong: European and Indo -Pacific regions are inseparable from security 
At this summit in NATO, four Indian-Pacific countries-Japan, South Korea, Australia, and New Zealand were invited to attend the consecutive year. The leaders of the four countries also held talks together at the summit.
Lisa ∙ Kattis(Lisacurtis)It is believed that this shows that the security situation of Europe and Indo -Pacific is increasingly related: "Russia's invasion of Ukraine awaken European countries and realize that it is necessary to maintain a deterrent in the Indo -Pacific region."
When Japanese Prime Minister Kishita, when meeting with NATO leaders, reminded the European Union to pay attention to the activities of China and Russia while working hard to deal with the situation of Russia and Ukraine, and pose a threat to global security.
Kishida Wenxiong said: "Under the current severe international security environment, the security of Europe and Indo -Pacific regions is inseparable. Japan and NATO have agreed that no matter where the world is in the world, the behavior of trying to change the status quo by force unilaterally will not be tolerated. He also emphasized that Japan and NATO have common basic values and strategic interests, and they are further deepening each other.However, according to the sources quoted by the Nikkei Asia, in the final round of negotiations of the summit, NATO member states deleted the content of "NATO will continue to discuss with Japan to set up offices in Tokyo." Previously, it was reported that France opposed NATO's office in Japan.
When Japanese Prime Minister Kishita, when meeting with NATO leaders, reminded the European Union to pay attention to the activities of China and Russia while working hard to deal with the situation of Russia and Ukraine, and pose a threat to global security. (Associated Press picture) Scholars Kattis pointed out that Japan has continued to strengthen security cooperation with Europe in the past two years, including jointly developing the sixth -generation fighter with Italy and the United Kingdom, and signed the "Mutual Entrusting Agreement" with Britain. At the same time, Japan is also worried about the joint cruise of the Chinese and Russian troops. She said: "This kind of cooperation between China and Russia prompts Japan to seek more cooperation with India -Pacific countries. This also allows us to see the connection between European security and Indo -Pacific security again. This also tells China that the close relationship with Russia is a price. of."
South Korea strengthens cooperation with NATO military information and network security 
South Korean President Yin Xiyue said when he arrived at the summit on Tuesday that he hoped to strengthen cooperation with NATO in the field of military information and network security. He also said: "In the future, I believe that the security of cross -Atlantic and Indo -Pacific regions is an indispensable part of global security. This is why we need to work closely with partners in India -Pacific regions including South Korea, Japan, Australia and New Zealand. s reason."
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said: "We attach importance to your partnership, because security is not regional, but global. What happened in the Indo -Pacific region is important to Europe, and what happened in Europe is also right. The Indo -Pacific area is important. "
Yin Xiyue has been promoting South Korea and Europe and other American allies to strengthen security cooperation to curb North Korea's nuclear weapons and missile threats and respond to tensions with China. South Korea set up a representative office in NATO last November.
During this NATO summit, Yin Xiyue held bilateral talks with many Eurasian leaders and signed a "individual targeted partnership plan" with NATO to strengthen bilateral cooperation in 11 fields such as nuclear diffusion and network security. Essence
Curtis pointed out that South Korea is more proactive in diplomacy under the leadership of Yin Xiyue, including closer cooperation with Europe. South Korea also wants to be a "global central country"(Global Pivotal State)It is more influential outside the Indo -Pacific area.
South Korean President Yin Xiyue (right) said when he arrived at the summit that he hoped to strengthen cooperation with NATO in the field of military information and network security. (Associated Press picture) Expert: How to implement the summit is more important 
Although the NATO Summit ’s communiqué expresses its willingness to unite and respond to China's threat, Weng Luzhong believes that at present, its symbolic significance is greater than substantial significance. "How to implement it must be followed. For example, whether NATO has to set up an office in Japan; whether these countries are willing to have a closer connection with Japan, South Korea, and even Australia and India on security issues. The power will be higher. "
According to sources quoted by the Nikkei Asia, in the final round of negotiations of the summit, NATO member states decided to delete the content of "NATO will continue to discuss with Japan to set up offices in Tokyo." Previously, France had expressed opposition.
Weng Luzhong predicts that Beijing will adopt consistently differentiation methods for NATO allies, Japan and South Korea and other countries in the future, so it is important to maintain unity in these countries.
Curtis also believes that there are different opinions in NATO's internal focus on the new focus of China and India. "But it can be foreseeable that China will continue to become part of NATO discussion. Considering Russia's invasion of Ukraine, as long as China and Russia continue to enhance the connection This will make people even more doubt about the purpose of China. "
Reporter: Cydi Responsible Editor: Shen Ye.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/kw-07112023123200.html 
The "Chemical Weapon Convention" is coming to the United States to follow the United States to pay attention to China -Russia and North Korea 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T16:40:21+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 08:40:21Z
Description: US President Joe Biden announced last week that the United States has destroyed the last batch of chemical weapons stored. The Pentagon stated on Tuesday (July 11) that the United States has adhered to its commitment to the Convention on the Chemistry Weapon, and also pays attention to the inventory of China, Russia, and North Korea.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['军事', '美国', '中国', '全球议题']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/pentagon-says-committed-to-world-free-of-chemical-weapons-amid-concerns-about-china-and-north-korea-20230712/7177252.html 
Southern Europe has encountered extreme high -temperature Spain to issue a new round of weather alert 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T17:02
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T17:02
Description: Many countries in southern Europe are encountering extreme high -temperature weather, and this heat wave is expected to continue until next week. Bloomberg reports that high temperatures in southern Germany and the Alps are putting pressure on the Rhine. AndAlucia, Andalucia, is expected to ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['欧洲', '高温', '气候变化', '气候暖化']
Many countries in southern Europe are encountering extreme high -temperature weather, and this heat wave is expected to continue until next week.
Bloomberg reports that high temperatures in southern Germany and the Alps are putting pressure on the Rhine. AndAlucia, Andalucia, is expected to appear at a high temperature of 44 degrees Celsius on Wednesday (July 11), and the national weather forecast releases a new round of weather alerts, calling on the public to be vigilant.
American satellite image company Maxartech Nologies pointed out that this extreme heat wave extended from the Sahara desert will also sweep the Italian and Balkans, and will increase the temperature in the affected area by 7 degrees Celsius in the next 10 days.
After the high temperature in Europe in many places in Europe in 2023, climate change has transformed European summer into extreme heat and exacerbated the pressure of energy and transportation facilities in various countries.
Maxar Technologies said that the temperature of Frankfurt in southern Germany was 34 degrees Celsius last Saturday (8th), which was 5 degrees Celsius higher than the average temperature this season.
The Italian capital Rome ushered in a high temperature of 36.5 degrees Celsius on Tuesday, and the temperature of Sardinia and Sicily in the south is expected to be higher.
In contrast, Britain's temperature will not rise in the next 10 days, and the temperature in London will be reduced by 4 degrees Celsius compared with the past.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413191 
Chairman of the Malaysian House of Major: The new law is not the prime minister 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T17:08
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T17:08
Description: Malaysia will hold the six states elections next month. The chairman of the House of Congress Wan Zhu Naidi suddenly suggested that the legislation of the upper and lower houses of the parliament. Once the Prime Minister confirms that it is improper, the judicial unit can sue the Prime Minister in accordance with the law. Social media has therefore discussed whether this is aimed at Prime Minister Anhua, and Wang Zhu Naidi said, these ... these ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['旺朱乃迪', '安华', '不信任动议', '罢免']
Malaysia will hold the six states elections next month. The chairman of the House of Congress Wan Zhu Naidi suddenly suggested that the legislation of the upper and lower houses of the parliament. Once the Prime Minister confirms that it is improper, the judicial unit can sue the Prime Minister in accordance with the law.
Social media has therefore discussed whether this is aimed at Prime Minister Anhua, and Wang Zhu Naidi said that these are the reforms he promised to assist Anwar.
Wang Zhu Naidi attended a keynote speech at the "Political Stability of Parliament" forum at Shuangwei University on Tuesday (July 11) in the evening. Law, the British government also quoted the law in 2004 to sue former British Prime Minister Blair.
Wang Zhu Naidi also suggested that the upper and lower courtyards of the parliament simplify the current rules of discussions, so that the upper and lower courtyards can be faster to debate the unscrupulous motion or impeachment of the Prime Minister's motion for the Prime Minister without having to go through the complicated and lengthy procedures. Members of the House of Representatives are currently notified of the Speaker if they want to submit such mobilions.
In response to the questioning of social media, Wang Zhu Naidi issued a statement on Wednesday (12th) that his suggestions were to improve the existing rules and regulations of the government, so that other motions of the consequences and debate conditions other than the government bill can make Members discussed comprehensively. "This is my commitment to the Prime Minister (Anwar). I (promised him) the status of the chairman of the House of House above and above assist in the improvement of the parliament."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413193 
China condemn the NATO summit. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T17:15:56+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 09:15:56Z
Description: Beijing Tuesday (July 11) "strongly condemned" NATO's allegations of challenging NATO's interests and security of NATO, and opposed NATO's attempt to expand their footprints to the Asia -Pacific region. NATO said in joint communiques that China constituted a "systemic challenge."
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '中国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-reiterates-opposition-to-nato-view-on-china-20230712/7177274.html 
Japan and South Korea strengthen and NATO partnership China resolutely oppose NATO East Asia Pacific 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T17:38:33+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 16:40:56Z
Description: The North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) Summit was held in Lithuania, the capital of Lithuania this week. The Japanese Prime Minister Kishita and South Korean President Yin Xiyue were invited to participate in the leaders of the leader. ITPP), enhance the high cooperation. The Chinese Embassy's Mission in the EU issued a statement on Tuesday (July 11) to resolutely oppose NATO's "East Asia -Pacific Region", and said that any behavior that harmed the legitimate rights and interests of China would be resolutely fighting back.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '欧洲', '中国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/japan-south-korea-and-nato-agree-on-new-partnership-program-20230712/7177283.html 
"Asia -Pacific Report" July 12, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T18:00:14-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T18:00:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Free Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/yp 07122023100006.html/@@stream The main content of this show:
1 . NATO Bulletin focuses on China's ambitions and coerces China to fight back to ignore the facts
2 . American experts predict that China may attack Taiwan within 12 to 18 months
3 . A number of young hostels in Beijing refused to be more than 35 years old. 4 .
5 . China ’s“ nine -segment line ”touch the bottom line Vietnam will launch the national people's reporting infringing film
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-07122023100006.html 
The people of the French people can make bonuses from October to repairs old clothing 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T18:03
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T18:03
Description: In order to encourage the French people to reduce the abandonment of clothing, the French authorities will launch the "Repairing Clothing" reward mechanism in October to encourage the people to make good use of old clothes to avoid waste of resources and exacerbate environmental pollution. French International Broadcasting Station (RFI) reported on Wednesday (July 12), data ... data ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['法国', '环保']
In order to encourage the French people to reduce the abandonment of clothing, the French authorities will launch the "Repairing Clothing" reward mechanism in October to encourage the people to make good use of old clothes to avoid waste of resources and exacerbate environmental pollution.
French International Broadcasting Station (RFI) reported on Wednesday (July 12) that data show that the French lost at least 700,000 tons of clothing each year, of which two -thirds were eventually shipped to the garbage burial.
"Bernacard Couillard, the French secretary responsible for ecological affairs, said:" From October, the government will launch a reward mechanism to encourage consumers to repair clothes and shoes. "
The reward mechanism shows that if the public has repaired the heels, it can apply for a subsidy of 7 euros (about S $ 10) from the authorities; if you repair your clothes, you can get 10 to 25 euros. Related expenses will spend from the 154 million euros of funds from France from 2023 to 2028.
Kuyar invited all sewing studios and shoe makers to join this ecological organization "Refashion" system, and labeled the old clothes and shoes that gave "new life". The "remake" organization is appointed by the French government to engage in the sustainable development of the industry.
Kuyar added that "our goal is to support those who do maintenance," including sewing studios and brand vendors who provide maintenance services.
The textile industry is one of the most polluting industries on the planet. The French government promoted the textile industry to carry out large -scale reform at the end of 2022. This time it is an important part of the reform mechanism.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413217 
Writer Milan Kundela's death is 94 years old 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T18:06
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T22:38
Description: French Czechor writer Milan Kundera died of illness on Tuesday (July 11) at the age of 94. The Voice of Reuters and Germany reported that the Miravia Library spokesman at the hometown of Milan Kundra, the hometown of Milan Kundra ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['法国', '作家']
French Czechor writer Milan Kundera died of illness on Tuesday (July 11) at the age of 94.
Voice of Reuters and Germany reported that Milan Kundra's hometown of Milan Kundra, a spokesman for the Moravia Library of BRNO, Annamrazova confirmed on Wednesday (12th) that Kundela He died of illness on Tuesday in Paris.
Gallimard, French Publishing House in Kundela, also confirmed the news on Wednesday.
Kundela was born in the Czech City Burno. He was rejected for criticizing the Soviet Union in 1968 in 1968, and was exiled in France in 1975. However, at the end of 2019, Kundera, who had said "no return to home," re -obtained the Czech nationality.
In an interview in recent years, Kundela said he was a French writer and believed that his works should be classified as French literature. Kundela's work mainly describes people, as well as their thoughts, feelings and desires. The works include "Unbearable Light in Life", "Laughing and Forget Books" and so on.
And "Unbearable Light in Life" describes a triangular love story in the background of Prague's spring. In 1984, this novel came out, making Kundela quickly enjoy the world.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413220 
China actively develops Aero Pacific claims to successfully launch the world's first liquid oxygen methane rocket 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T18:19:13+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 12:17:03Z
Description: China said on Wednesday (July 12) that the "Suzaku No. 2" Yaoji Rockets was lifted off at the China Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, becoming the world's first liquid oxygen methane rocket to successfully enter the scheduled track.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-claims-successfully-launching-first-methane-liquid-rocket-20230712/7177312.html 
Kremlin: Putin's visit to China has been on the agenda 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T18:40
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T18:40
Description: Kremlin said that the plan to visit China, Russian President Putin, has been on the agenda, saying that it is the best time to further consolidate relations between the two countries. Reuters reported that Kediya spokesman Peskov said at a routine press conference on Wednesday (July 12): "Now keeping bilateral Russia and China ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '普京', '中国', '中俄关系']
Kremlin said that the plan to visit China, Russian President Putin, has been on the agenda, saying that it is the best time to further consolidate relations between the two countries.
Reuters reported that Kediya spokesman Peskov said at a routine press conference on Wednesday (July 12): "It's a great time to maintain the rapid development of bilateral relations in Russia and China ... We will announce a specific visit. The date of China, (Russia and China) will continue to dialogue at all levels. "
In response to the news that China has invited Putin to visit China in October, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Wang Wenbin responded earlier on the same day that he was communicating with his partners on the "Belt and Road" International Cooperation Summit Forum.
Peskov added that Putin is expected to discuss bilateral economic and trade cooperation and global issues with Chinese President Xi Jinping during his visit to China.
He said: "Based on Moscow and Beijing, they have a similar view of the essence of international relations ... We have very good prospects to expand in -depth consultations. The most important thing is to carry out constructive interaction."
One day before, Xi Jinping met with the Chairman of the Russian Federal Council in the Great Hall of the People at the Great Hall of the People It is said that developing Sino -Russian relations is a strategic choice made by the two countries based on their fundamental interests, and China is willing to continue to develop partnership with Russia.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413234 
Secretary -General of NATO: Ukraine is closer to NATO Bayeng than any time in the past: but not now 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T19:26
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T23:28
Description: NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said that Ukraine is now closer to NATO as "more than ever before"; Bayeng shows the understanding of Kiev's urgent expectations, but it is not now. Reuters reported that Stoltenberg was on Wednesday (July 12) in Vernis, the capital of Lithuania ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['北约', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '俄乌战争', '泽连斯基']
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said that Ukraine is now closer to NATO as "more than ever before"; Bayeng shows the understanding of Kiev's urgent expectations, but it is not now.
Reuters reported that Stoltenberg issued the above statement when Stetenberg was held in Lithuania's capital of Vernivis and Ukrainian President Zelegsky in Lithuania; Zelenezki responded: "I am:" I am Looking forward to the day when we meet as an ally. "
In response to the results attending the NATO summit, Zeleiski said that the results of the summit are good, but it will be more ideal to invite Kiev to the Covenant.
 Although Ukraine did not join NATO as expected, NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg (right) once stated that Kiev may become a member of the league in the future. (Reuters)
However, U.S. President Biden said in a meeting with Zellezki: "I look forward to holding a meeting one day to celebrate the official joining Ukraine to join NATO."
In response to the unable to obtain the military reserve in time, Biden expressed his understanding of Zelei, and promised, "I assure you that the United States is doing its best to meet your needs."
 On July 12, Ukrainian President Zelei (left) held a bilateral meeting with US President Biden (right) in Lithuania. (Reuters)
According to reports, Zelei announced after a meeting with Vernis and German Prime Minister Tsurtz that Germany had agreed to provide more supplies to Ukraine with air defense systems such as launchers and missiles.
 On July 12, German Chancellor Tsutz (second from left) met with Lithuania and Ukrainian President Zelei (second from right). (Reuters)
Australian Prime Minister Albanis also announced at the summit that it will provide Ukraine with another 30 domestic "Bushmaster" armored vehicles.
These $ 100 million (about S $ 89.66 million) tanks are mainly used to assist the Urban transport troops in front lines. If you add 30 new armored vehicles, Australia has currently provided 120 chariots to Ukraine.
In response to the support of NATO allies to the support of Kiev's army, the Kremlin responded on Wednesday that the decision to provide security for Western countries to Ukraine was a dangerous mistake, saying that it would violate Russia's defense security.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413238 
Is it expected to restart? Lu Zhaofu: Open private companies to participate in the Xinlong High -speed Railway 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T19:31
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T19:31
Description: Malaysian Minister of Transport Lu Zhaofu said that private enterprises intending to participate in the Xinlong High -speed Railway project can submit the plan through the Malaysian High -speed Railway Agency (MyHSR), and then discuss private enterprises to undertake this project that has been stopped for more than two and a half years. Lu Zhaofu Wednesday (July 12) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['新隆高铁', '陆兆福']
Malaysian Minister of Transport Lu Zhaofu said that private enterprises intending to participate in the Xinlong High -speed Railway project can submit the plan through the Malaysian High -speed Railway Agency (MyHSR), and then discuss private enterprises to undertake this project that has been stopped for more than two and a half years.
Lu Zhaofu revealed at a press conference on Wednesday (July 12) that some private companies have stated that they are interested in the Xinlong high -speed rail. He said that these enterprises must be planned for planning according to the existing information, and then submitted to the Malaysian high -speed rail institution for review.
He was unwilling to disclose which companies intend to participate in the construction of Xinlong High -speed Railway, but only emphasized that some companies have announced their interest in the project. "Our characters are just collecting information and planning books, and will be evaluated by professionals in the Xinlong high -speed rail institution."
He said that the Ministry of Communications welcomed any private enterprises to participate in the Xinlong High -speed Railway project, so the information consultation (RFI) was issued, asking for interest in private enterprises. He revealed that after the Malaysian high -speed railway agency receives the plan, it will discuss whether the Xinlong high -speed rail project can be handed over to private enterprises.
The Xinlong high -speed rail plan was originally scheduled to start in 2018, but the Malaysian regime has been changed several times, resulting in several extension of the plan. On January 1, 2021, the new Malaysia two countries officially terminated this plan. After Malaysia, Malaysia proposed to re -explore the Xinlong high -speed rail, but this project must be taken over by private enterprises.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413239 
On Wednesday, the U.S. market will go to the market to focus on the latest development of Microsoft acquisition of Activision Blizzard. 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T20:21
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T20:21
Description: On Wednesday (July 12), the focus: Before the release of U.S. consumer inflation data, the main stock index futures futures in the United States Wednesday (July 12) rose up. Market economists generally expect that inflation in the United States in June will slow down, but it is not enough to affect the Federal Reserve ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['今晚美市看什么', '美国股市', '美市', '财经即时', '微软']
Wednesday (July 12) the point: 
Pre -trading focus: 
 In addition to the best -selling game "The Call of Duty", Activision Blizzard also has other best -selling games such as "World of Warcraft", "Dark Destroyer" and the mobile game "Candy Legend". In other words, if Microsoft really successfully bought Activision Blizzard, it may really be just around the world. (Reuters)
Microsoft (Microsoft Corporation) (Nasdaq Stock Exchange code: MSFT) 
Software giant Microsoft finally ruled out the main obstacles to acquiring video game manufacturers. American judges have agreed with the $ 69 billion in transactions overnight. The British regulatory agency, which had previously objected, also began to hint at this time it was open to re -examining the transaction.
Microsoft's acquisition plan is not only the biggest transaction in the company's history, but also the largest transaction in the history of the video game industry. Because of this, it has previously aroused strong opposition from the United States and Britain. After the good news spread overnight, Microsoft's stock price rose 0.64 US dollars, and the closure of the market was $ 332.47; the stock price of Dynamic Blizzard soared a 10 % increase, and the closed market was $ 90.99.
Jacqueline ScottCorley, Judge Judge in San Francisco, rejected the argument of the Biden government. This means that this transaction is equivalent to giving Xbox game machine manufacturers Microsoft, which will use the right to use the best -selling game in the market, thereby harming the interests of consumers. These best -selling games include "Callof Duty".
At the time, the Federal TradeCommission also argued that if the acquisition of Activision Blizzard was successful, Microsoft would be able to use the survivor Blizzard to exclude game console competitors such as Nintendo and SonyGroup. In addition. But obviously the judge Koly did not agree with this statement.
Corley said: "After the Federal Trade Commission did not clearly explain that the consolidation of Activision Blizzard and Microsoft, the best -selling game" Call of Duty "will be removed from Sony's PlayStation. The competitiveness of the game market. "
The court allows the Federal Trade Commission to appeal to the decision before Friday (14th).
Shortly after U.S. judges issued an order, the British Competition and MarketsAuthouse also then announced that the bureau is now preparing to consider Microsoft's proposal to solve the British antitrust issue, and even hints that the two parties may reach a solution.
 The picture shows the game screen of World ofwarcraft. (Picture source: Active Blizzard)
In fact, in addition to the best -selling game "Call of Duty", Activities Blizzard also includes the best -selling "World ofwarcraft", "Diablo" and the mobile game "Candy Crushsaga" (Candy Crushsaga ". game. In other words, if Microsoft really successfully bought Activision Blizzard, its position in the global gaming market will be greatly different.
Perhaps because of this, of the 35 analysts of Tipranks, 30 are given "buy" rating to Microsoft shares, four are given "holding" rating. It is $ 350.29.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413251 
The Seventh Kingdom Group vowed to provide weapons for Ukraine for a long time 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T21:04
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T22:50
Description: The Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) on Wednesday (July 12) promised to provide military support for Ukraine for a long time. Agence France -Presse reported that the G7 stated in a statement: "We will have a specific, bilateral, long -term security commitment and arrangement cooperation with Ukraine to ensure the establishment of a ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '七国集团']
The Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) on Wednesday (July 12) promised to provide military support for Ukraine for a long time.
Agence France -Presse reported that the G7 stated in a statement: "We will have a specific, bilateral, long -term security commitment and arrangement cooperation with Ukraine to ensure the establishment of a sustainable army. Now we can defend Ukraine. In the future, in the future Can curb Russia's aggression. "
The statement pointed out that long -term military aid Ukraine means that the G7 will "prioritize (Ukraine) air defense, artillery and remote firepower, armored vehicles and aviation operations."
French President Macron showed that G7's declaration on Ukraine's security framework showed the long -term support of the alliance for Ukraine.
Ukrainian President Zelezzky welcomed G7's new security commitments on the same day, but he warned that these commitments could not replace Ukraine to join NATO.
"G7's commitment should not be regarded as replacing NATO, but should be regarded as we realize the security guarantee on integrated roads."
He reiterated to reporters: "The best guarantee for Ukraine is to join NATO."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413266 
Japan and NATO released an upgraded version of the cooperation plan 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T21:28
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T22:41
Description: After the Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishita on Wednesday (July 12) and NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg, he jointly released an upgraded version of cooperation documents. Kyodo News reported that the upgraded version of the "Individual targeted partnership plan" (ITPP) released by Japan and NATO includes ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '北约', '岸田文雄']
After the Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishita on Wednesday (July 12) and NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg, he jointly released an upgraded version of cooperation documents.
Kyodo News reported that the upgraded version of the "Individual targeted partnership plan" (ITPP) released by Japan and NATO includes cooperation between the two parties in 16 areas such as network defense and space security. Joint operations of NATO exercises and emergency assistance.
Kishida stated at a joint press conference: "(Japan) is willing to further deepen cooperation with NATO, which is willing to pay more attention to the Pacific of India."
In 2014, NATO signed the "Individual Partner Cooperation Plan" (IPCP) to sort out cooperation in the fields of counter -terrorism, network security, and then upgraded the IPCP into ITPP.
ITPP believes that the situation in the Indo -Pacific region will also affect the security guarantee of the European Atlantic Ocean. Therefore, the agreement clearly states that the agreement party will strengthen cooperation with common topics in order to maintain international order.
In addition, in response to the establishment of a office in Tokyo in 2024, Stoltenberg responded that NATO and Japan would "still discuss" and will be considered in the future.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413277 
Under the "rectification" and "antitrust" sticks of the authorities, the market value of $ 1.1 trillion in the Chinese technology giants evaporated 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T21:31:42+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 13:43:18Z
Description: Since the Chinese government regulatory authorities have launched rectification and "antitrust" investigations for large Chinese technology companies more than two years ago, the market value of China's high -tech Internet platform has evaporated $ 1.1 trillion. According to the statistics of Refinitiv, a global financial market data provider, the loss of Chinese technology companies is comparable to the scale of the entire Dutch economy.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/beijing-s-regulatory-crackdown-wipes-1-1-trillion-off-chinese-big-tech-20230712/7177524.html 
US inflation has a significant cooling in European stock market red 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T21:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T21:20:03+00:00
Description: (AFP 12, 12th) The US Consumer Price Index (CPI) in the United States increased by 3%year -on -year, a new low of more than 2 years, lower than market expectations, so that the market believes that the Federal Federal Council (FED) will soon be After finishing the interest rate increase, the major European stock markets were red today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The London FTSE 100 Index rose 133.59 points or 1.83%to close 7416.11 points.
The Frankfurt DAX Index raised 232.66 points or 1.47%, receiving 16023.00 points.
The Paris CAC 40 index rose 113.00 points or 1.57%to close 7333.01 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230712-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E9%80%9A%E8%86%A8%E6%98%BE%E7%9D%80%E9%99%8D%E6%B8%A9-%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E8%82%A1%E5%B8%82%E6%94%B6%E7%BA%A2 
The White House condemned North Korea for launching missiles and vowed to protect the allies 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T21:51
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T21:51
Description: North Korea launched an intercontinental ballistic missile to the eastern waters of the Korean Peninsula on Wednesday (July 12); the White House strongly condemned the national security in South Korea and Japan later on the same day. Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that the White House National Security Council spokesman Huo Huo ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '朝鲜', '导弹']
North Korea launched an intercontinental ballistic missile to the eastern waters of the Korean Peninsula on Wednesday (July 12); the White House strongly condemned the national security in South Korea and Japan later on the same day.
Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that the White House National Security Council spokesman Hodg issued a statement saying: "North Korea's launch of missiles has blatantly violated a number of resolutions from the UN Security Council, and it does not need to exacerbate tensions. It may destroy the Peninsula area safe and stable."
North Korea launched intercontinental ballistic missiles from Pyongyang at about 10 am on Wednesday in Pyongyang; a few days ago, Pyongyang also publicly threatened to shoot down the US investigators that violate North Korea.
Hodg added: "(North Korea's) diplomatic door has not yet closed, but Pyongyang must immediately stop destroying the stable actions of the peninsula and chose to conduct foreign contact."
Hodge emphasized that the United States will "take all necessary measures" to ensure the security of the United States and allies.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413287 
Modivifer's 5 -set war for the first time Jin Wenwang 4 will show off "Little Cattle" Aikaraz 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T22:02:10+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T21:35:02+00:00
Description: (AFP 12th, 12th) Russian star Daniil Medvedev today after 5 sets of war in the Wimbledon 8, defeating non -seed American player Christopher ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that Modivov eliminated Euangx with 6 to 4, 1 to 6, 4, 7 to 6 (7-4), 6-1, and will match the Spanish men's net star in the top 4 Carlos Alcaraz. Ekaraz is the first seed of this year's Wimbledon. Today, he defeated the Danish tennis rookie, Holger Rune.
Midivir is currently ranked third in the world. He defeated Serbian star Novak Djokovic in 2021 and won the US Open Championship.
Akaraz nicknamed "Little Bull" and was known as the successor of the Spanish tennis player "Baka Nadal".
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230712-%E6%A2%85%E8%BF%AA%E7%BB%B4%E5%A4%AB5%E7%9B%98%E5%A4%A7%E6%88%98%E9%A6%96%E5%BA%A6%E6%99%8B%E6%B8%A9%E7%BD%914%E5%BC%BA-%E5%B0%86%E5%AF%B9%E5%86%B3-%E5%B0%8F%E8%9B%AE%E7%89%9B-%E8%89%BE%E5%8D%A1%E6%8B%89%E5%85%B9 
Guo Fengyi, a wanted activist of the Hong Kong Government, was worried that his security hopes to be approved as soon as possible in the US government as soon as possible 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T22:05:22+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 14:05:22Z
Description: The Hong Kong Guoan Police recently wanted eight overseas Hong Kong democratic activities, and each rewarded millions of Hong Kong dollars, highlighting the Hong Kong Democracy Council (HKDC), the Hong Kong Democratic Council (HKDC), in Washington, the capital of the United States. The urgency of political asylum.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '港澳'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/wanted-hong-kong-activist-fears-for-safety-hopes-for-u-s-asylum-20230712/7177435.html 
United Nations: Global public debt reaches 9.2 trillion US dollars new highs 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T22:17
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T22:17
Description: The United Nations issued a report saying that due to the debt of governments to deal with crisis such as crown disease, global public debt soared to a record high in 2022, reaching 92 trillion US dollars (about S $ 123 trillion); 30 % of them came from development. nation. Reuters reports that the United Nations ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['联合国', '债务']
The United Nations issued a report saying that due to the debt of governments to deal with crisis such as crown disease, global public debt soared to a record high in 2022, reaching 92 trillion US dollars (about S $ 123 trillion); 30 % of them came from development. nation.
Reuters reported that reports released by the United Nations on Wednesday (July 12) showed that in the past two decades, countries around the world have increased more than four times internal debt and foreign debt, which has exceeded the economic growth rate of various countries. In addition, due to the outbreak of the crown disease in 2022, the economy has affected the economy, and the GDP of various countries has only doubled.
Global public debt innovation has exacerbated the United Nations concerns about developing countries. It is reported that public debt in developing countries accounts for nearly 30%of global public debt, while China, India and Brazil account for 70%.
In addition, the ratio of debt to GDP in 59 developing countries exceeds 60 %, which shows that countries have been at the threshold of high debt levels.
The report pointed out that due to limited financing channels, rising loan costs, rising loan costs, depreciation and weak growth in currency, debt issues have become a heavy burden on developing countries. The United Nations said the expenditure of net interest debt in 50 emerging economies around the world has exceeded 10%of the income.
The report pointed out that 3.3 billion people in the world are living in countries with debt interest rates higher than health or educational expenditures.
The United Nations said: "All countries are facing an impossible choice, which should be repaid both or serving the people."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413295 
Kremlin: Putin's visit to China has "scheduled the schedule" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T22:56:26+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 14:56:26Z
Description: The Kremlin Palace said on Wednesday (July 12) that Russian President Putin's visit to China has been on the agenda, and now it is the best time to strengthen the close relationship between the two countries.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/kremlin-says-putin-trip-to-china-is-on-the-agenda-20230712/7177598.html 
Russian Ministry of Defense: Wagner is completing weapons transfer 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T23:21
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T23:21
Description: The Russian Ministry of Defense said that the Russian mercenary organization Wagner is completing weapon transfer work. Reuters quoted the Russian National News Agency that the Russian Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday (July 12) that Wagner has transferred 2500 tons of ammunition and 20,000 pieces including tanks and rockets such as tanks and rockets ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯兵变', '俄罗斯', '武器', '核武器']
The Russian Ministry of Defense said that the Russian mercenary organization Wagner is completing weapon transfer work.
Reuters quoted the Russian National News Agency that the Russian Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday (July 12) that Wagner has transferred 2500 tons of ammunition and 20,000 tanks including tanks and rockets to Russia.
In addition, the Kremlin has denied Wednesday that Wagner attempts to launch a mutiny attempt to seize the backpack small nuclear weapons in the nuclear weapon base Said.
The Ke Palace spokesman Peskov said: "The Kremlin did not receive such a message ... this looks like an error message."
The head of the Ukrainian military intelligence department Budhoov recently revealed that when Wagner launched a mutiny on June 24, a team had escaped from the army of the army to the north of Moscow, and a tight nuclear military base in Voronezh-45 was advanced to an attempt to make Small nuclear weapons in the Soviet era to improve the bargaining chips that launch a mutiny. But in the end, there were multiple doors of nuclear martial arts storage facilities, so that they could not enter the door in the end.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413312 
Chinese hackers break through multiple US government departments email systems to obtain sensitive information 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T23:23:45+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 15:23:45Z
Description: According to Microsoft and the White House on Tuesday evening, the hackers based on China broke the email systems of dozens of US institutions, including some US government departments, obviously a spy activity that widened sensitive information.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/microsoft-and-white-house-say-china-based-hackers-breached-us-government-email-accounts-20230712/7177446.html 
Ukraine has urged the West to speed up the military and the United States: We are not Amazon 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T23:49
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T23:55
Description: In response to Ukraine's urging Western allies to accelerate military aid, the British Defense Minister said that he had stated to Ukraine that Western allies were "not Amazon", saying that Ukraine expressed his gratitude to convince the allies for providing more weapons. Reuters reported that since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国', '乌克兰', '俄乌战争', '亚马逊']
In response to Ukraine's urging Western allies to accelerate military aid, the British Defense Minister said that he had stated to Ukraine that Western allies were "not Amazon", saying that Ukraine expressed his gratitude to convince the allies for providing more weapons.
Reuters reports that since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, London has been one of Kiev's most firm supporters, and British Prime Minister Sonak has repeatedly stated that the British and Western allies will continue to support Ukraine.
I hope to see my gratitude. "
Wallace reviewed that he went to Ukraine in 2022 and received a weapon procurement list.
Wallace said to Kiev at the time: "You know, we are not (e -commerce giants) Amazon."
Wallace pointed out that I told the Kiev authorities last year that "I drove 11 hours at that time to get a list."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230712-1413322 
The G7 will announce the batch of Ukrainian security guarantee and the security of Russia 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T3:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T12:05:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Moscow, 12th) The Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said today that Western power's security for Ukraine will harm Russia's security and "will make Europe more dangerous in the future". " Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Seven major industrial groups (G7) leaders are preparing to announce the security guarantee to Ukraine at the North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) Summit.
"By providing Ukraine security, they will destroy the security of the Russian Federation by providing Ukraine's security."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-g7%E5%B0%86%E5%85%AC%E5%B8%83%E7%BB%99%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E5%AE%89%E5%85%A8%E4%BF%9D%E9%9A%9C-%E5%85%8B%E5%AE%AB%E6%89%B9%E6%8D%9F%E5%8F%8A%E4%BF%84%E5%9B%BD%E5%AE%89%E5%85%A8 
G7 will promise to ensure that Ukraine Safety Zeroski reiterates to enter NATO 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-12T5:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12T12:05:06+00:00
Description: (AFP, Vilnius, 12th) Ukrainian President Zerorensky said today that he is happy to see the seven major industrial groups (G7) to make new commitments to ensure the safety of Ukraine, but he also said that these commitments cannot replace Ukraine and eventually become the end of it. Member State of the North Atlantic Convention (NATO).
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The G7 is expected to announce a long -term guarantee plan today to help Ukraine to repel Russia's invasion and scare future aggression.
After talking with NASTOLTENBERG with NASTOLTENBERG today, Volodymyr ZELENSKYY said today that the G7's commitment should not be regarded as an alternative to the status of NATO member states, but should be regarded as "we move towards integration. "Safety guarantee."
He also said in the NATO summit in the Catiovish capital Vilnius: "We can say that the results of this summit are good, but if we receive (joining NATO) invitations, it will be the best."
Zerrenceky told reporters that "the best guarantee for Ukraine is to join NATO." He is confident that "Ukraine will join NATO after the war", "we will do our best to achieve it."
Steten Berg expressed sympathy for the situation of Zeroski, and emphasized that Ukraine's progress in this summit is important.
He also pointed out that Zerrence and 31 NATO leaders are about to attend the first meeting of the NATO-UkraineCouncil, and several NATO member states are adding bilateral assistance to Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230712-g7%E5%B0%86%E6%89%BF%E8%AF%BA%E4%BF%9D%E9%9A%9C%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E5%AE%89%E5%85%A8-%E6%B3%BD%E4%BC%A6%E6%96%AF%E5%9F%BA%E9%87%8D%E7%94%B3%E7%9B%BC%E5%85%A5%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6 
NATO told Zelei Sky: "We meet equally" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (汉纳斯)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-13T00:35:00+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 16:35:30Z
Description: NATO leaders met with the Ukrainian President Zeelianzki during the summit at the Capital Capital of Lithuania and reiterated that the support of Kiev to join the alliance, but did not give any specific commitment or timetable.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/we-meet-as-equals-nato-tells-zelenskyy-20230712/7177635.html 
The Hong Kong Government of China and Japan's Fukushima Water is dressed as a Beijing battle wolf, threatening to prohibit the import of aquatic products in Shidu County, Japan 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-13T00:47:34+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 16:47:34Z
Description: The Hong Kong Environment and Ecological Bureau said on Wednesday (July 12) that once Tokyo starts the discharge of discharge and diluted Fukushima nuclear power plants, the planned cooling water plan will be prohibited from importing all living, freezing, refrigerated hidden in all ten counties in Japan in the real time. Aquatic products or other ways to preserve in other ways, including Tokyo, Fukushima, Chiba, Tochigi, Ibaraki, Qunma and other places.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '亚太', '生态环境']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hong-kong-will-ban-seafood-imports-if-japan-releases-nuclear-water-20230712/7177628.html 
On the seventh anniversary of the South China Sea Arbitration, the United States calls on Beijing to stop harassing other countries in the South China Sea 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-13T00:54:00+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 16:54:00Z
Description: On the occasion of the 7th anniversary of the results of the US government in the South China Sea Arbitration, it reiterated the support of the 2016 Hague International Arbitration Court on the Filipino and China ’s sovereignty in China. "Frequent sexual harassment". However, Beijing also once again criticized this ruling "over the trial of the rights and referees of the law" and reiterated that China will never accept the ruling results.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['南中国海争端', '亚太', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-urges-china-to-stop-harassing-vessels-in-south-china-sea-20230712/7177617.html 
American consumer prices have increased since the beginning of 2021 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (布雷德迈尔)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-13T04:13:54+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 20:13:54Z
Description: The government reported on Wednesday that the consumption prices in the United States in June increased by 3%over a year ago, and the inflation rate declined significantly, the smallest annual growth in more than two years.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-inflation-rate-drop-again-20230712/7178157.html 
Can ASEAN conferences find a solution for the Myanmar and the South China Sea crisis? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (林柏宏)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-13T04:34:20+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 20:37:29Z
Description: The Southeast Asian National Alliance held a series of meetings in Jakarta, Indonesia this week to discuss the Myanmar crisis and the South China Sea issue. In addition to the Minister of Southeast Asia, the Secretary of State of the United States, Wang Yi, the director of the Foreign Affairs Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and the foreign ministers of Russia, Japan, and South Korea were also invited to attend. Observer said that it is difficult for countries to reach a consensus on the unsuccessful Myanmar crisis in the talks of these days, and ASEAN still cannot prevent the Beijing authorities from having gray operations in the South China Sea.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['南中国海争端', '亚太', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/myanmar-violence-and-sea-disputes-to-dominate-asean-talks-joined-by-us-russian-and-chinese-envoys-20230712/7178221.html 
Killing Li Jinjin's suspect Zhang Xiaoning's court judge: The evidence of killing is "overwhelming" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (方冰)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-13T05:34:10+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-12 21:34:10Z
Description: After the first eight or nine days, Li Jinjin, a student leader and a New York immigrant lawyer, was killed after more than a year after the spiritual appraisal of the defendant Zhang Xiaoning, today he entered the defendant to choose to confess his guilt to end the case, or he did not plead guilty to prepare for trial.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['法律', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/li-jinjin-murder-case-hearing-defendant-appearance-in-the-courtroom/7178242.html 
