世界新闻
World News
2023-06-28
 
English 
Japan intends to help Asia to build a weather disaster warning system 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T00:17
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T00:17
Description: Japan plans to assist the Asian country to build a meteorological disaster warning system. The Kyodo News Agency reported on Monday (June 26) that the Ministry of Environment of Japan plans to support the construction of a "early warning system" that use satellite data and other meteorological disasters in the Asia -Pacific region.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '亚细安']
Japan plans to assist the Asian country to build a meteorological disaster warning system.
The Kyodo News Agency reported on Monday (June 26) that the Ministry of Environment of Japan plans to support the construction of a "early warning system" that use satellite data and other meteorological disasters in the Asia -Pacific region, and will be extended to more than half of the countries that will be extended to Asian in 2025.
Global warming has caused abnormal weather risks such as heavy rain and heat waves to become increasingly severe, which can help developing countries with weak response to reduce losses.
The Japanese government plans to allow Japanese companies to participate in the project and establish a consultation meeting of government -civilian cooperation consultations participating in about 50 companies including meteorological forecasting services and property insurance to investigate and establish a business model for local needs.
The early warning system will use satellite and other meteorological disasters to ensure the safety of regional residents and reduce industrial losses.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408162 
Take off "Kong Yiji's gown": China's employment situation is becoming more and more severe, and young people find the way from the "blue -collar" work 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T01:46:34.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T01:46:34.000Z
Description: Since 2020, the unemployment rate of young people in China has been at a high level for several years. More and more young people in China cannot find a suitable job, and have to choose a "blue -collar" job that requires physical labor.
Images: [" _130200845_im... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['职业', '中國', '就业', '年轻人']
Type: Article
"Kong Yiji's gown": China's employment situation is becoming more and more severe, and young people find the way from the "blue -collar" work 
June 27, 2023 26 -year -old Zhang Jingjing grew up in rural Chongqing, China. He studied hard in the cold window of changing his destiny in reading and admitted to college and became the pride of the villagers. However, after graduating from college in 2019, she found that not only did she not get a skill, but even the expected salary was not even in the economic downturn. 
Her university is majoring in marketing. After graduation, she has entered the real estate industry for sales. This is one of the industries that have faced the most pressure on transformation in recent years. After three years of ups and downs employment experience, she was exhausted. Occasionally, she came into contact with the housekeeping industry and saw some hope.
"At that time, I was already with a quite collapse and 'rotten'. I felt that it would be enough to find a job to support myself." Zhang Jingjing said. But she found that she loved this line.
Her job is to give her family nanny and family teachers at the age of 5 years old. Most of the time, she played with the child, and she has time to help the elderly at home to do housework. Take off the suit and put on the casual clothes, she became a "blue -collar" worker.
Since 2020, the unemployment rate of young people in China has been at a high level for several years. According to the latest data released by the official June, the unemployment rate of young people aged 16 to 24 reached a record high since 2018, up to 20.8%. More and more young people in China cannot find a suitable job, and have to choose a "blue -collar" job that requires physical labor, including delivery, going to the restaurant as a waiter, a online car driver, and so on.
"For the entire Chinese society, graduating from university to do housekeeping, representing the mismatch of human resources further intensified," said Lu Xi, assistant professor of the School of Public Policy of the State University of Singapore, said.
The high unemployment rate has led to a large gap between the rich and the poor. For the high -end service of the housekeeping industry, especially the high -end services responsible for teaching, it does provide a lot of employment opportunities. However, compared to developed economies such as Hong Kong and Singapore, families in need usually choose foreign workers to do housekeeping.
"This follows the principle of comparative advantages in economics, because the cost of foreign workers is low, and they have more comparative advantages in this regard, so hiring them to do it, which is very helpful to improve the overall socioeconomic efficiency." Lu Xi explained Essence
"Full -time Children": The reorganization of young people or "self -anesthesia"? * Chinese young people struggling between "inner volume" and "lying flat" 
Image source, zhang jingjing
Image adding text,
26 -year -old Zhang Jingjing Nursery Center internship.
From "White -collar" to "Blue -collar" 
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcast
China's demand for "white -collar" people is currently decreasing. According to the estimation of the economist think tank, in 2020, the employment subject is that the professional service positions of college students account for 40%of the total number of young employment opportunities, which is twice as much as ten years ago. However, in recent years, the Chinese government has begun to supervise multiple industries such as real estate, education and training, digital economy, finance, and entertainment, and a considerable part of their positions have gone.
According to the recruitment of Zhilian, China Recruitment Website, in 2021, the recruitment information of real estate, counseling and technology companies accounted for more than half of all graduates' recruitment information. One year later, this number dropped to 26%.
At the same time, the Chinese economy is trending the service industry. The census in 2020 shows that about 75%of young employees have worked in the service industry, but many of the service industries created by China in the past ten years are low Positions, such as takeoffs, restaurant waiters, etc. There are not many jobs for many educated young people who have pursued high wages and high skills.
Zhang Jingjing's real estate industry was one of the most affected industries in recent years. The government repeatedly emphasized that "the house is used for living, not for copying." The regulatory agency set the upper limit of the developer's loan and made a comprehensive reform of the land auction. This affects the financial performance of this industry, and many housing companies are stressed.
In order to work hard, Zhang Jingjing worked for more than 10 hours a day, and was irregular. He only slept for five or six hours in the evening. She tried her postgraduate entrance examination, but did not succeed.
At the end of 2021, she found a sales job in the catering industry, but encountered a sluggish market again. At that time, the epidemic was not over, and the catering industry had not fully recovered. In addition, she felt very depressed.
"It's quite collapse. I ca n’t do anything every day at home. I do n’t have a good sleep, and I have no appetite for meals. The whole mood is very low." Four months later, she resigned. Later, she repeatedly applied for other tasks, but none of them were suitable.
She once envious of the company's cleaning aunt. Although the monthly salary is only four or five thousand, "there is no mental pressure, but it is just a bodies. Professional Training".
Earlier this year, a recruitment advertisement in the housekeeping industry attracted Zhang Jingjing's attention, with a monthly salary of 8,000 to 10,000, and even broke her imagination of the "blue -collar" work. She entered the industry with an attitude of trying.
Most of her colleagues are 35 to 55 years old, and some have not read books from the countryside, and some have retired. This line seems a bit large and small for young people who graduate from university, but Zhang Jingjing does not look at it. She said that not only has professional skills training, it helps to develop in this field for a long time, but also get professional certificates and complete internships to complete an internship. Then get a monthly salary of tens of thousands of yuan. She is currently living in Chengdu, and this salary level has reached a commission when she was previously sold.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
More and more young people in China cannot find a suitable job, and have to choose a "blue -collar" job that requires physical labor, including delivery.
"Pigs can take off at the air outlet" 
There are also young people who took the initiative to choose to leave when the industry was transformed, and "self -descending identity" to do some work that requires physical labor.
After graduating from undergraduate in 2016, Chen Chen (a pseudonym) was engaged in home appliance marketing in Chongqing. The time was 7 years, but half a year ago, she resigned from the previous job and transferred to make old clothes for recycling.
The income is half less than before, and it is cheeky and compete with the bottom workers.
She first went to the residential community to distribute leaflets, and also shouted downstairs in the residents with a large horn- "Recycling the old clothes!". This can't help but remind people of China, which was poor dozens of years ago, and honeycomb coal was heated at home. From time to time, I saw the old people with shirts downstairs, pushing a plate of coal, shouting loudly- "Selling honeycomb coal!" People who recycle mineral water bottle and paper skin sip- "Cover!"
It is difficult to imagine that a young man with a college diploma can do this. Chen Chen also mocked himself, "I started picking up the rash at a young age", but in her heart, she told herself: "I take 40 years less than others, and they are not going to pick up the rotten when they are old."
Image source, chen Chen
Image adding text,
Chen Chen received old clothes in a community.
Chen Chen feels that this industry has a prospect, because China currently has a great demand for recycling old clothes, especially in cities with relatively developed industries, clothes are fast -selling products, and they are eliminated quickly. Treat these old clothes.
"No matter the poor and rich people have demand," she said. "Pigs can take off at the air outlet, and people's choices are often more important than hard work."
In the past few years, she has seen the real estate industry who has been engaged in. The first is the sluggish market in the upstream, and the transaction of investing in land and buying and selling commercial housing has decreased. As a result, the owners who need to buy home appliances have decreased and squeezed her income space. She said that when the market is good, the annual income can reach more than 300,000, and now only half are left.
"If you already know that this industry is in the 'red card' market, then you still want to obtain high returns through hard work," Chen Chen said.
In her opinion, during school, as long as she was willing to work hard, she could get good grades and get the corresponding degree, but this thinking is not suitable for today's job market.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Chen Chen believes that the old clothing recycling industry has a prospect in China.
的 
A few months ago in Chinese society, he enthusiastically discussed whether college students should take off " Kong Yiji's gown "——This refers to a descendant scholar in Lu Xun's novels has reached the point of discussing food, but still persistently wearing a long shirt symbolizing identity. In modern China, the academic degree of gown -like university students, taking off the gown means to do some physical strength to do some physical strength. "Blue -collar" job.
Some media have accused young people with unwillingness to rely on labor to change their situation. But young people have their dissatisfaction. "At first, you used 'knowledge to change destiny' to encourage us to learn. Now we feel that employment is difficult to graduate in college, but I have been accused of being unable to let the scholars' shelves and do not want to change their situation by working." This sentence is widely extensive Quote.
Behind these discussions is the continuous expansion of higher education and a serious depreciation degree. According to the Ministry of Education of China, college graduates in 2023 are expected to reach 11.58 million, while only 1 million in 2000. For more than 20 years, college graduates have increased more than 10 times. This is the most educated generation in Chinese history.
On the other hand, the gap between the employment situation of bachelor degree and professional diploma is shrinking. Data in 2022 show that in the past ten years, the employment rate of graduates of vocational colleges has continued to be more than 90%. In some modern service industries, their income and stability may not be worse than undergraduate students.
Image adding text,
"Kong Yiji's gown" comes from Lu Xun's novel.
Zhang Jingjing in Chongqing had applied for an investment company during his job, but found that the colleagues around him did not even have a bachelor's diploma. The supervisor also had a strong Sichuan spoken language. She thought that she was a child who had come out of the countryside. After graduating from college, she couldn't let go of the pride and left the job a few days later.
"It is a very embarrassing state of high or low," she said. At that time, she was the person who couldn't take off my gown.
Young people are really trying to "take off the gown", but the result is not ideal.
Miss Li in Hangzhou used to do a literary job. Due to the problems of the company's operation, it was unemployed in March this year. After unemployment, she tried to the cinema as a cashier.
Standing for more than seven hours a day, her legs and feet were sore. And the salary is extremely low, "standing for an hour is not enough to buy a cup of milk tea." The most important thing is that she feels that this job has no technical content and is more likely to be eliminated in the future. "There is a feeling of being replaced at any time," she said.
Ms. Li shared her experience on her personal social account, and called on "Kong Yiji's long shirt, don't take off", and received hundreds of responses. Most of the comments are people who have similar experiences with her. They have to be a takeaway runner, go to fast food restaurants as waiters ... But many of them cannot be insisted on because of long working time, low salary, and physical strength.
For them, engaging in the "blue -collar" work is only a brief retreat selected under employment, but it is not a way out. After all, not all "blue -collar" work is an emerging rising industry, and the bottom workers also have their hardships.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
According to the Ministry of Education of China, college graduates in 2023 are expected to reach 11.58 million, while only 1 million in 2000.
Is it still useful? 
Chen Chen, who was looking for a way out of the way to recover the old clothes road, said that many of her colleagues did not have an academic degree, but she thought that her education was not extra.What she and partners think more is how to accumulate more supply channels, make herself into middlemen through these channels, open up the supply chain, then build brands and communities, publicize on social networks Go to the boss.
This process also used her previously accumulated work experience -how to use the three stages of supply, production and sales in the process of production and operation, so that logistics and funds were continuously flowing and value -added.
"If I have n’t been in school, I have n’t done before, I may not think so. I may only stare at it, thinking that I have received 100 kilograms more today," Chen Chen said.
Image source, getty images
However, she does not recommend to do physical work after graduating from college, because "it is usually reduced to the exploration and thinking of things under the circumstances that the body is very tired."
"Even if you have to go to the factory to make screws in order to survive, you can't come to screw screws. It is more to think about the operation of an industry, such as how the production efficiency of a screw on the assembly line, or the screw can produce effects on the screws to generate effects. What is the mechanical principle. "
Chen Chen has learned the operation of the recycling industry in half a year. In addition to continuing to drive every day on the way to collect old clothes, she has begun to ponder how to build her own brand and how to use social media platforms to promote.
For Zhang Jingjing, who switched to housekeeping, she found her own value. Maybe "taking off the gown" at this time was reasonable. She said that "regret not entering the industry earlier." She no longer wants to go to the postgraduate entrance examination, intends to try more positions in this industry, and learn English at the same time, and try to take the high -end service route in the future.
For her, she can work depends on her love and having a skill. Regardless of whether this job is a "white -collar" profession that can make the villagers proud.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65995537 
Sino -Japanese relations: Why does Xi Jinping mention the history of "Ryukyu"? Beijing's political strategy to play "Okinawa" 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T02:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T02:00:00.000Z
Description: Xi Jinping recently examined the historical origin of the "Ryukyu Kingdom" (today's Okinawa) and Fujian, which was independent of the Chinese National Version Recently, and accidentally touched the sensitive nerves of Sino -Japanese relations. Is Beijing playing "Okinawa"? What are the considerations behind?
Images: [" _98682862_bff... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['中日关系', '日本', '习近平', '东海', '中國', '台湾', '美国', '军事']
Type: Article
China -Japan Relations: Why does Xi Jinping refer to the history of "Ryukyu"? Beijing's political strategy to play "Okinawa" 
June 27, 2023 Image adding text,
Okina
On June 4 this year, a headline news published a headline of the Chinese official media "People's Daily", which accidentally attracted attention. An article called " continuous historical context, compose contemporary Chinese chapter The article of " " revealed the CCP's leader Xi Jinping inspected the Chinese version of the Chinese version. He simply talked about a manuscript of the Ming Dynasty with the museum personnel, and mentioned that the independent "Ryukyu Kingdom" (now Okinawa) and Fujian of Fujian at that time were mentioned. History. Regarding news accidentally touched China -Japan sensitive nerves. 
Lin Quanzhong, a researcher at the Hong Kong Asia -Pacific Research Center of the University of Hong Kong, told BBC in Chinese that since April this year, because of the news of Dennistamaki, a Zhicheng of Okinawa Prefecture, intends to visit Beijing this summer "" ". The last time was in 2003, and also the "People's Daily" editorial about the "sovereign dispute" of Okinawa, which caused fierce discussions in Chinese and Japanese politics and the people.
Lin Quanzhong, who has been teaching at Ryukyu University, who has been at the University of Ryukyu in Okinawa for many years, explained that this time it should be a text that "consciously choice" involved in Ryukyu history and commented to Xi Jinping. It can be seen that the two information. "First of all, Beijing seems to emphasize that in the moment when China -Japan relations are not harmonious, China can have a special friendly relationship with Ryukyu; then it is that the status of Ryukyu belongs not to Japan, and it should be discussed. "
The first island chain: Bynden re -connected the breakout of Asian allies and China Conversion of the military threats of the Chinese and North Korea military threats to Okinawa U.S. military base is of great significance Asia -Pacific arms race competition and Sino -Japanese relations under the influence of Japanese defense expenditures * Reporter Laihong: Okinawa -the American complex is difficult to cut? However, is Okinawa folks who see the fermentation of the "Ryukyu problem"? Professor Lin Quanzhong pointed out to the BBC that the answer should be denied. He explained that 10 years ago, at the time, the Okinawa Daily News "Ryukyu Times" criticized the "People's Daily" that involved the issue of Okinawa: "The folk believes that the East China Sea is getting more and less calm, and China will take responsibility .... After 10 years, the society and politics of Okinawa have no major changes, and Okinawa society has not suddenly moved closer to China. " Lin Quanzhong also said that according to the survey of his past in Okinawa, more than half of the public opinion that was unwilling to independent.
As for Beijing's position, Lin Quanzhong wrote in the Hong Kong media "Ming Pao" that Beijing should not be in the foreseeable future, and officially proposed that China does not recognize that Okinawa is a new position in Japan's territory. Unless Japan is highly involved in the "Taiwan issue" in the future, Beijing will Will not rashly hit the "Okinawa card".
But in any case, how does China's "Ryukyu Hot" rise? Whether Xi Jinping's "Okinawa Card" has begun to line up in China and Japan and even tense India -Pacific competitions, it has begun to attract regional attention: Xi Jinping wants to use "Ryukyu Hot" through "Ryukyu Hot" What kind of political effects or income to achieve? How will Japan respond?
Affairs of Okinawa and Sino -Japanese Relations 
Image source, BBC
Image adding text,
After the rise of China, Okinawa became an important mark of China's "first island chain" to prevent China.
In fact, the centuries of the complicated history of Okinawa and Japan and the military strategic position of tens of thousands of U.S. military stationed in Okinawa after World War II have made Okinawa, which has a population of more than 1 million, has always been a key island in the United States and Japan.
After the rise of China, Okinawa became an important mark of China's "first island chain" to prevent China. However, the residents of Okinawa have always seen their own opinions on the Island's tragic ground war history and the death of the people in the island in the island's tragic ground war. At the moment when the United States and Japan Alliance counted the military expansion of China, the Macaugomya Tani, who was re -elected in 2022 and was affiliated to the Japanese Wild Party Liberal Party, reported that it would visit Beijing in early July this year.
Born in Yutong Danny (also known as Yucheng Kangyu) in Okinawa in 1959, his father was an American soldier who was stationed in Okinawa. Before Yucheng, Yicheng was a well -known Japanese entertainer. After politics, he has been demanding that the US military stationed in Okinawa was regarded as the "suspicious American school" of Okinawa politics. He was elected in Okinawa in 2018 and publicly opposed the national funeral for former Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and he himself did not attend Abe's funeral.
Lin Quanzhong told BBC Chinese that Yicheng's plan to visit Beijing this time and disclosed the media delegation for the media to disclose the political and trade delegation composed of Tokyo's Tokyo, which means that it emphasizes that Okinawa belongs to Japan, which is undoubted. However, after Yucheng left Beijing, he would go south to visit Fuzhou, Okinawa Sisters City. At that time, he would meet which important Chinese person in China, which is worth observing.
Image source, BBC World Service
Image adding text,
Yucheng Danny will visit Beijing and Fuzhou this year; in August, it will be visited in Taipei.
In addition, Professor Lin Quanzhong added that on April 1 this year, the Okinawa County Government set up a "regional diplomatic room", because Okinawa was uneasy about the safety of the surrounding area, that is, the so -called "Taiwan Strait). The Okinawa people do not want Okinawa to become the battlefield again, because they have experienced the worst battle in the Pacific Battle during World War II, and they feel deeply in the tragedy of the lives of the people on the island. The will of peace. Yucheng also plans to visit Taiwan in August this year.
Analysts said that Xi Jinping's first publicly touching the Ryukyu issue should be paving the way for Yucheng to visit China, and at the same time, he gave a "Okinawa card" to the not too close Sino -Japanese relations to test the response from Japan.
Beijing "Okinawa"?Dr. Satorunagao, a very resident of the Hudson Institute of Washington Conservative Think Tank, told BBC Chinese that Beijing's comments or behaviors for Okinawa have been in line with the expansion of Chinese territorial expansion in recent years. 
He believes that the means of expanding military in Beijing in the East China Sea, South China Sea, South Pacific, and even India -China borders have the same characteristics, namely through non -military means, such as infrastructure project investment (the “Belt and Road”, the Asian Investment Bank, etc.) Industry investment or economic stress (for Australia, or Pacific islands, etc.) expand China's strength and territory. He said to BBC in Chinese, "For example, China can output many passengers to Okinawa, let the Okinawa people make money, or invite Okinawa County to visit."
From the perspective of Japan's position, Naga Hyun said that this is a trap, because China can suddenly ban passengers from going to Okinawa and then pressure to the Okinawa government. "Palau (Palau) has also happened in the past."
Image source, AFP
Image adding text,
The US garrison in Okinawa.
"Ryukyu Hot" how to start? 
The Chinese official media "People's Daily" and Xinhua News Agency published the "documentary" article of Xi Jinping's inspection of the National Edition of China on June 1 on June 4. The article emphasizes how the museum introduces Xi Jinping in detail a manuscript exhibition product of the Ming Dynasty manuscript "Make Ryukyu Record", which describes the old connection between Fujian Province and the independent "Ryukyu Kingdom" that year. The article, also known as the museum, emphasizes that the manuscript has important political significance, that is, it indicates that the Diaoyu Islands (known as the islands of Jian Ge in Japan, and Taiwan known as Diaoyutai) is a Chinese territory.
The "People's Daily" article also recounted Xi Jinping's response, "When I was working in Fuzhou, I knew that there were Ryukyu Hall, Ryukyu Tomb, and Ryukyu in Fuzhou. At that time, there were 36 surnames of Fujian entered Ryukyu." Xi Jinping also emphasized, "It is necessary to strengthen the collection of classics and versions, and to inherit and develop Chinese civilization." The article also mentioned that the construction of the Chinese version of the Chinese version was approved by Xi Jinping himself.
As everyone knows, Xi Jinping has worked in Fujian for 17 years and has served as the secretary of the Fujian Municipal Party Committee. According to Nikkeasia (Nikkeasia), he also met with visitors from Okinawa and claimed to be the descendants of the "Minutes of the Fujian" descendants.
The British "Economist" published a comment article last week that at first glance, Xi Jinping's remarks seemed to be far from the current political distance, and in 1949, the CCP had never put forward sovereignty on the Ryukyu Islands since the establishment of politics.
However, for many years, many Chinese scholars, military officials, or analysts have been interested in Japan's history of domination of these islands, and even questioned. In 2013, the People's Daily had mentioned that because of controversy in the Diaoyu Islands, it was first mentioned that "Okinawa" first mentioned "Okinawa. The theory of sovereignty has triggered the first wave of "Ryukyu fever" in China, but it also led to high -profile protests from Japanese high -level high -level protests.
Image source, BBC/ Jiro Akiba
Image adding text,
Okinawa is eager to maintain regional peace.
In 2022, after the Japanese Prime Minister Kishita, after a conversation of the "50th Anniversary of Okinawa's Return", Hong Kong's "Asian Weekly" subsequently published a "love between Okinawa and China" written by "Mao Feng" written in "Mao Feng" Article In detail how Okinawa integrates the "traditional Chinese culture", including the profound Chinese heritage of Okinawa, it still retains the Lunar New Year, which is no longer celebrated by the Japanese island after celebrating the "Meiji Restoration" every year. Mao Feng's article can be said to be the so -called "Ryukyu heat" epitome of Chinese folks.
For example, the article emphasizes the two generations of the Ming and Qing dynasties. The "Ryukyu Kingdom" uses the Chinese year. It also uses Chinese characters to indicate that the "Ryukyu Kingdom" has a deep relationship with "China". Mao Feng's article also mentioned that, according to his historical evidence, more than a hundred years after the Emperor Kangxi of the Qing Dynasty, Ryukyu sent tribute to the tribute. The Ryukyu Waste Seal County officially forcibly merged with Ryukyu into Japan and set it as Okinawa Prefecture.
50th anniversary of normalization of China -Japan diplomatic relations: "Devil Professional Household" and Sino -Japanese relations in the eyes of Chinese in Japan The 50th anniversary of the normalization of China -Japan diplomatic relations: Xi Jinping and Kishida Wenxiong mutually congratulated China and Japan for three years without meeting Japan once represents the future, but it is trapped in the past 
Image adding text,
The first island chain and the second island chain icon.
However, when the first wave of "Okinawa Hot" in 2013, the Japanese current Affairs News Agency quoted a Chinese diplomatic document on July 28, 1964 that when the United States was required to hand over Okinawa sovereignty, then the then CCP leader Mao Zedong Zedong He once told the deputy minister of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs that "of course, Okinawa, to Japan," and sent a telegram to the Chinese embassy in the Chinese abroad. The current affairs news agency said that the information was found in the original foreign telegram collected by the History of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China.
Okinawa was forcibly governed by the United States after World War II and sent garrison. On May 15, 1972, the United States abandoned the administrative, judicial and legislative power of Ryukyu, and was transferred to Japan. The Okinawa Prefecture was established again. The yen was used as a currency, which was called "Okinawa's return".
Okinawa Strategy 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
From the bird's -eye view of the middle of Okinawa, we can see that the U.S. Air Force Base (left) and the Kaisa Air Force Base (information photo on December 12, 2021) can be seen.Professor June Teufeldreyer, an expert in Sino -Japanese relations research experts at the University of Miami, said in an interview with "Economist" that when Zhongnanhai wants to propose controversial claims, it may be mentioned in a low -key meeting before handing it out, and then handed it over. Cited to government documents or official media, and subsequently publicized by senior officials: "This is a method of creating a faithful facts step by step."
Image source, BBC/ Chika Nakayama
Image adding text,
Ishigaki Island in Okinawa is only 200 kilometers away from Taiwan.
Professor James R. Holmes of the School of War of the United States Naval Conservatory told BBC in Chinese that he agreed that Xi Jinping's historical issue of Ryukyu had a dual intention of politics and military.
Holmes explained that the purpose of military services is to provide choices for policy makers. The former plans that many outsiders may think that they may seem ridiculous. For example, in the era when the U.S. Navy has established a special relationship with Britain, the U.S. Navy still writes a plan to fight the British, even if there is no possibility of the British and American wars at the time.
He pointed out: "But you never know -so we tend to think about unimaginable things in advance. We (the United States) has made the same plan on the issue of the Chinese People's Liberation Army. Very small. In the last time (10 years ago), in the storm caused by the Ryukyu issue, I speculated about the possible process of this battle in "Foreign Policy". "
Holmes analysis that has long promoted the strategy of the United States at the ISland Chain strategy that Xi Jinping's comments about Okinawa this time are "simple ways to cause trouble politically to Japan."
He said that in the era of China and the Japanese Empire, Ryukyu has an overglage situation in its position, "enables both Chinese and Japanese big brothers to get Ryukyu's respect. This also gives Xi Jinping some room for exhibition: Beijing does not need to need You can get some important strategic benefits to Okinawa. "
But in military, Homs believes that Okinawa's independence will certainly be very helpful to Beijing. Because the latter can leave these islands from Japan's sovereignty in some way, rebuild an independent, weak neighbor country, and will also allow the Japanese Self -Defense Force's facilities to evacuate from these islands, eliminating the "expeditionary base of the expedition to the US Marine Corps The concept of combat, (this concept is imagined to set up mobile defensive military forces on the island chain to prevent the PLA navy from breaking the first island chain).
He said: "I want to emphasize that it is unlikely that the PLA attacks the Ryukyu part or all of the operation. But the incident in the past few years reminds us that the authoritarian countries may make outsiders' unlikely sound and arrears of action. . For example, China will build artificial islands in the South China Sea to claim sovereignty over the vast waters. It was previously considered to be nonsense by outsiders. Therefore, at least we should think about this possibility (war in Okinawa) this time. If you have never thought of things, you won't be caught off guard. "
Changwei Xian analyzed the BBC Chinese, because the range of Chinese missiles is expanding, and the military deployment balance around Okinawa is changing. He said that the US military base in Okinawa is not a safe place for the United States. The United States currently has 54 F-15 fighters in Okinawa. After that, the United States will deploy the F-22 fighter, but the base of rotation deployment.
He emphasized: "The United States believes that if these fighters are deployed to permanent bases, it will easily become the target of Chinese missile attacks. In Beijing, the United States is withdrawn from Okinawa. It will expand territorial claims. Therefore, Xi Jinping's remarks about Okinawa are to observe and check the opponent. "
Changwei Xian said that if the PLA on the east coast of Taiwan, that is, the Pacific side is deployed enough military forces, it is necessary to cross the coast of the Okinawa area, but if the missiles deployed in Japan and the United States, the PLA prevents the PLA from crossing Okinawa and other Southwest islands in Japan. China It is difficult to deploy military forces on the East Coast of Taiwan.
Image source, BBC/Jiro Akiba
Image adding text,
Naha's Japanese Air Force.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66007382 
What do you say for the first time after Wagner's rebellion? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T02:41:00Z
Description: After the dramatic rebellion in Russia on the 24th, Putin and the Wagner Group's leader Pleigjin all issued the latest statement on the 26th. What did they say? What is the reaction of China and the United States, NATO, and Ukraine?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '乌克兰', '美国', '拜罗伊特音乐节', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '瓦格纳', '普京', '普里戈津', '乌克兰', '美国']
Id: 66040363
Putin responded to the rebellion of the Wagner Group on the 26th.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Russian President Valdimir Putin said on Monday (June 26) that he let go of the rebellion before he let go of the rebels [Wagner Group].(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/瓦格纳军团叛乱带来的启示/a-66026724); Leader Wagner's leader of the mercenary group Porigoin (Yevgenyprigozhin) said he had never intended to overthrow the government.
Putin's speech on television was the first public comment since Russia's rebellion on the 24th. At the time of the incident, he had stated that the rebellion threatened the survival of Russia, and the black hands behind the scenes would be punished.
On the 26th, Putin said that at the beginning, Moscow took the relevant measures to avoid severe bleeding incidents according to its instructions: "This requires time and other factors, so that those who make mistakes have the opportunity to wake up and realize that the society is strictly rejected their behavior, and they This risk will cause both tragedy and destructive consequences to Russia. "
Putin said he would fulfill his weekend's commitment to allow them to move to Belarus, sign contracts with the Russian Ministry of Defense or return to his family.
Although Putin's speech on the 26th did not mention Purigjin directly, it only said that the "rebellion organizer" took the lead in letting the Wagner troops "shoot to himself." But he said that most members of Wagner were patriots, and thanked General Wagner for his retreat to avoid "the bleeding of the brothers".
Porigin posted a 11 -minute news on Telegram, saying that his men were forced to attack their helicopter while going to Moscow. The content of this audio has not mentioned the rebellion he initiated, nor did he reveal his whereabouts at this moment.
Reuters quoted the three major news agencies in Russia on the 26th that the criminal cases against Pleigjin had not yet completed the case; the previously public agreement stated that Porigin will be exempted.
In addition, the Russian media "IFX" quoted the Kremlin spokesperson that Putin met with the heads of the Russian security department that night, including Sergeishoigu, the Minister of Defense, who was asked to be fired.
Wagner's rebellion after the Russian Defense Director first showed up 
Where is the leader of Wagner? 
The last time Porigo appeared in the public's field of vision, he was holding by the people on the back seat of the car on the evening of the 24th. He was about to withdraw from the city occupied by Wagner at the time. He said that his soldiers had stopped rebellion to avoid bleeding.
In his latest newsletter, Porigin said: "Our trip is for demonstration, not overthrowing a government." He did not mention his whereabouts, nor did he have more content on the agreement that made him terminate the rebellion. As an explanation, it is only called Belarusian President Lukashenko, which is in the middle of the mediation (Alexander Lukashenko) has proposed that Wagner Group can continue to operate according to a certain legal framework.
The White House said that Perigin is not currently in Belarus.
Wagner's leader Porigzin spoke at the Military Command Center in southern Russia on the 24th.
All parties responded 
NATO Secretary -General Jens Stoltenberg told DW on the 26th that the Wagner rebellion showed "the danger of relying on mercenaries" and "the fragility and weakness of the Russian regime."
But he also emphasized that the rebellion was "internal issues in Russia, which has nothing to do with NATO, and the focus of NATO is in Ukraine.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg accepted a DW interview on the 26th that the Wagner rebellion showed the fragility of the Russian regime.
Reuters also reported that U.S. President Joebiden claimed that it was "part of the struggle in the Russian system" and stated that at a conference call with his major allies, the participants agreed that Putin must avoid blaming this matter. In the West and NATO.
"We have clearly stated that we have not participated, and we have nothing to do with this matter."
The White House national security spokesman John Kirby said that the US policy has no intention of renovating the Russian government.
Kurtcampbell, a coordinator of the White House Indian Affairs, said at the forum of the Washington Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center (CSIS) on the 26th that although the rebellion was short, the Chinese government was disturbed. He did not explain this statement.
Except for NATO and the United States, governments of various countries -regardless of their relationships with Russia -they are still exploring the truth behind the incident, and may be developed in the future.
China Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning reiterated its position at a press conference on the 26th, saying that the incident was "Russia's internal affairs", and "Chinese support also believes that Russia can maintain national stability and achieve development and prosperity."
Ukraine President Volodymyrzlensky said that the Ukraine made progress in all areas of the front line on the 26th. "Today is a happy day." After inspecting the front line, he said in a night speech on the train, "I hope our soldiers will have more such days."
Kiev hopes that the chaotic situation caused by the Wagner rebellion can weaken Russia's defense capabilities Because Ukraine has recently counterattacked Russia. Ukraine said on the 26th that his army has recaptured a small village named Rivnopil in the south, which is the ninth village that Wufang has recaptured since its launching counterattack.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈: This is not a coup 
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
管 Rostov on the River 
On June 24, in Rostov on the Russian River in southern Russia, Wagner's mercenaries announced that they took over the major military headquarters in the region. There was a video there in Porigin, saying that his man went to Moscow to start "justice". He also said that "Russia will soon have a new president." Then, the Russian Procuratorate filed a case on the "armed riots", and the National Security Agency began to investigate the whereabouts of Perigzin.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Chechen armed for armed for intervention 
It seems to be on the string. Cadrov, leader of Chechen area(Ramzan Kadyrov)It was said on June 24 that his armed forces had been opened to "intense areas" and prepared to assist the Kremlin Ping Ping Wagner Mercenary Corps rebellion. He wrote on social media: "We will do our best to maintain Russia's unity and defend the country."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Putin: The dagger from behind 
Facing the "rebels north", Russian President Putin delivered a TV speech. "In 1917, Russia suffered such a blow. At that time, it was the first world war. But the victory was taken away. Various political adventurers and Foreign forces killed Russians by themselves, and they tear up the country in order to seek private interests. We will not let this happen again. "He said that armed resistance was" betrayal of the country "," dagger who came over "from behind," every Those who participate in the rebels will be punished. " But Putin also said that Wagner soldiers can be called "heroes", and they have liberated the Donbass region in southern Ukraine.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Moscow City Enter "Very Period" 
On June 24, when the Trojan troops were allegedly 200 kilometers away from the capital, Moscow implemented the martial law of the counter -terrorism action model. Authorities require residents to restrict travel. The Moscow's municipal department also ordered that for the sake of safety, the city continued to maintain martial law on Monday's working day.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
The military team suddenly turned around: I don’t want to "let Russia bleed" 
However, as soon as June 24th, the Belarusian President Luka Shenko suddenly issued a statement saying that with the consent of Russian President Putin, a agreement was reached with Porigin. Activity. Porigabin quickly confirmed the agreement. He said: "We are ordering the troops to turn around and return to the field camp." He also said that he understood the importance of this moment and didn't want to "let Russia bleed." As for whether the criminal investigation of Porigin is canceled, the current statement is different.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈 
Born in 1961 in Leningrad, the current St. Petersburg. He has served in Soviet prison for 9 years for robbery and fraud. After being released from prison, he started making hot dog food cars in his hometown and set up a catering company Concord to provide catering for the national banquet. This kind of cooperation brings him the title of "Putin Chef". In 2014, Porigin founded a private mercenary "Wagner Group".
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Wagner Legion 
Wagner's mercenaries involved in Ukraine for the first time in 2014 to help Russia illegally annexes the Crimean Peninsula. After Russia's full invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the fighting power of the Wagner Corps in the fierce battle in eastern Ukraine became an important military asset of the Kremlin. The source of the soldiers comes from Russia's retired officers, police, and prisoners who want to be released in advance. Foreigners can also join in addition to NATO countries and Ukraine. His commander Ulin worshiped German musician Wagner, and the legion was named.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Porigo does not accept the leadership of the Ministry of National Defense 
The Wagner Legion has been active on the front line of the war, such as playing an extremely important role in Bachmum's surrounding war. However, in recent months, fierce quarrels broke out with the senior executives of the Russian army, and believed that the Ministry of National Defense did not provide enough ammunition supply during the Bach Murut Campaign. Husbands should be responsible for the large number of casualties of the Wagner Mercenary Soldiers. Since June, the Russian Ministry of Defense demanded that the mercenaries have signed an agreement to obey the command before the end of the month. This seems to be tantamount to disarm, and the contradictions have been further intensified.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
? 
On June 26, the Russian Defense Minister Shao Yigu, who was accused of "incompetence", was named "incompetent" on TV, explaining that he inspected the frontline troops, but no time and place were not explained. However, people are more concerned about the whereabouts of Porigerin. According to the agreement reached with Belarus, he should go there. Reached? His journalist informed, "Porigerjin asked everyone. Once you can send and receive information, he will answer everyone's question."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
How many people will follow him? 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/瓦格納叛亂後首次發言-普京怎麼說？/a-66040363?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
From "Koccutie" to "Nana" those false "crooked nuts" that seek patriotism for patriotism 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T03:39:59.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T03:39:59.000Z
Description: Douyin stated in a statement issued last week that because "Paul Koccar" imitated the Russian soldiers' "picking traffic", it had banned its account indefinitely.
Images: [" _130203882_2.jpg ", " _130213930_4.jpg "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['乌克兰局势升温', '俄国', '中國', '假消息']
Type: Article
From "Koccutie" to "Nana" those false "crooked nuts" who planned patriotism for patriotism 
June 27, 2023 Image source, Social Media
Over the past few months, a man in China has attracted more than 300,000 fans. He claimed that he was a Russian soldier who fought at the front line of Ukraine, but people found that he was actually located in Henan Province, China. 
Douyin stated in a statement issued last week that he had banned his account indefinitely because he imitated Russian soldiers' "picking traffic".
The man's account is called "Paul Koccar", which is obviously inspired by Pavel Korchagin.
In the film, the man with a beacon and a beard said Mandarin. He called himself a soldier of Chechen Special Forces.
"Hello, friends in China, we are now the nuclear power plant in Harkov, Ukraine." He said in a widely reposted film.
In other films, he also claimed that he had detained the Ukraine President Volodymyrzlensky and caught American soldiers although there were currently no active American soldiers participated in the Ukrainian war.
With the popularity of these films, he was able to sell Russian products including vodka and honey in his online store. After its true identity was revealed, some netizens commented on the comments and ridiculed this approach "creative sales, cooperated with the people's conditions", and mastered the "traffic password".
 Image source, Social Media
Image adding text,
Netizens found that his IP address is in Henan, China, not what he calls the Ukrainian front line.
However, some netizens found doubts, such as his speaking with Chinese dialect, and the IP address of his account showed that he was in Henan Province. According to regulatory requirements, many social media in China will currently display the IP address of the postpoders.
It is also found that the so -called "nuclear power plant" in his video is actually a power plant in Luoyang, Henan.
According to the Chinese media "SIXTH TONE", he was finally found to use Deepfake technology and artificial intelligence tools to change his appearance and make false identities.
Fake news, how does the technology circle "fake"? Chinese face -changing video application is popular and caused security concerns Star -changing face porn videos were blocked by the website * Deep counterfeit: "How can I fall into the love river?" After being exposed, "Paul Kococar" deleted all the films and changed the account name to "Wang Kang Mei".
In China, this is not the first time that the content creators on social media have used foreign identities to make money online.
Last year, a woman who claimed to be from Russia and named "Nana" became popular because of sharing her life in China, attracting nearly 2 million fans, and sold a large number of products.
However, the account was eventually revealed that a Chinese was faked Russians through makeup and use of face -changing special effects tools. After being criticized by user complaints and official media, they were named.
At the end of last year, the China National Internet Information Office issued the "Regulations on the Management of In -depth Synthetic Synthesis of Internet Information Services", requiring that in -depth synthetic service providers to find that the use of deep synthetic services to produce and disseminate false information shall be "timely rumored measures."
This regulation also requires that in -depth synthetic service providers should be marked in the "reasonable position" of the content of information content when providing synthetic vocals and face replacement services.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66027379 
Media: US Treasury Secretary is expected to visit early July 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T04:56:00Z
Description: For a long time, the trip to China to visit China may appear in July. According to Bloomberg, she will meet with Chinese Vice Premier He Lifeng; before, Yellen met the then Chinese Deputy Prime Minister Liu He in January this year. What are the recent statements of Yellen's economic relations with the United States and China?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '美国']
Keywords: ['美国', '耶伦', '财政', '何立峰', '刘鹤', '美中关系', '中美竞争']
Id: 66040462
The picture shows US Treasury Secretary Yellen spoke at a press conference in the US Treasury in April.
(Voice of Germany) Bloomberg Society on Monday (June 26) quoted anonymous insiders, saying that US Finance Minister Janetyellen plans to visit Beijing in early July to meet with the new Vice Premier He Lifeng and start a high -level economy. talks. In this regard, a U.S. official said that the matter has not yet been determined.
Earlier this year, US -China relations due to the Spy Balloon "incident And deteriorating, the plan of US Secretary of State Antony Blinken plans to postpone it until mid -June before it was expected; Reuters pointed out at the time that Brinken and Qin Gang The 7.5 hours of "frank" and "constructive" talks were held, but there seemed to be no major progress in issues such as Taiwan, trade, and human rights. In April, Yellen once said that her interview trip will be extended to "appropriate time"; if this trip is true, Yellen will become the second cabinet official to visit China by the Biden government.
Bloomberg pointed out that after Liu He stepped down in March, Xi Jinping's relative He Lifeng became the Vice Prime Minister of China. Traditionally, this position was a counterpart official of the US Treasury Secretary. Earlier, Yellen met with Liu He in Zurich, Switzerland in January this year; according to the Associated Press at the time, both parties emphasized "control and control" And the United States and the United States strengthen the cooperation in climate change.
In January of this year, US Treasury Secretary Yellen met with then Chinese Vice Premier Liu He in Zurich, Switzerland.
Yellen made a speech at Johns Hopkins University in April. When talking about US -China relations, she said: "China's economic growth is not necessarily incompatible with the role of the United States in economics." Lun believes that the two countries should "manage the economic relations between the two parties responsibly"; in addition to hoping to maintain national security and human rights, the United States also hopes to maintain a "healthy competitive relationship" with China.
Recently US President Biden indirect Known Xi Jinping is a "dictator" Yellen responded to this emphasis on important communication , And said that the United States and China must be "cooperated in the field of cooperation."
Bloomberg reported on the 26th that the U.S. government intends to sacrifice an administrative order that is controlled and may even cut off the US specific investment projects in China, covering semiconductors, artificial intelligence, quantum operations and other fields. According to reports, the Biden government has been studying the matter for 2 years, and it is about to be completed in the near future. I hope to be ready in late July.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen said in May that the United States is worried that China will take "economic stress" to other countries, and many members of the Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) have the same concerns and are thinking about how to deal with this action. The picture shows Yellen and US President Biden at the White House last March.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/媒體：美財長預計7月初訪中/a-66040462?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Li Qiang's concept of Western "risk reduction" is optimistic about the Chinese economy 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T06:51:00Z
Description: Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang said at the "New Leaders' Annual Meeting" held at the World Economic Forum on the 27th that the "dependence and risk reduction" of some countries is to politize the pseudo -propositions of economic and trade issues. He also said that China's economic growth in the second quarter of this year will accelerate, and it is expected to achieve a 5%annual growth goal.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['希腊债务危机', '国内生产总值', '欧债危机', '专题报道：习近平访美', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '诺贝尔奖', '欧洲难民危机', '欧洲', '专题报道：中国经济何处去？']
Keywords: ['去风险', '中美关系', '欧盟', '芯片', 'WTO', '中国经济', '脱钩', 'GDP']
Id: 66040846
When Li Qiang visited Germany in June, he met with German Prime Minister Xiaolz in Berlin.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang attended the "New Leaders' Annual Meeting" held by the World Economic Forum (WeF) on Tuesday (June 27). During the opening ceremony " Dependence, Risk Reduction "The statement is pseudo -propositions, and oppose people to politicize economic trade issues.
Li Qiang said that the development of globalization has allowed countries to depend on each other and develop together, which is a good thing. If there is any risk of any industrial chain, it should not be calculated by a specific government or organization. related business. He therefore opposed people as the way of people, politicized economic and trade issues, and called on countries to maintain the stability and smoothness of global industries and supply chains, so that the results of economic development should benefit different countries and people in different countries and people.
In addition, Li Qiang also said that the Chinese economy's recovery trend this year is obvious. The economic growth rate of the second quarter is expected to be higher than the previous quarter.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中國經濟增長目標5偏保守-專家一定可達到/a-64888850)"". At that time, Li Qiang said that it was not easy to achieve this goal.
However, Reuters reports that after the industrial output and retail sales data in May did not meet the expectations, multiple banks have repaired the expectations of China's GDP growth this year It also said that Beijing must take further measures to support the country's economic recovery that is not as expected as expected after the country.
"New Leaders' Annual Meeting", also known as the "Summerdavos", is a meeting held by WEF each year in major cities in China. Participants are mostly emerging markets such as "BRICS countries" or among developed countries. Enterprise organizations, politicians, and experts and scholars. There are about 1,500 participants this year, including [New Zealand Prime Minister Chris Hipkins, which has launched a visit to China on the 25th]](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/不跟隨拜登批中-新西蘭總理將率團訪華/a-66009563)Essence
WTO Director -General: "Development" will damage the global economy 
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China issued a statement saying that before the opening of the opening lecture, Li Qiang had met with the World Trade Organization (WTO) director of the World Trade Organization (WTO) on the afternoon of the 26th. And published similar conversations.
Li Qiang told Ivera that free trade and division of labor are an inevitable choice to deal with global challenges. Some countries have proposed "dependence" and "risks", which not only violates the principles of free trade advocated by the WTO. The multilateral trading system also violates the security and stability of economic laws and disrupts the global industrial chain supply chain, and eventually hinders the process of recovery of the world economy.
According to this statement, Ivera responded that the world economy should not be fragmented, and "decoupling" will damage global economic development, and unilateralism and protectionism also violate the trend of globalization. She said that WTO appreciates China's important contributions since the organization has joined the organization, and also looks forward to building a strong partnership with China.
WTO Director -General Ivera (Data Photo).
How can the West talk about "reducing risks"? 
The concept of "dependence and risk reduction" of some countries in Li Qiangkou has recently mentioned repeatedly in Europe and the United States, but it may not be the same as China's understanding of this.
Earlier this year, Jakesullivan, a US national security consultant, said that the important prerequisite for economic globalization is the principle of compliance with responsibility and opening up. The key industries, and the continuous expansion of military ambitions in the Asia -Pacific region, have not discouraged Russia's invasion, have challenged a considerable challenge to international order. Therefore, the United States and its allies began to implement export restrictions on Chinese chip technology , And Banning of Huawei, Huawei, manufacturer of communication equipment , To reduce dependence and risks to China's supply chain.
"Risk -de -risk means an effective supply chain with elasticity and ensure that we will not be coerced by any country." He emphasized that these measures are only aimed at "a few plans to challenge our country in military" without a needle. Other emerging economies are not "technical blockade" criticized by Beijing.
He said: "We just need to ensure that the technology of the United States and the allies will not be used to deal with ourselves, not to cut off trade." He also pointed out that bilateral trade between China and the United States hit a new record last year.
Chairman of the European Executive Committee Feng Delin (Ursulavon Derleyen) also stated on WeF that although the EU needs to "cooperate with China and trade", it still needs to amend the direction of commercial transactions with China to seek "reducing risks, not decoupling" with the world's second largest economy in this world, Essence
Interview: By separation of risk? The key depends on how to define 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/李強批西方「降風險」概念-對中國經濟樂觀/a-66040846?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Expert: Cognition of the ocean and blue financial investment are still not enough (Free Version) 
Authors: ['袁漪琳']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T07:52:09+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T03:43:99+08:00
Description: Dai Minhan, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said at the Davos Forum in the summer that the most advanced information and manufacturing technology still have significant lack of knowledge of the ocean, and financial leverage has not been invested in the marine field.
Images: [" 000185722_pic... "]
Themes: ['夏季达沃斯', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '环境', '海洋', '植树', '生态', '湿地']
Type: Article
 On June 27, Dai Minhan, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a professor at Xiamen University at the Tianjin Summer Davos Forum, spoke at the "Return to Natural Survival Controversy" sub -forum, saying that the most advanced information and manufacturing technology are still significant to the ocean. Insufficient cognition, financial leverage has not invested in the new economic growth pole.
To restore the global natural ecology, it is necessary to use the three aspects of continuing degradation, protection and repair. Academician Dai Minhan suggested that the coastal wetland is used as the entry point because it is the economic life pulse. According to its preliminary research, if China can curb the continued degradation of coastal wetland, it has the potential to restore the wetland ecosystem to the level of 30-40%in the 1980s. At the same time, it is necessary to use scientific repair based on ecosystems, not landscape repair. These suggestions are based on a formula made by Academician Dai Minhan:
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100088 
BBC survey: new satellite images show that Chinese spy balloon has fly over Japan and Taiwan 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T08:07:04.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T08:07:04.000Z
Description: The BBC "Panorama" column cooperated with a family artificial intelligence company to obtain relevant evidence from millions of satellite images.
Images: [" _130208382_6b... ", " _130174368_se... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['间谍', '中國', '亚洲']
Type: Article
BBC Survey: New satellite images show that Chinese spy balloon has flying over Japan and Taiwan 
June 27, 2023 Image source, Synthetaic/Planet Labs PBC
Image adding text,
Suspected sphere of balloon flew over Japan's satellite images.
BBC "Panorama" column revealed the new evidence of the Chinese spy balloon plan, including its flight over Japan and Taiwan. 
Japan has confirmed that a balloon has flew over its territory and said it was ready to shoot it down in the future.
China does not respond directly to the evidence provided by the BBC.
Earlier this year, a spy balls accused of being accused of China were shot down near the United States coast, causing Sino -US relations to fall into trouble.
China claims that the balloon seen on the northwest of the United States at the end of January is a civil airship and used for scientific research such as meteorology -and it is said that it is an unexpected individual incident.
Former East Asian analyst Johnculver, former East Asian analyst at the Central Intelligence Agency, told the "Wide -angle Mirror" program that this is "not a single incident, but at least to dates back to continuous action five years ago." He said that China's balloon is "especially for this type of long -distance task", and some "seem to surround the earth."
 Image source, Tyler Thompson/US Navy
Image adding text,
In February 2023, the U.S. Navy personnel recovered the wreckage of suspected spy balloon in the North Atlantic.
Chinese balloon flying over the United States violates international law? BBC cooperated with artificial intelligence company Synthetaic to find a large amount of data captured by satellites and found multiple balloon images through East Asia.
The company's founder Corey Jaskolski discovered evidence of a balloon crossing northern Japan in September 2021. These images have not been made public in the past.
Jascarski also believes that evidence shows that the balloon was launched from the inland inland south of Mongolia. BBC cannot verify this.
Japan is an intimate ally in the United States. There are more troops stationed in Japan than in any other country.
Image adding text,
Suspected Chinese spy balls were photographed over Taiwan.
Murakami Murakami in the Japanese Ministry of Defense told the BBC that the Japanese government is "taking various planning measures to monitor the relevant situation daily" and even prepares to hit the balloon to protect the "life and property of the people in the Japanese territory."
The U.S. State Department said that Chinese balloon equipment has the ability to collect signal information. It said that the aircraft found in the United States has "multiple antennas and is likely to be capable of collecting and positioning communication."
In order to investigate whether China has launched other balloons, the "Wide -angle Mirror" team first searched the witness report on unknown sky flights in social media and news reports in the region.
They found that two photos taken by the Taiwan weather department seemed to show a balloon flying over the capital Taipei at the end of September 2021.
Jascarski then cross -compares these photos with satellite images. "We found that the balloon flew out of the coastline of Taiwan within 90 seconds," he said.

Is the Chinese government monitoring you? 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-66028371/P0FXJ8Z5/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-66028371/p0fxj8z5/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
The new image shows that Chinese spy balloon once flew over Japan and Taiwan
From a spy balloon to the secret police to the escape from the disgraceful, the Panorama investigation reported that China ’s global monitoring operation was reported. We revealed new details about the Beijing Spy Balloon Fleet, and also black into a Chinese -made monitoring camera, showing how similar devices on the streets can be used.
BBC Chinese will publish a complete video version of the report later, so stay tuned.
The Taiwanese government told "Wide -angle Mirror" that they believe that it was a weather balloon, but Jascarski did not agree.
"Judging by the diameter of the balloon, and it seems similar to its operation height ... It is like the balloon flying over the United States and Japan," he said.
Taiwan, where the democratic government's main administration has long been the goal of China.
Last year, the Chinese army conducted a comprehensive offensive drill.
U.S. President Joe Biden has stated that if China launch an offense, the United States will defend Taiwan.
How to help positioning balloons in artificial intelligence? 
Kerry Jaskarski first imagined what the balloon seen from space can be drawn out. Then, he entered this outline to his AI software and joined the coordinates when he saw the ball ball for the last time.
He also joined the wind model analysis to track the path of balloons and find its starting point.
Image adding text,
Kerry Jaskarski
With the satellite image provided by Planet Labs (Planet Labs), Kobe enters all information to his software RAIC (fast automatic image classification) to position balloon.However, they look just small white spots from the satellite shooting from the space.
Research from Justarki showed that the balloon flying over the United States in February was only 80 miles (130 kilometers) of a nuclear air force base in Mongolia.
He also retreated the flying path back to its most likely launch location -Hainan Island in the South China Sea.
"It seems ... there is a cloud layer at the launch location," he said. "If I want to launch a balloon, I will choose a cloudy day to minimize the detected opportunity."
Image source, Synthetaic/Planet Labs PBC
Image adding text,
Jascarsky tracks balloons through such satellite images.
In a statement, the Chinese Embassy in London has accused the United States that it has released a large number of high -altitude balloon, continuing to surround the earth, and illegally fly over China.
The embassy also said that "China is a responsible country", always "strictly abide by international law and respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries." It also added to refuse to "discredit and attack China for unjustly."
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66028371 
To save local birds New Zealand decided to destroy mice 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T08:15:28.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T08:15:28.000Z
Description: New Zealand plans to destroy all mice, negative mice and Iton. Can this plan work?
Images: [" _129945913_me... ", " _129175978_me... ", " _129174780_me... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['自然', '保护（自然世界）']
Type: Article
to save local birds New Zealand decided to eliminate mice 
June 27, 2023 Image adding text,
Some islands in New Zealand are open to the public, but rodents are rejected.
On a sunny Sunday morning, wild animal lovers gathered on the beautiful Miramar Peninsula. They are performing an extinction task. 
The "Predator-Free Miramar" organization is committed to protecting birds in the New Zealand capital Wellington, and their way is to eliminate mice-eradicate each mouse.
After wearing a reflective jacket, the volunteers got poison and peanut butter, which is the ideal bait of rodents.
Everyone is assigned to a area where they will check the spring trap and bait boxes with toxins. "Bads, I wish you a good luck." Said Dan Coup, the person in charge of the group.
 Image adding text,
The task of Mirama volunteers is to eliminate the last few mice left on the peninsula.
A GPS application guides Kupu through the bush and finds the equipment on the route. Everywhere, he replaced the bait and updated the information on the application. No signs have shown that a mouse has come.
But when he was looking for feces and other clues on the ground, his phone shook. A participant posted a picture in their WhatsApp group: a mouse who died in a trap.
This is not a popular news. "Dave would be happy because he grabbed the mouse, but we felt sad because there was a mouse." Kupu sighed.
The elimination of mice and other predators is not only the goal of Mirama, but also the goal of New Zealand. The government expects this task by 2050.
This is a difficult task. The largest area that has destroyed all mice is South Georgia, which is an island of 170 kilometers (105 miles) on the South Atlantic.
New Zealand natural conservatives believe that at the right time, this can be achieved in a larger region in the United Kingdom.
Others pointed out actual and moral issues.
The core of this project is a unique ecological environment. New Zealand was split from an ancient oversized mainland 85 million years ago, far before the appearance of mammals. Without predators on land, birds can build nests or not fly on the ground.
 Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
New Zealand countries symbolize several dimensions of birds have been threatened for a long time, and few young birds can survive without controlling predators.
Paris: Romantic City Rat disasters caused a dispute between mice and mice Confront the Paris Mouse positively Wildlife Photography Contest: Metro Mouse won the Popular Award for Food * Research: Mouse "is not the question of sin that causes the outbreak of the black death" In addition, New Zealand is the last main land for human settlement. In the 13th century, Poluniians brought mice and Pacific rats. Sixth century later, Europeans introduced larger mammals, eating birds with no defense capabilities. Since the settlement of humans, almost one -third of local species have been extinct.
It is not a new thing to save other species. In the 1960s, the nurses managed to clear the mice on the offshore island. But it was not until around 2010 that dealing with predators became a social phenomenon.
James Russell, a biologist at the University of Auckland, and the proposter of the 2050 plan, said: "It comes out and becomes a totem of a country."
Russell said one of the factor is the appearance of infrared cameras. In the 20th century, the most obvious pests and the main targets were large herbivores, such as deer and goats. But since the beginning of this century, wild animal enthusiasts have been able to show the activities of small mammals at night.
The pictures of mice rushed to eggs and chicks were widely shared. "This video stimulated people." At that time, an ecologist estimated that 26 million birds were eaten by predators in New Zealand each year.
In 2011, the famous physicist Sir Paulcallaghan promoted the dream of a country without predators. Russell and other young environmentalists believe that as long as they have enough investment and mobilization, they can do this.
Politicians also joined. In 2016, a law listed the predators most needed to eliminate: three kinds of mice (Pacific Rats, Ship, Norwegian Rats), Itachi Rats (White and Weasel, Ferry) and negative mice. In the middle of this century, it was set as the last deadline for completing the task.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The Norwegian rats boarded European ships at the end of the 18th century and quickly spread to New Zealand.
"Predator Free 2050 LTD" is a public institution. It is established to introduce government and private funds into local projects to test the root era strategy.
Among them, the most ambitious is the "Predator Freewelllington". In a city with a population of 200,000, its goal is to eliminate a series of harmful animals, especially mice breeding in the urban environment.A camera is also installed in hot areas. "If any mouse appears, my planned team knows where they need to use resources." Said Jameswillcox, the head of the predatory organization.
Each mouse found to be found was sent to the laboratory for autopsy. This is important because anticoagulants will slowly kill the target in design. Mouse is a smart social animal, and they will learn to avoid those things that obviously hurt them.
When a poisonous mouse died away from the bait box, Wellington had no predator tissue to perform autopsy to monitor the effect.
"We cut them and see if they were killed by toxins." Wil curds explained. "We still need to understand whether it is male or female. Have we been breeding recently? Are we hunting a mouse or a group of mice?"
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
In New Zealand, Tuy Bird's cry can only be heard in the ringtone of the phone in most cases. Now this sound is everywhere.
Mirama has always been the forefront of the city against predators. Today, mice are rare on this peninsula, and many local birds are back. In Wellington, the number of Tuy Bird was reduced to only a few pairs in 1990, but now their unique calls are everywhere.
"In our back garden, Tuy Bird has always been flying." Paul Hay, who had lived in Milama for a long time, said. "Birds are absolutely rapidly reproduced, especially in the past five years."
The efforts of the city are beneficial to the early conservation concepts created by Wellington: anti -predator fence.
In 1999, the world's first urban ecological reserves were open to a miles away from the city center. It is now known as Zealandia and is protected by 8 kilometers long fence. Tourists' luggage must be checked and must pass a double -door barrier similar to air gates.
Image adding text,
The Tiss Dia Ecological Reserve attaches great importance to biological safety.
Behind such strict biological safety measures, the rare birds have not only survived, but also spread to the nearby community.
Now there are dozens of fence -type protected areas throughout New Zealand. The biggest is Brook, covering nearly 700 hectares, three times larger than Diabora Dia, Nelson on the South Island.
One year after the predator fence was erected in 2016, the harmful species in the region were completely cleared. The current challenge is to ensure that there are no new harmful species entering.
Maintaining vigilant at all times. A mouse may be unexpectedly in it by a rapto; a tree may overwhelm the fence and let the weasel go in.
Any damage to the fence will trigger its alarm system. Nick Robson, the operating manager of Brook, said: "If the alarm sounds in the middle of the night, one of us will go and see."
The camera reminds staff to pay attention to any invasion. But the final detection tool and the biggest enemy of predators are the best friends of human beings. "After special training, the dog can find some harmful species and ignore other species." Robson said. "It may be that dogs can detect mice, but our equipment cannot."
Image adding text,
The Brook Reserve can rely on Macca and Elmo to smell predator.
Preventing harmful species from invasion is a matter worthy of attention, especially for offshore islands. Rakura Island (Stuart Island) is the largest island, which is 25 kilometers away from mainland New Zealand. Although there are mice on the island, there are no Itachi rats. This relatively isolated environment allows rare birds to build nests here, and conservatives are trying to protect it.
Detective dog "Gadget" is a "net red" dog. She has her own Facebook page: You can follow her, because she will check whether the immigrant ships carry rodents to smuggle passengers.
Over the past 20 years, the volunteer organization "Stuart Island/Rakilla Community and Environmental Trust Fund" (Sircet, "community and environmental trust") has been preventing mouse and other harmful species from destroying the gray inhabitation. Gray is a species built on the ground, which has almost disappeared on the mainland.
"We are sticking to the line of defense." Shona Sangster, the chairman of the volunteer organization, said when checking the trap in the bushes.
For offshore islands that have no predators, strong defense measures are essential. Because mice can swim for half miles (800 meters), it is a long -term struggle for them to stay away from these protected areas and endangered birds they shelter.
Government funds have played a helping role. According to the "Predator Frerakiura" project established in 2050, it provides tools such as professional knowledge, paid services and exquisite automatic reset traps. They can shatter the skull of any nearby mouse, and they need to be rarely maintained -dead mice will fall to the ground, and nature will clean up.
Image adding text,
The automatic reset trap is very suitable for remote protected areas that cannot be checked regularly.
The budget of "Rakilla's non -predator" is far less than Wellington's peers, but local nurses enjoy the popularity of people's dreams in other parts of the country. Community and environmental trust stated that from 2020 to 2021, 261 people paid time for the cause. For an island with only 440 residents, this is a huge mobilization rate.
Last year, the organization issued a mouse catcher to the primary school students and awarded prizes for children with the most, the largest, maximum tooth, and the thicker fur.
Saster said that these young people grew up in a community that attaches great importance to predators. "From the perspective of outsiders, a little unusual thing is part of their daily life."
Community and environmental trusts also advocate responsible pets on the island. Cats are also bird killers, but they are exempted from being destroyed because they are regarded as pets, but they must be sterilized and implanted in micro chips.
Dogs often mistaken for a few vitamin (ostrich) as furry toys, which may also be dangerous. In a training plan provided by the community and environmental trust, a few electronic birds will make slight electric shocks on too friendly dogs and teach them to keep their distance.The feasibility of the entire 2050 plan has always been controversial among environmentalists. James Lynch, the founder of Jereal, has reserved opinions on practicality and cost benefits.
He supports the ultimate goal of eliminating predators. "The problem is that we don't have this toolbox at present." Lin Qi said.
He pointed out that most native birds do not need the environment of zero predators to grow up. He believes that a small number of birds needed can survive on outlying islands or urban reserves. Lin Qi suggested not to try to clear the harmful species of the entire country, but focus on the forest land around the fence to maximize the survival rate of the flying birds.
Image adding text,
Many birds built nests on the side of the Dia -free fence (left), and then flew to the surrounding forests (right).
He said that while developing a thorough elimination of harmful species tools, this concept played a role in Wellington and represents the biggest expectations of the country.
Other people believe that New Zealand, which has no predator at all, is whimsical. Conservation researcher Waynelinklater pointed out that in the past 150 years, every battle launched by New Zealand on rabbits, deer and other harmful species ended in failure.
Links added that the movement of eliminating creative and perceive creatures is not only unreasonable, but also morally wrong. "We mobilized a lot of resources and the enthusiasm of the people, but we implemented extremely cruel behaviors. How can we be so lightly written about pain?"
Clearing the action of social evil forces, large -scale mobilization and slogans reminded Linklet with religious fanaticism. He said that the non -predator movement "depends on the demonization of a species and fights with the species so that you can kill it."
In addition, humans, the most aggressive mammalian predator and systemic destroyer of the habitat, what qualifications to comprehensively declare war on it?
Links suggested that instead of setting the national goals that cannot be achieved, it is better to let the community determine the goal of its own biodiversity. Auckland residents can tolerate some mice and negative mice, while residents on Stuart is may prioritize their vitamin birds and gray.
Image adding text,
The islands near Rakilla are protected by traps and poisons, so as not to be invaded again.
However, Jamesrussell, a biologist who provided a large number of scientific support for 2050, believes that the localization strategy is meaningless. He shrugged and said, "This is a model without ambition and everything."
He continued to say that some places were wrong to save birds: it needs permanent investment to prevent predators from returning. It is expensive to completely eradicate, but "you pay once and then finish."
Russell admits that no one knows how to complete this work yet. But since the 1960s, the prevention and control technology of harmful species has made great progress. Therefore, who knows what kind of results can the continuous investment achieve in the next 27 years?
As for moral opposition, there is no fixed answer. This depends on how individuals and society weigh the complex arguments. Russell said the New Zealanders collectively decided to sacrifice some species to save other species correct.
Indeed, now the sound of opposition to eradication has weakened, and people are enthusiastic.
Back to the Mirama Peninsula, Dan Kupu looked forward to the day when he and his mouse catcher could finally retire.
"You have a choice, either work forever, or you make a big investment in advance, grab the last 0.5%mouse, and then you don't need to work anymore." He said.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66028565 
Teaching by Qin Gang? New Zealand Foreign Minister: Face Discussion 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T09:55:00Z
Description: Australian media reported that when New Zealand Foreign Minister Malhota talked with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang during his visit to China in March this year, he received the latter's "long -term lesson". Malhota responded that it was a "straightforward" discussion.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['新西兰']
Keywords: ['新西兰', '秦刚', '外长', '希普金斯', '访华', '战狼外交']
Id: 66042442
Malhota met in Beijing (March 24, 2023)
(Voice of Germany Chinese) New Zealand Foreign Minister Nanaiamahuta said on Tuesday (month 27) that she had a "straightforward and powerful" discussion with Chinese foreign minister Qin Gang earlier. It was a senior management of the two government governments during the preparation of New Zealand Prime Minister's visit to China.
According to the "Australian News" previously quoted people familiar with the matter, Malhota visited Beijing in March this year meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang During the period, he was taught by "the teachings of the long story" and "the instructions of the toe", which reflects the tension between New Zealand and its largest trading partner China.
People familiar with the matter revealed that the New Zealand female foreign minister was "taught for an hour" by Qin Gang, but Malhota did not show weakness, but refuted Qin Gang's "War Wolf" statement.
"What I want to say is that the way China expresses its interests is very confident." Malhota herself told media reporters on Tuesday that she described her meeting with Qin Gang as "very straightforward." She said: "We can get the fact that the invitation to visit China for the Prime Minister reflects the nature of the (two countries) relationship and reflects the maturity of this relationship. access."
Malhota did not explain the topic discussed during the meeting in this week's interview.
However, in an interview with Qin Gang after meeting with Qin Gang that she mentioned to the Chinese side the "challenging issue", including human rights issues and concerns about the situation in Taiwan. Malhota said that she discussed with the other party's human rights issues, Hong Kong's freedom, and China's influence in the Pacific region: "We have a lot of places to reach consensus. We also discussed some challenging issues. In those opinions An inconsistent place, such as human rights issues, discussed. "
New Zealand Prime Minister Hipkins (Data Map): Do not agree to call Xi Jinping as "dictatorship"
When Prime Minister visits China 
New Zealand Prime Minister Chrishipkins arrived in China on Monday for visit. On Tuesday, he attended the event of the Fourteenth New Leader of the World Economic Forum (the Summer Davos Forum) at the World Economic Forum. Later that day, he would meet with Chinese leaders Xi Jinping. In addition, Hipkins will also meet with Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang and Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Zhao Leji.
Before the visit, Hipkins was response In the remarks of the US President Biden, Xi Jinping said that he did not agree with this statement. "The form of Chinese government is a matter of the Chinese people," he told reporters.
New Zealand has always adopted a more gentle attitude towards security partners than neighboring Australia or other five -eye alliances. During the epidemic, China and New Zealand signed an upgraded version of the Free Trade Agreement (FTA). In November last year, Jacindaardern, the former Prime Minister of Hipkins, met with Xi Jinjin. Chinese leaders also mentioned New Zealand in New Zealand. Independent foreign policy.
The members of the New Zealand delegation who visited Hipkins included the representatives of some large companies in the country. At a regular press conference of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs on the 27th, spokesman Mao Ning said that China and New Zealand are important partners and are willing to compete with each other. , Promote greater development of relations between the two countries.
(Reuters, Australian News, Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/被秦刚教训？新西兰外长：直面讨论/a-66042442?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Directly hit Summer Davos: Top Ten Emerging Technology in 2023 
Authors: ['杜若萱']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T09:58:32+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T05:53:99+08:00
Description: The Tianjin Summer Davos Forum released the "Top Ten Emerging Technology Reports of the 2023", which lists the top ten technologies that have the most potential potential on the world, such as flexible batteries, generating artificial intelligence, and so on.
Images: [" 000185725_pic... "]
Themes: ['夏季达沃斯', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '人工智能', '电池', '科技']
Type: Article
 On June 27, 2023, at the Tianjin Summer Davos Forum, the World Economic Forum announced its annual breakthrough technology list and released the "Top Ten Emerging Technology Report 2023". The report lists the top ten technologies that have the most potential potential on the world, namely flexible batteries, generated artificial intelligence and sustainable aviation fuel, engineering phage, Yuan universe that improves mental health, wearable plant sensors, space organizational science , Flexible neuroscience, sustainable calculation, artificial intelligence -assisted medical treatment. Jeremyjurgens, executive director of the World Economic Forum and head of the Fourth Industrial Revolution Center, said that "Top Ten emerging technologies will subvert industries, promote economic growth, improve life, and protect the earth. Of course, these technologies can be responsible for responsibility Ground design, extension and application. "
According to the "Top Ten Emerging Technical Reports of 2023", traditional rigid batteries may soon be outdated, because thin flexible batteries made from bending, folded and stretched light materials are about to enter the market. This new generation of battery technology is expected to reach a market value of US $ 240 million by 2027. It will have application prospects in the fields of medical wearable equipment, biomedical sensors, flexible display and smart watches.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100091 
At the time of the US Airlines' mother -in -law, China pushed China to cooperate with the Vietnamese military 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T10:25:00Z
Description: Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu said in Beijing with Pan Wenjiang, Vietnam's National Defense Minister Pan Wenjiang, that "China and Vietnam should continue to work together and unite together in the new journey of socialism."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['中美关系']
Keywords: ['中越', '李尚福', '潘文江', '中美', '南海冲突', '美国航母']
Id: 66042625
China Defense Secretary Li Shangfu
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) Chinese State Councilor and Minister of Defense Li Shangfu said on Tuesday (June 27) in Beijing with Pan Wenjiang, Vietnam's National Defense Minister in Beijing that China is willing to go with Vietnam to strengthen communication and cooperation between the two armies.
According to a press release issued by the Ministry of National Defense, Li Shangfu emphasized that the current international situation has become chaotic, and the security of the Asia -Pacific region still faces some challenges. "China and Vietnam should continue to work together and unite together in the new socialist journey to safeguard the common strategic interests of the two countries. Make positive contributions to regional peace and stability. "
Li Shangfu told Pan Wenjiang that the relationship between the two armed forces between China and the Vietnam was developing well, and China was willing to promote the relationship between the two and China forces to continue to reach a new level.
Recently, the Chinese measurement ship "Xiangyang Red 10" and the Chinese maritime police ship and fishing boats were activated in the Vietnam exclusive economic zone in the South China Sea for nearly a month.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/越南指责中向阳红10号科考船等船只侵犯其主权/a-65735901)Essence
Meiyue will improve bilateral relations 
In April of this year, US Secretary of State Brosky conducted a lightning visit to Hanoi Essence At the end of March, after the US President Biden and the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, Ruan Fuzhong's phone, Yuefang stated for the first time that he was willing to improve bilateral relations.
Last Sunday, Nuclear Power Carrier of the U.S. Navy "Reagan stopped in Vietnam Port in Vietnam Essence This is the third time that the US aircraft carrier has stopped in Vietnam since the end of the Vietnam War.
The U.S. Navy's visit is when the relationship between China and the United States on the South China Sea issue is tight. The two countries are competing for influence in this rich energy area, and China advocates that most of the sovereignty in the South China Sea.
In the past few weeks, Li Shangfu attended the Security Summit held in Singapore and met with the commander -in -chief of the South African Defense Forces and the Chief of Staff of the Thai Army. Li Shangfu, who was appointed Minister of Defense in March this year, was sanctioned by US sanctions because of the role played from Russia's largest weapon exporters in 2017. China expressed his hope that the United States would cancel sanctions to promote relations. In August last year, Pelosi, Speaker of the House of Representatives, visited Taiwan to anger China, and China canceled three major military communication channels with the United States as revenge.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美航母防越之际-中国力推与越南军方合作/a-66042625?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
BBC survey: there was a Chinese balloon fly over Japan and Taiwan 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T10:43:00Z
Description: According to a joint investigation by the British media with artificial intelligence companies, a balloon from China has passed through Taiwan and Japan in the past. Both the Tokyo and the Taipei military stated that they have been prepared to shoot down the balloon.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '台湾', '日本']
Keywords: ['气球', '飞艇', '监控', '台湾', '日本']
Id: 66042798
Chinese balloon before being shot down(Voice of Germany Chinese website)Following US President Bayeng on Tuesday (June 20) mentioned the balloon incident said Xi Jinping as a dictator After that, British Media BBC published an investigation long article display evidence It is pointed out that the balloon released by China in the past few years has flew over Japan and Taiwan.
The BBC "wide -angle mirror" program (Panorama) cooperated with artificial intelligence company Synthetaic to screen and analyze a large number of images collected by satellites, and found multiple balloons flying over East Asia. One of them flew over the northern Japan around September 2021. The founder of Synthetaic Coreyjaskolski believes that the balloon started in southern Inner Mongolia.
This statement has not been confirmed. Murakami Murakami in the Japanese Ministry of Defense told the BBC that the Japanese government is "taking various planning measures to monitor the relevant conditions daily", which is ready to protect the "life and property of the people in the Japanese territory" and even shot down the balloon.
"Wide -angle Mirror" also evaluated a large number of social media and media reports, and found that the Taiwan Meteorological Department announced two pictures of two balloons flying over Taipei by the end of September 2021. Synthetaic's Isecosky compares these photos with satellite images. He said, "We found that the balloon flew out of the coastline of Taiwan within 90 seconds."
The Taiwanese government told "Wide -angle Mirror" that they believe that it was a weather balloon, but Isecosky did not agree with this statement. He told the BBC, "The diameter of the balloon and the height of the operation seem to be similar to this, it is like the balloon flying over the United States and the sky flying over Japan."
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
Shooting 
A balloon in China fluttered over the United States for a few days. On February 4, the U.S. military shot down in the coastal waters of the South Carolina. The United States has accused China of using balloons for espionage. But China said that this is just an out of control meteorological balloon.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
search 
The shot of balloon fell into the sea a few miles away from the coast of South Carolina. The U.S. Navy and the Coast Guard positioned the areas where the balloon fell, and sent helicopters and ships to sort out the wreckage of balloons in the fall area.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
salvage 
It looks like fishermen are fishing a large jellyfish, but in fact, this is a group member of the US military who is responsible for dealing with explosives. This balloon has a diameter of about 61 meters, and the weight is equivalent to a small passenger aircraft.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
wreckage 
Due to the huge balloon size and uncertainty of its security, the United States eventually decided to shoot down at sea. The water depth of the balloon falling is about 15 meters. The U.S. military is trying to salvage more wreckage in order to more accurately understand the actual use of this flying object.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
tool 
The U.S. military uses special equipment such as underwater drones to search and salvage balloon wreckage. The "Explorer" -class marine measurement ship uses the sound of sound to find the wreckage fragments in the fall area. According to the U.S. military, the search area is about 2.25 square kilometers.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China


In a statement on February 13, the U.S. Northern Command said, "The salvage team found some important wreckage from the balloon fall, including confirming all the main sensors and electronic devices, and the overall structure."
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
upgrade 
After the United States shot down China's suspected spy balloon, the tension between the United States and China further intensified. This time, the Minister of Defense of China had rejected the US Secretary of Defense Austin to discuss matters related to balloons. China claims that the U.S. shot down is an over -reaction and violates international standards. The U.S. Department of Commerce will add 6 entities related to Beijing's suspected spy ball plan to be on the blacklist of exports. In the past few days, the U.S. military has shot down three flying bodies over the Alas California Coast in northwestern United States, Yakong areas in northwestern Canada, and the overhead of the US -Canada border.
Author: Florian Meyer
### Taiwan once refuted the balloon into its leading airspace 
At the beginning of February this year, after the United States shot down the "spy balloon" flying over the time, Mao Ning, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said that "the incident is an accident caused by force majeure" and is an "occasional accident". As there are more Chinese airships and balloon flying through other countries, the official "occasional" saying in Beijing can still be worthy of attention.On February 14, Major General Huang Wenqi, the Second Room of the Ministry of National Defense, said at a routine news meeting that the air balloon appeared around the airspace around the Taiwan Strait, mostly used for meteorological detection. That is, the burst of bursts disappear. He also said, "Most of these balloons are in the sea of Taiwan, not over Taiwan"; "When balloon threatens national security and people's livelihood, it will be dealt with." The goal of weapon force to destroy ".
The Taiwan military responded to the BBC's investigation report on Tuesday (June 27), saying that if the balloon is threatened to threaten the balloon, it will shot down and destroy.
The United States found a suspected scouting balloon from China 
(According to comprehensive reports such as BBC)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/bbc调查：曾有中国气球飞越日本台湾/a-66042798?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Steering for regeneration agriculture is a global trend, and the full value chain is required (Free Version) 
Authors: ['袁漪琳']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T12:40:48+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T08:27:99+08:00
Description: Fan Shenggen, a professor at the Chinese Agricultural University, said that maintaining the "cultivated land red line" and allowing small farmers to benefit from recycled agriculture by using organic fertilizers and other methods are challenges facing Chinese agriculture and land.
Images: [" 000146942_pic... "]
Themes: ['夏季达沃斯', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '粮食安全', '农业科技', '可持续发展', '可持续投资']
Type: Article
 95%of the world's food production relies on soil, but one -third of the world's soil has degraded. Heavy machinery, fertilizer and pesticides used in intensive agriculture will accelerate soil degradation. The World Economic Forum stated that "within 50 years, there may not be enough soil to plant food to support the world."
The focus of regenerative agriculture is to improve soil health. The huge potential of healthy soil to be developed will help reduce emissions, promote the realization of climate and natural goals, improve livelihood and ensure food safety.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100094 
Minister of Economy Germany: Strengthening raw materials cooperation and reducing dependence on China's imports 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T12:45:00Z
Description: The German Federal Economic Minister Habeck said: "Our raw material supply is better diversified is economic security, and more close raw materials cooperation is economic security."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['中欧', '原材料', '经济合作', '原材料进口', '中国', '价值链']
Id: 66045881
German Federal Economic Minister Robert Habeck: Diversified raw material supply is economic security
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Economic Minister of Economic Minister of Germany, France, and Italy said in Berlin on Monday (June 26) that they hoped to cooperate closer to the procurement of key raw materials and reduce Dependence on imports from China Essence
European countries are negotiating on the topic, and ministers of various countries advocate agreeing with the goals of raw materials mining, processing and recycling.
Robert Habeck, the German Federal Economic Minister, said: "Our raw material supply is better diversified is economic security, and more close raw materials cooperation is economic security."
To prevent potential crisis EU formulating plans to promote the diversification of rare earth supply chain 
Lithium, cobalt and silicon and other materials are essential among high -tech products and are the key to the group's green and digital transformation.
French Economic Minister, Bruno Le Maire, said that countries will discuss future joint storage and joint procurement.
Adolfo Urso, the Italian Economic Minister, said: "Italy, Germany, and France constitute an important part of the EU economy and share the value chain in many aspects."
In addition, they believe that they should be reinstated and recovered, but long -term environment and social standards should also be formulated.
The Economic Minister plans to hold further talks on digital technology in Rome, and hold further talks about green technology in Paris.
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德法意经济部长：加强原材料合作，减少对中国进口依赖/a-66045881?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The number of people who moved to Germany in 2022 set a historical record 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T13:51:00Z
Description: After Russia invaded Ukraine, 1.1 million Ukrainian refugees have so far visited Germany for asylum, which led to the unprecedented level of immigrants to Germany last year. The number of German citizens moved to other countries has also increased.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '欧洲难民危机', '移民难民', '融入社会', '德国', '科隆', '留学德国', '留学德国']
Keywords: ['移民', '乌克兰战争', '难民', '德国', '统计局', '迁移']
Id: 66046490
The Ukrainian war forced 1.1 million Ukrainian refugees to go to Germany to seek asylum
(Voice of Germany) The German Federal Bureau of Statistics (Destatis) said in a report released on Tuesday (June 27) that the number of people who moved to Germany in 2022 was higher than before any previous year.
In this year, about 2.67 million people in Germany moved to Germany, 1.2 million people left Germany and moved to other countries, with a net increase of 1.46 million.
The Federal Statistics Bureau of Germany stated that the Ukrainian war forced 1.1 million Ukrainian refugees to go to Germany to seek asylum This is the main reason for the influx of refugees.
In contrast, the number of people who moved to Germany in 2021 was 1.32 million, and the number of people who left Germany and moved to other countries was 994,000.
Where does German immigrants come from? 
Most Ukrainians who entered Germany arrived from March to May 2022, that is, Russia launched a comprehensive invasion. Since August, this number has continued to decline.
In 2022, the number of people from Syria, Afghanistan and Turkey also increased compared to the previous year.
Is there a dual standard on the problem of refugee? 
At the same time, the number of people from other EU countries also increased slightly, an increase of 87,000, while the net increase of 81,000 in 2021.
The major EU countries of German immigrants are Romania, Poland and Bulgaria.
New "Green Card", do you want to apply? 
Germans are also migrating 
In 2022, the number of German citizens moved to other countries also increased. 83,000 people left, compared with 64,000 in 2021.
The main destinations of German immigrants are Switzerland, Austria and the United States.
In Germany, data showed that more than 1 million people were flowing between 16 federal states.
The population of Baden-Fuetteburg, the capital of Berlin and southwest, has the largest loss of population, about 10,000 people. Among them, Brandenburg, which surrounds Berlin, is the main winner of domestic immigrants.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Albal Einstein 
Without him and his theory of relativity, our awareness of the universe will be very different. When Nazi came to power in 1933, Einstein was in the United States. As a Jewish peaceistist, he would live his life in Germany. Therefore, he gave up German nationality and officially immigrated to the United States.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Henry Kissinger 
He is an expert in Harvard, former Secretary of State of the United States and a world -renowned international relations expert. In 1938, in order to avoid the Nazi persecution, Kissinger left his hometown of Bavaria, Germany. During World War II, he fought with his German compatriots as a US soldier, but despite this, Kissinger often said that part of his part is always German.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
尔 马 马 
The family of the Czech Republic Madea Orbrete experienced two escapes: the first time was after the Nazi occupation of Prague in 1938 to London. Essence In 1997, Olbatt became the first female Secretary of State in American history.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
m.i.a. 
Her real name is Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam, but fans obviously prefer her for short M.I.A. As a child, she fled to the United Kingdom as a Sri Lanka refugee to India. In an interview, she said: "At the beginning, I always told people that I came from Terrineda so that I didn't want to talk about Sri Lanka and the war there. At that time, I didn't mean that I was a refugee."
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Miriamum Makoba 
South African female singer Miliamum Markaba, fans also called it "African mother". During her tour in the United States, the South African authorities issued a restrictions on prohibiting her from returning from home. In 1967, her "Patapata" sang the whole world. After years of exile in Guinea and Belgium, in 1990, Marka returned to South Africa at the invitation of President Mandela.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Freddi Moqili 
After the revolution in East Africa Sang to Balt Island, his parents fled to London with the young Fredi. Later stories were well known that Freddiemercury became the lead singer of the queen band. After the rock superstar died in AIDS, it also inspired the international community's attention to AIDS issues.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Thomas Man 
He was regarded as one of the greatest writers of the 20th century. At the rise of the Nazi movement, Thomas Man described this as "the frenzy of barbaric behaviors." In 1933, he immigrated to Switzerland and immigrated to the United States in 1939. In 1938, as an exile, Thomas Man called: "Where do I, where is Germany? I have a German culture on my body."
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Isabelian Aliande 
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
sitting cow 
Indian Chief Tatanka Iyotake)It is also known as sitting cows and has a period of exile. In 1877, after fighting the famous small big horns with the U.S. military, he led two thousand people to flee to Canada. In 1881, he returned to the United States to surrender to the authorities. After serving his sentence, he spent the rest of his life in an Indian reservation.
Author: Dagmar Breitenbach, Martin Muno
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/2022年移居德国人数创下历史记录/a-66046490?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
What is the "serious political issue book" of the former director of the Beijing State SASAC? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T14:16:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T09:21:16-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Data photo: Zhang Guilin, the original director of the SASAC of Beijing Municipal Government Screenshot of Baidu Encyclopedia Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/Zhengzhi/jw-06272023105523.html/@stream After seven months of "disciplinary violations" investigation, Zhang Guilin, the former director of the Beijing State SASAC, was officially announced "Double Kai". However, in his charges, a private and reading "book and magazine with serious political issues" is the most prominent and aroused heated discussion on public opinion.
Books and magazines for private collections of senior officials are opened * [The key investigation officials of the Communist Party of China have been forbidden to be punished by Deputy Mayor Anhui Huainan.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/QL-11022020035358.html) ** Hall -level officials reading overseas books was double -opened According to the news of the Beijing Municipal Commission for Discipline Inspection, Zhang Guilin, former director of the State -owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the Beijing Municipal People's Government, was expelled from the party and public office for serious disciplinary violations. Seven months after Zhang Guilin was announced by the disciplinary inspection department in November last year, Zhang Guilin was established and was officially "double -opened."
In the charges of Zhang Guilin, the authorities accused Zhang Guilin, "Books and periodicals with weak political awareness, and public -hidden, reading with serious political issues" ranked first, followed by receiving gifts, consumption cards, and reporting personal matters. Crime crime of bribery such as rights and money transactions. This rare crime of "political issues" has once again triggered heated discussion among public opinion.
In an interview with this station, Lin Shengliang, a Chinese dissident in the Netherlands, analyzed in this interview that in recent years, the sense of crisis of the CCP's firm regime has risen sharply in recent years. Come to political rectification to strictly investigate the loyalty of officials.
"The book must be related to Xi Jinping. When it comes to the ban, it was often a similar book" Xi Jinping and his lover "published by the Causeway Bay Bookstore in Hong Kong at that time. This book has a very large blow to Xi Jinping." The book is also an important weapon for the party's opposition to Xi Jinping. "Now that in the CCP system, the sense of crisis of the regime is getting stronger and stronger, and it has reached the stage of being soldiers."
Zhang Guilin issued by the Communist Party of China Discipline Inspection Commission was expelled from the party and public office (screenshot of the webpage) So, what exactly is the so -called "serious political issue book"? According to Article 45 and 46 of the "Communist Party Disciplinary Regulations", related to the definition of "books and magazines with serious political issues", in addition to publicly publicizing the four basic basic positions of bourgeois liberalization, opposition to four basic items, opposition to four basic items In principle, in addition to the decision -making of the opposition party's reform and opening up, it is obviously more sensitive to discuss the central government's policy, destroy the party's centralized unity, uglown the party and the state image, slander the party and the state leaders, and distorting the party history and the history of the military. The content of illegal party members is also very serious.
Deng Yanwen, the former editor of the "Study Times" of the Central Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, told this station that "books and magazines with serious political issues" are banned, and reading and reading within the party has always been normal.
"In the extreme age of the Cultural Revolution, it is not completely banned, and now it is even more unable to do it." He said, "I violate the party's requirements. I believe that everyone in the party's senior cadres has it. What is going on, but even if the accident happens, it will be charged in the party. "
Deng Yanwen believes that, to some extent, the CCP authorities have currently reached the extreme of the purity and political loyalty of party members and cadres, and the concreteness of party loyalty is to be loyal to Xi Jinping.
Wang Ruiqin, a former member of the Qinghai Provincial Political Consultative Conference, also pointed out that the so -called "private collection, reading books with serious political issues", which is a common phenomenon in this generation of young cadres who enjoy the dividends of reform and opening up. She believes that the crime of economic is large or small, but once it rises to political loyalty, there is basically no room for rotation. Therefore, this political charges are likely to be an important tool used in the party's struggle to clean up the dissidents, and it will also cause the "cold cicada" effect among other party members and cadres.
According to the report from the Communist Party of China, it is very popular. In 2018, when the original deputy governor of Guizhou was "double -opened", similar charges also appeared; in the case of Sun Zhengcai, the former secretary of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee, Wu Dehua, the former member of the former member of the Yubei District District Committee involved in the case Watch "books and magazines with serious political issues."
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: He Ping.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/jw-06272023105523.html 
Sample executives were suspected of stealing commercial secrets for Foxconn, Samsung executives were prosecuted 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T14:25:00Z
Description: A former Samsung executive was prosecuted for Foxconn's stealing commercial secrets for Foxconn in China. The exposed details include digging talents. The defendant's lawyer refuted the allegations and believed that the defendant was a scapegoat that South Korea was involved in the competition between China and the United States.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['富士康', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '新加坡', '智能手机']
Keywords: ['三星', '富士康', '西安', '新加坡', '芯片']
Id: 66047085
South Korean President Yin Xiyue said that the tense situation in the United States and China pushed the competition of the chip industry to the "comprehensive war"
(Voice of Germany) According to a prosecution from the South Korean Procuratorate obtained by Reuters, a former Samsung executive was accused of stealing the company's business secrets for Foxconn. According to this 18 -page prosecution, Choijinseog signed a contract with Foxconn in 2018. Since then, he sneaked into the employer's supply network to steal confidential information and provides them to new customers to help in China in China Establish a chip factory.
Earlier, the South Korean Procuratorate announced on June 12th However, the details of the case were not announced, and Cui Jinxi's name was not mentioned, but it attracted media attention.
The indictment stated that the act of theft of commercial secrets caused more than $ 200 million in losses. The document describes the details of Cui Jinxi's stealing Samsung commercial secrets and the construction of the factory plan.
It is reported that Cui Jinxi was arrested at the end of May this year and has been detained so far. He denied all allegations through lawyers.
The indictment wrote that Cui Jinxi passed the semiconductor consulting company in Singapore. After signed a contract with Foxconn in 2018, he dug a large number of employees from Samsung, and illegally obtained confidential information from the construction of the semiconductor clean room management from two contractors. Samsung established a chip factory in Xi'an in 2012, and both companies participated in the construction of the Samsung China plant.
Cui Jinxi's lawyer denied these allegations that the information obtained had nothing to do with how to design or manufacture chips.
For example, how to build a semiconductor clean room has an open international standard, which is not a unique thing for Samsung. He said that Cui Jinxi was just a scapegoat that South Korea was involved in the competition between China and the United States. Not long ago, South Korean President Yin Xiyue said that the tension situation in the United States and China brought the competition of the chip industry push to the "comprehensive war" Essence
Foxconn ended the contract with Cui Jinxi consulting company in 2019, and the plan of the semiconductor factory stopped. The indictment did not mention any improper behavior of Foxconn. In a statement, the company said that the guessing of this Korean judicial dispute case was not ends because the investigation was not over and it was inconvenient to comment, "we comply with local laws and regulations." Samsung, the world's number one storage chip manufacturer, is also reluctant to comment on the case. According to Reuters, the trial of the Cui Jinxi case will begin on July 12.
What is the future of the chip industry? 
(Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/涉嫌为富士康窃取商业机密-前三星高管被起诉/a-66047085?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
German media: Putin is in danger in China and is worried about China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T14:47:00Z
Description: "New Zurich" analysis believes that although the Wagner Group's motion allowed the CCP to see that Putin's position in Russia is fragile, Beijing will still secretly support Putin. The Frankfurt Report pointed out that the signal of China's foreign policy is: China cannot afford it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '专题报道：习近平访美', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团', '德语媒体', '毛泽东']
Keywords: ['普京', '俄罗斯', '瓦格纳集团', '乌克兰战争', '外交', '对华政策', '习近平', '德语媒体']
Id: 66047414
Xi Jinping visited Moscow and Putin in March 2023
(Voice of Germany Chinese) published an analysis article in Switzerland's "New Zurich", arguing that Wagner Group's mutiny has caused China to worry about Russia's unstable. The article pointed out that after the military change occurred, the official Chinese media did not report as soon as possible, showing the tension of Beijing leaders.
"The event that happened on the weekend relentlessly revealed the vulnerability of Russian President Putin's status, which undoubtedly sounded the alarm to Chinese leaders. If the Putin's system was shaken or even collapsed, it may bring unpredictable consequences to China.
Russia and China have nearly 4,300 kilometers. If a civil war occurs in Russia, it may inevitably bring unstable to the border area. The last time the Sino -Russian army was 54 years old. The latest boundary treaty was signed in the late 1990s. If China is involved in a military conflict, it will have an inestimable consequences of its economic development.
Faced with a weakened and even seizure of Russia President, China will lose an important ally in the attempts of the US hegemony. China will fall into the loser's camp again, and its image of a responsible power that is trying to build a peaceful maintenance will be damaged. Since the beginning of the war in February last year, China has never been in a difficult situation like it is now. "
The article is reviewing the low -key in Beijing's low -key on Wagner's mutiny. Official response After writing:
"For the Chinese government, the turbulence of Russia happened. According to Western military experts who had close contact with the Chinese military, Beijing was Russia has no effect in Ukraine Very frustrated. The violent resistance of Ukraine, the weakness of Russia, and the unable to win Kiev, all surprised the Chinese government. In addition, Beijing has not expected that the West will be so united in response to Russia's aggression.
Wagner Anti -Water Russian Media 
The consensus within the Beijing government is that the war will continue for a long time, and the peace solutions are still out of reach. It is confirmed that a few weeks ago, the Chinese envoy Li Hui went to many European countries, including Ukraine, to mediate, and it returned without fruit.
As a result, the Chinese government tried to push the Ukrainian war issue to the background at the public relations level, while looking for the possibility of continuing to support Russia's president behind the scenes. This will further increase Russia's dependence on this powerful neighbor. "
China can't afford it? 
The "Frankfurt Report" commented to explore the contradictions and dilemma of Germany's policy on China, and pointed out that one of the characteristics of German foreign policy is "avoiding radical voices", which is in line with the minds of Chinese leadership. The article wrote:
"A message that Chinese leadership has spread for many years is: China's rise is an unstoppable process of a world -renowned power. Among them, there is such a layer of words: that is, any country wants to live with the emerging countries in this world. It is not worth it. If a message is repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly, and the voices against domestic opposition are suppressed, then one day the world believes that China is indeed like this.
The Chinese leadership headed by Xi Jinping is working hard for this goal. It is for this reason that the Beijing diplomatic community is taken for granted to give scores to the political positions of governments (to China). If a state government dares to say a friendly to democratic island nations in Taiwan, then China will express great 'dissatisfaction', and this will be accused of interfere with internal affairs and unacceptable. However, governments in other countries can also interpret Chinese criticism as interference in the internal affairs, and Beijing does not care about this. First of all, the government of the democratic country rarely does this. "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：普京岌岌可危-中国很担心/a-66047414?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Chairman of the Military Commission of the United States Council led 9 people to visit Taiwan to see Tsai Ing -wen 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T22:54:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T23:06:26-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Mikerogers, chairman of the US House of Representatives Military Commission (5th right), led a delegation to visit Taiwan on the 27th. The deputy director of the North American Division of Taiwan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ma Boyuan (5th from left), took over. Taiwan Foreign Ministry provided
On the occasion of the delay of the US military's purchase of goods in Taiwan, the Chairman of the Military Commission of the Federal House of Representatives and the Republican Party Mikerogers led a total of 9 people to visit Taiwan on the evening of the 27th to meet with Cai Yingwen. The Taiwan Foreign Affairs Department said that this is the largest US Congress in recent years, and will exchange opinions on issues such as Taiwan -US relations and regional situations.
The Rogers visited the delegation took the U.S. administrative plane to Taiwan, and the deputy director of the North American Department of Taiwan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ma Boyuan, took over. Foreign Minister Wu Zhaozheng will have a welcome banquet, and it is expected to stay until the 29th.
According to a press release issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the members of the same regiment include the Military Commission Democratic Chief Member of the Democratic Party, Adam Smith, the Chief Member of the Democratic Party of the Military Commission, Joecourtney, and the chief of Democratic Party of the Military Commission of the Military Commission. (John Garamenti), Federal Representative Jilltokuda, Federal Representative David Rouzer, Federal Representative Gary Palmer, Federal Councilor Jamesmoylan, and Federal Representative Cory Mills) et al.
The Taiwan Foreign Ministry said that this is the first time in recent years with the chairman of the Federal Council Military Commission and chief member of the Council to visit Taiwan. The members cover the two -party leader of the committee and the important groups of their subordinates. The leader of the head of Rogers, a friend of the head, and Smith, are members of the "Taiwan connection" of the House of Representatives, and continued to support various initiatives in strengthening the US security relations.
The Foreign Ministry of the Taiwan Foreign Affairs believes that when the global and regional security situation is threatened by the expansion of authoritarian authority, and the status quo of the picture face of China's continuous enterprise changes, the leaders of the military, diplomacy, funding and other committees of the United States Congress have successively organized a delegation to visit the Taiwan to visit Taiwan, showing that the right is right The firm support of Taiwan's cross -party faction attaches great importance and commitment to the peace and stability of the Indo -Pacific region.
The House of Representatives of the United States Congress recently reviewed the "2024 Fiscal Defense AuthorizationAct (NDAA). The draft of the Military Commission pointed out that Taiwan is currently facing the issue of the delivery period of US military sales too long. Essence
In April this year, the US House of Representatives Military Commission held a hearing on Indo -Pacific Security. At the meeting, Rogers pointed out that the Chinese authorities have tripled military budgets in the past decade, and China has also actively conducted military expansion and modernization. But in comparison, the ambition of Chinese leaders Xi Jinping made him even more worry.
Reporter Xia Xiaohua Editor Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/st1-06272023225351.html 
Can you pass a test about Asia? (Free version) 
Authors: ['嘉南•加内什']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T23:17:13+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T19:13:99+08:00
Description: Garnesh: The ignorance of Asia is the biggest loophole in Western education. Is the West who knows so little about Asia is wise in strategic?
Images: []
Themes: ['观点', '教育', '关注']
Keywords: ['教育', '亚洲']
Type: Article
Can you tell the four dynasties of China? Can you arrange them in order of time? In India, which two languages have the most native language users? What is the significance of 1868 in Japanese history? What is Indonesia's second largest popular religion?
Well, it is more difficult now. Which country does Southeast Asia have not been colonized by Europeans? Renchen War(ImjinWar)It may be the largest war on the earth in the 16th century. Which countries have participated in war? Before searching for your knowledge reserves, how many words can you write to describe the life of the Buddha? Or the life of Confucius? Can you write a paragraph? What is the name of the former?
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100095 
The decline of the yen triggered government intervention speculation 
Authors: ['利奥•刘易斯', '玛丽•麦克杜格尔']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T23:22:37+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T19:19:99+08:00
Description: The Japanese Minister of Finance, Suzuki, is called that the authorities are focusing on the market trend "with a strong sense of urgency" and will "make appropriate reactions" when they fall too much.
Images: [" 000157996_pic... "]
Themes: ['日元', '关注']
Keywords: ['日元', '日本央行', '日本经济', '日本商业和金融']
Type: Article
 The sharp depreciation of the yen is caused by investors to speculate that the Japanese authorities are in the "Summer Sequel" in preparation of large -scale market intervention to support the yen.
Japanese Financial Minister Suzuki Shunichi(Seeds of Suzuki)It is said on Tuesday that the authorities are focusing on the market trend "with a strong sense of urgency" and will "make appropriate reactions" under the circumstances of too much decline.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100096 
Electric vehicle startup LordStown applied for bankruptcy and sued Foxconn 
Author: Sean McLain
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T23:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T23:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T06:10:00.000Z
Description: LordStown Motors announced the application for bankruptcy earlier on Tuesday. The electric truck startup was sought after by investors in the Spac boom and praised by former President Trump as the savior of a universal car factory closed in Ohio.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Lordstown Motors(RIDE)Earlier on Tuesday, it was announced to apply for bankruptcy. This electric truck startup was sought after by investors in the SPAC boom, and was praised by former President Trump as a closed universal car closed in Ohio.(General Motors, GM)Savior of the factory.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E5%8D%A1%E8%BD%A6%E5%88%9D%E5%88%9B%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8lordstown-motors%E7%94%B3%E8%AF%B7%E7%A0%B4%E4%BA%A7%E4%BF%9D%E6%8A%A4-%E5%B9%B6%E8%B5%B7%E8%AF%89%E5%AF%8C%E5%A3%AB%E5%BA%B7-a64a398 
U.S. economic data is better than expected to encourage Nikkei to rise by more than 2% 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T-15:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T07:20:08+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 28th) Because investors are optimistic about US economic data better than expected, at the same time, the depreciation of the yen has also stimulated buying. The Tokyo stock market has closed sharply today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that the Japanese stocks 225 index closed up 655.66 points or 2.02%to 33193.99 points. The Dongzhi stock price index closed up 44.79 points or 1.99%to 2298.60 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230628-%E5%8F%97%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE%E4%BC%98%E4%BA%8E%E9%A2%84%E6%9C%9F%E9%BC%93%E5%8A%B1-%E6%97%A5%E7%BB%8F%E6%94%B6%E6%B6%A8%E9%80%BE2 
The AI is ramming technology circle, saying that a minority company should not be dominated by a minority company 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T-6:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Toronto, 27th) After a few months after the launch of ChatGPT, the stunning chat robot, the revolution set off by artificial intelligence (AI) is still continuing, but the signs of AI must be used carefully. Let one or two companies be paid more attention to this point.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 OPENAI, a developer headquartered in San Francisco, previously published an application that can write and write poetry. The time point is exactly the time for the technology industry, because at that time, there were thousands The new creation industry is facing the cold winter of financing.
However, during the 3 -day meeting of the Collision of the North American Science and Technology Conference in Toronto in Canada, many start -up companies and their supporters heard the doubts about AI from all walks of life.
Amazon Cloud Computing Services (AWS) is the world's largest cloud service company, which is expected to gain huge gains in this wave of AI. AWS CEO, Adamselipsky, said: "In a 10 -kilometer game, we ran about 3 steps ... But the question is, where do these runners go? Contest?"
Microsoft invested billions of dollars in OPENAI, which triggered a military background in the technology industry about AI. Google also strengthened the power to publish AI products and prompted various technology companies to quickly launch new features.
Radical Ventures was invested in the AI field. The company's co -founder Jordanjacobs said: "Like many things, we think that AI is over -hyped in a short time, but in the long run, it is being being caused underestimated."
Jocobes said, "But the difference between AI is that once it is deployed, it will become better and better," which means that the second -ranked company is really unfavorable.
He mentioned that when personal computers and smart phones appeared, the situation was not the case.
The benefit of being the first to come out seems to make OPENAI and its powerful supporters Microsoft's dominant position.
However, AWS's Selipuski and others warned that not to put the chips in the same large company, especially AI is a technology that requires a lot of data and computing power.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%BC%A4%E7%BA%B7%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C/20230628-ai%E6%AD%A3%E5%A4%AF-%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80%E5%9C%88%E7%A7%B0%E4%B8%8D%E8%AF%A5%E8%AE%A9%E5%B0%91%E6%95%B0%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8%E7%8B%AC%E9%9C%B8 
The Burmese Army Air strikes the village 10 deaths 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T0:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:05:04+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Bangkok, 28th) According to the local reports and the media today, the Myanmar military strikes a village, causing 10 civilians to die.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to a warrior in the village against the military coup the previous year, a military aircraft yesterday afternoon in Sagaing, Nyaungkone, to cast 3 bombs, causing 10 deaths and 8 injuries, 11 houses were destroyed, and incidents were destroyed. There is no battle now.
BBC Burmese and other Myanmar media also reported the air strikes, and some media claimed that the number of deaths was 9.
The picture released by the Burmese media shows that the public is busy pouring the rubble and ashes in the burn, and a large building has become ruins. Agence France -Presse Digital check reporters confirmed that these are not old pictures.
After the coup in Myanmar in 2021, there was a battle in a large area of the territory. In addition to the minority rebels, the military government also had dozens of newly established "PEOPLE's DefenceForces" nationwide.
Human rights groups have accused the Myanmar military in private execution and many villages in Yiping, and air strikes are also used as a means of collective punishment.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E7%BC%85%E5%86%9B%E7%A9%BA%E8%A2%AD%E6%9D%91%E5%BA%84-10%E6%AD%BB 
"Driven Export of Domestic Democracy" -The FREE Version (Free Version) of foreign car parts industry 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T00:31:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T20:49:99+08:00
Description: Li Hanming: Although China has just taken advantage of the new energy vehicles to surpass Germany to become the second in the world of vehicle exports, but China has been in the world's first throne for more than ten years in the export of automobile parts.
Images: [" 000180294_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['汽车业', '外贸', '中国经济']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
[Editor's note] With the continuous development of China's local capital, China's situation in foreign investment has also changed. China's local capital is gradually forming its own multinational brands, and this brand effect has begun to achieve results in stable exports and foreign trade performance. To this end, FT Chinese Network recently organized the "Road to China's Foreign Trade Transformation" topic. In the next series of articles, we will tell how representative companies in different provinces in China will form their own multinational brands in different segments in different segments. Essence Edit, contact Yan MAN.YAN@ftchinese.com. 
In the previous article, we talked about the characteristics of the high value density of electronic products, making it often prefer air transport without having to set up factories along the coast. Today we come to the other hand and talk about some low -value density products.
Unlike electronic products, one kilograms can achieve tens of thousands of yuan. Car is a very typical product with low value density, which is not cost -effective to transport. A car generally weighs about 2 tons. Even a luxury car worth 1 million is only 500 yuan per kilogram. At the same time, because the car must be used for people in the car and the wind resistance is reduced outside, the car is naturally not like an electronic product, and it cannot make full use of the ship space. At the same time, car single -piece products are very heavy, and it is difficult to move from people or forklifts to move off the container like other products -therefore, car transportation often needs to use dedicated rolling ships and car docks (drove the car directly from the pier to drive from the pier. Lower deck), and cannot use the existing mature container transportation system.
Therefore, in the vehicle, the car brand has a strong local production motivation: whenever the demand of a certain market reaches a certain scale, car manufacturers hope to reduce the cost of vehicle transportation through multi -point dispersing production. However, there is a problem with multi -point scattered production -although the transportation cost is reduced, it has reduced the output of a single factory and cannot exert the scale effect, but the production cost increases.
The idea of the automotive industry for this problem is to "turn it into zero" -the automotive factory is divided into "OEMs" (responsible for assembling parts into vehicles) and parts factories. In this mode, the OEM has only left three major workshops (responsible for stamping the steel into a stamping workshop in the shape of the body, the spraying workshop responsible for the paint, and the assembly workshop responsible for assembling parts on the body), other other installations), other parts), other parts), other parts), other room All things are given to parts factories (to a certain extent, steel and paint can be regarded as "components"). The efficiency of this model is very significant -unlike the vehicle, the shape of the components is often much more than four or four, so it can be transported by large -scale containers.
On the style of the car. This standardization enables the scale effect to maximize its power, which greatly reduces the cost of automobile production.
Therefore, the car manufacturer's factories and component factories have different paths that follow -the vehicle manufacturers must consider geographical location factors, while component factories pay more attention to the local business environment In order to expand the scale as much as possible to reduce production costs by using scale effects. Until now, many countries have only vehicle factories, no parts factories or only a small number of parts factories.
China in the 1980s was similar. At that time, many foreign -funded enterprises entered China to build a joint venture hosting plant to start production from the model of CKD (Completely Knockeddown, full -scattered parts) -that is, all components were imported from overseas, and the mainstay in China is only responsible for the final assembly process.
However, in the process of dealing with us, foreign companies realized that localization of parts and components is absolutely favorable. On the one hand, China has a technical team that has been proved by the entire vehicle factory. In the small domestic demand market, there is no problem with building a parts factory at all. At the same time, foreign companies also felt a sense of crisis -if I was not produced in the country, then local car parts suppliers had dug the walls of the joint venture OEM, and this business had to be done. Therefore, in the 1990s, foreign car parts giants collectively entered China and opened a component factory in China. So far, Shanghai is still a joint development town of auto parts giants around the world.
At the beginning, the supply of these components was mainly based on the local supply of domestic vehicle manufacturers. Here you need to mention a background with readers -in the 1980s and 1990s, many foreign brands considered that the consumption power of the Chinese market was not so strong, and often adopted the "move the production line of overseas delisting models to China to continue production". The mode of mode is used to reduce costs by using the secondary use of the product cycle. In this context, Chinese models often lag behind overseas. The new generation of overseas models does not require many components of the old models, and the export of parts will naturally be unable to talk about it.
Beginning in the 00s, as foreign vehicle manufacturers gradually changed from "wrong introduction" to "contemporary introduction", cars sold in Chinese and foreign markets have also become consistent in the needs of parts and components, solving the "components". This biggest problem restricting parts of parts. At the same time, China joined the WTO in 2001, eliminating many policy obstacles to exports of automobile parts.
Therefore, since 2005, China's parts industry has entered a rising fast lane -the demand for fast -growing domestic vehicle demand to increase the demand for parts; the high demand for components allows domestic markets to bear more equipment investment , Reduce the production cost of domestic parts and component manufacturers; lower production costs make the export favorable; the export demand to China further expands the scale Competitiveness……
In this way, the production, sales and exports of Chinese automobile parts have risen. According to the "China Automobile Trade High -quality Development Report (2019)" released by the Ministry of Commerce in 2019 (http://images.mofcom.gov.cn/wms/201912/20191230105409100.pdf), Chinese automobile parts enterprises exceed 100,000 Home, including 13,000 enterprises above designated size, the total output value of 2018 has exceeded 40 million yuan, an average annual growth of more than 13%. In 2018, the export amount of Chinese automobile products was US $ 88 billion, a year -on -year increase of 10.1%. Among them, the export value of the entire vehicle was 15.1 billion US dollars (11.0%), and the export amount of parts and components was 72.9 billion US dollars (9.9%), which was equivalent to one -eighth of the components directly exported overseas. From another perspective, the proportion of Chinese automobile parts in global automobile production is about 27%, and the share of global automotive parts exports is 8%.The importance of the Chinese automobile parts industry in the world is even in some unexpected aspects. Beginning in January 2020, Wuhan, a well -known automobile city (and cities around Hubei), was placed for three months because of the new crown. This directly led to the chaos of the global automotive component supply chain in February and March -even the wonders of people who need to use suitcases to load people's meat.
The development of China's automobile parts industry has a profound impact on the development of China's automobile industry. On the one hand, when we discussed the electronic industry before, mentioning that the developed electronic product design and assembly industries in China provided a solid foundation for independent consumer electronics brands. The design, procurement and production of independent brand cars provide support.
It has been nearly 40 years since the establishment of the first joint venture vehicle factory in China, and it has been more than 30 years since entering China from the first foreign parts factory. In general, the overseas of foreign automobile parts has trained a group of international talents familiar with international standards and practice for the entire Chinese automobile industry. On the one hand, with the flow of talents and corporate mergers and acquisitions entering local enterprises, they help form China's own auto parts brands; on the other hand, they have greatly reduced the communication costs of independent brand vehicle companies and upstream component companies. The independent brand starting the year provides international intellectual support.
At the same time, since the half of the kitchen, whether it is China or a foreign party, it has gradually worn in during the communication, forming its own understanding of the "business environment". The automotive industry is one of the earliest foreign -funded industries introduced in China in the 1980s, and the earliest industry to realize the need to be introduced and introduced by the chain. The composition of the automotive component industry chain, in turn encourages China to use similar methods such as electronics and other industries to introduce chain. From this point of view, the development of the automotive parts industry has a profound impact on China's industrial structure.
I think the last time I made a summary for this series of articles. Looking back at this series of articles, we can find that to some extent, "how to form a good business environment" is not a kind of knowledge that can simply learn from textbooks, but runs through the past export industry in China In each successful story, a set of experience formed in many years. This experience is the best wealth left by my predecessors -customers and investors in all countries in the world to China is the best signboard for China to attract foreign investment and foreign trade.
_ (This article only represents the author's own point of view, responsible editor: Yanman man.yan@ftchinese.com)_
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100093 
Financial anti -corruption: Can it bring a new ten years in the industry? (Free version) 
Authors: ['陈开宇']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T00:32:22+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T20:47:99+08:00
Description: Li Nan and Chen Kaiyu: How does more than 40 bank executives undergone review and investigation, how does it affect the industry? The key to financial anti -corruption is to have a clear policy, and it is necessary to think about how to supervise the "regulator".
Images: [" 000152599_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['金融监管', '银行业', '中国经济']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Since the beginning of this year, more than 40 bank executives have been reviewed and surveyed, and have been the most concentrated financial anti -corruption situation in the past few years. Relevant national departments also pointed out that it is necessary to severely crack down on financial illegal activities such as "money to make money", showing that the national government's crackdown on financial anti -corruption will continue to deepen.
But what needs to be considered is what happened to such densely exposed financial corruption? Is the internal supervision of the bank invalidated or the external supervision is lost? The author believes that we should start from the special nature of the financial industry to start the thinking of this round of financial anti -corruption and China's financial innovation gold ten years.
1. "Cat and Mouse Game" between financial innovation and financial supervision? 
From the U.S. financial industry in 1930, to the loan crisis in the 1980s, to the global financial crisis in 2008, until the bankruptcy of four banks including Silicon Valley Bank in 2023, we can clearly see financial institutions and financial institutions and Financial supervision is an endless "cat and rat game".
But China's situation is different. The "4 trillion stimulus" measures in 2008 brought about the "golden decade" of financial innovation, that is, from the issuance of the first batch of third -party payment licenses in May 2011, and by the launch of the Ant Group's listing in November 2020 Essence In the past ten years, many unprecedented things have appeared in China's financial community. for example,
_1. With the issuance of third -party payment licenses, some Internet financial giants have become born from this, embarked on the road of "making money better than circle money"; _
The "urban investment debt" expands rapidly. Although the central government repeatedly emphasized not to bottom out, it still expands every year, forming a high debt platform, and the investment income is low, and the investment income is low.
In the wave of corporate financial melting, many well -known large enterprises have invested in finance and even obtained a full -scale financial license. The concept of "making money is worse than paying money" (paying money from holding financial institutions) is very popular, making many companies form the scale of no capital accumulation expansion expansion. Items
Under the restrictions on the bank's real estate credit quota, the banking industry has a "channel business", which has made the non -bank trust commission business erupted, which is essentially from the account to the account;
Small and medium -sized banks have expanded crazy expansion due to the pursuit of listing, which has spawned the prosperity of the banking business. With the significantly increased deposit of residential enterprises, the irrational expansion of the asset scale has been formed;
The wealth management business, which was the first to be launched by the Internet platform finance, was pushed to various banks or non -bank financial institutions, forming the prosperity of P2P, and eventually moved to the Ponzi scam;
With the development of wealth management and channel business, many banks have carried out the so -called investment and loan linkage business, which essentially uses credit funds in the account to invest in off -account risk investment.
A large amount of credit funds have not been able to truly invest in physical enterprises, forming shadow banks that are difficult to control of the regulatory authorities. These funds have finally entered the stock market bond market and further encouraged various investment behaviors in the capital market.
In these decade, due to the lack of effective financial supervision and fair market environment, various financial innovation businesses lack solid underlying logic, bringing unprecedented financial markets in the disorderly development, and also brought a lot of tricks Systematic financial issues, such as the problem of Internet financial giants, urban investment bond crisis, P2P mines, off -account operations, small and medium -sized bank survival crisis, corporate finance, and even a series of fraud in the capital market.
By combing the practices of financial supervision in these decade, we can clarify how financial supervision and financial anti -corruption can be better.
First of all, financial supervision in the past decade has generally encouraged financial innovation.
From the perspective of China's financial market, the golden decade of financial innovation is the key ten years for China to open up. In order to increase the efforts of financial development, the direction of opening the financial market is completely reasonable. However, the brutal growth of the financial market first is the road with a very high cost of governance and a very long governance period.
Secondly, financial supervision has not formed continuous and stable supervision.
Compared with the mature financial supervision in the West, the system, system, and regulations of China's financial supervision are complete, but the scale of supervision grasping is the main problem:
First, regulatory regulations are different. The previous financial supervision will strictly investigate the non -renewal loan, and the current supervision encourages no renewal loan. This involves the understanding of the underlying logic of credit, and the change of supervision attitude is incredible;
The second is that the supervision scale is unstable and it is difficult to predict. Some regulations are loose and some regulations are tight. Sometimes the same regulations are sometimes loose and tight;
The third is the problem of fairness of supervision. Different regulatory objects are different. The main supervision energy is large state -owned large -scale commercial banks, but for other banks, non -silver financial institutions, and Internet finance on the market, they have long ignored supervision. Internet finance with risk management experience can do anything, but large banks can do anything;
Fourth, there are large differences in supervision in different areas. Some regulations are loose, and financial innovation can be dry. Some regional supervision is tight, and no financial innovation cannot be done.
When financial supervision becomes unstable, non -persistent, unpredictable, financial institutions have to play "cat and rat games" with financial supervision due to high supervision costs, and use all available regulatory blind spots and loopholes. "Supervisor renting" behaviors will emerge endlessly, and financial corruption will inevitably be inevitable.
How can financial innovation give birth to financial corruption? 
1 . The "agent issue" inherent in the financial system
Banks are important financial intermediaries and have important and special functions in the economy. Specifically, the bank is a "agent supervisor", which will concentrate the money of the store to lend the money to enterprises with productive forces, and the agent investor (store) supervision borrower (enterprise). Through scale effects and synergistic effects, the advantages of their professional information analysis and processing, reduce information asymmetry, reduce supervision costs and transaction costs, and promote more funds to flow from stored households to enterprises and promote economic development. This is a bank, a win -win cooperation between the three parties, and the three parties of the company, and is a mechanism to jointly make the cake of the economy.
However, banks or other financial institutions are not their own money as "agents". It is not distressed if you do n’t lose your own money. If you lack sufficient external supervision, then it is very easy to form a “moral crisis”, that is, if the agent does not bear investment risks and responsibilities, he will chase high -risk investment, because all successful agents will be a successful agent Get higher performance dividends, if failure, it is pushed to market mutations.
In order to prevent the emergence of a "moral crisis", all financial institutions must formulate reasonable and effective regulatory rules to regulate financial institutions at all levels. However, the supervision of the "agent" is a problem that financial supervision authorities of various countries must face and solve. After all, regulatory supervision is costly. If the regulatory rules cannot be fully considered the interest motivation of financial institutions, then it is likely to make the good regulatory rules that are willing to become a paper empty text, or even cause regulatory loopholes to breed corruption.
Will financial institutions have improved the risk management system and internal regulatory processes, and will not erupt financial corruption? the answer is negative. Under the generosity of financial innovation and loose external supervision, internal supervision of financial institutions or the so -called "self -discipline" is vulnerable.If the investment fails, the game will be difficult to continue, and many vested interests within the bank will be lost, so it can only be filled with credit funds.
Therefore, such corruption is mostly "nest cases", involving the entire bank and a large number of middle -level cadres. The so -called internal supervision of banks is also vested and interesting, and there is no resistance in this environment.
All in all, under the overall situation of financial development to promote economic development, financial innovation naturally spins. However, when financial supervision is under the idea of "first chaos and then governance" and lacks stable and continuous and predictable financial supervision, financial innovation will overwhelm all internal supervision. When financial innovation avoids financial supervision and internal supervision, it naturally moves towards financial corruption.
At present, my country has begun to adjust the financial regulatory system and began to gradually strengthen financial supervision. This round of financial anti -corruption and "financial elite" is an important signal for financial supervision. The establishment of the State Administration of Finance and Administration in May this year is an important measure to improve and improve the system of financial supervision and risk prevention. It helps to "eliminate regulatory gaps and blind spots, clarify the boundaries of responsibility, and strengthen the collaboration between central and local regulatory supervision."
However, in order to truly coordinate financial supervision and financial development, we need to reflect on where there is a problem in the tide of financial innovation in ten years.
3. Building a long -term stable and predictable financial supervision is the fundamental of financial anti -corruption 
In this round of financial anti -corruption, opposing "eating finance" and "money to make money", etc., are actually reflection on previous financial innovation tide deviation from the underlying logic of financial. We need to see:
Fund security is the foundation of banks to ensure that fund security is the bottom line of banks. No matter what purpose and what financial innovation adopt, it cannot violate the bottom line of capital security. This is not only the bottom line of banking and the focus of financial supervision. It is also the main point for governments at all levels to understand the bank.
For bank financial innovation, the bottom line of different financial innovation is different. The bottom line of credit financial innovation is security. At present, asset wastes are generally emerged in the banking industry. Under the performance assessment and performance chase, banks can easily break through the bottom line in financial innovation. Not only the outbreak of financial corruption, it may also form a batch bad debt and endanger the security of financial institutions.
Whether it can maintain the independent operation of banks is the core of the financial environment. The independent operation of banks requires independent judgments of risks. Only independent risk judgments can achieve the effective allocation of social resources. Therefore, this is the bottom line of banking and the bottom line of financial supervision.
At present, governments at all levels are generally forcing bank loans, hoping to use increasing loans to get rid of the economic trough. In the process, a large number of financial innovation will appear. At this time, if financial supervision cannot guarantee the independent operating environment of the bank, and even cooperate with the local government to force the bank to do something beyond the risk bottom line, it will violate the original intention of the establishment of financial supervision. After several years, I am afraid that financial supervision has to dispose of financial corruption in large quantities.
The Chinese economy has reached a period of stable development, and banks need a more market -oriented operating environment. It is hoped that local governments and financial regulatory authorities can ensure that the bank's independent operation environment can be guaranteed. Here we need to make a forward -looking risk prediction of various financial innovation. If the regulatory policy cannot be effectively stable and predictable, various types of rent -seeking incidents such as drilling and regulatory arbitrage will occur.
In summary, the key to financial anti -corruption is to have a clear policy, not only to give the past financial supervision default financial innovation, give a clear and clear definition, but also need to face the future and establish rules for financial innovation. For financial innovation that has not been involved in the existing financial supervision, the "chaotic and backward" model that needs to be done by the previous "existing rules can not be prohibited." It is not allowed by default, and it must be applied for approval. "
Finally, you also need to think about how to supervise the "supervisor" question. You need to clarify who to supervise, how to evaluate whether financial supervision at all levels is due to due diligence, so that these "agents" who have been entrusted to regulatory duties can truly become the risk of preventing financial systems. Seeing people.
Note: This article only represents the author's personal point of view
Editor of this article Xu Jin jin.xu@ftchinese.com 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100074 
Research Puyuan sweater: a live broadcast economy with a 100 billion industry belt (Free Version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T00:34:42+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T20:39:99+08:00
Description: Zhang Qingning: The development of a live broadcast economy with an industry requires at least four benign coordinated components. Among them, the policy insurance provided by the industry with the government to the industry belt service provider is very important.
Images: [" 000185742_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '电商']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Among the expectations of consumption upgrades, brand merchants have always been the basic market for the growth of e -commerce platforms. Now entering the era of consumption layers, the ultimate cost -effectiveness and the richness of the cargo tray are becoming one of the core strategies of e -commerce competition.
The main suppliers of these resources are small and medium -sized merchants on the industry.
"Late Latepost" revealed that the head live broadcast platform is recently introduced industrial bands and white -card businesses with lower commodity prices. Ali e -commerce is also "returning to Taobao" and "doing small business". The video number is the same. Since 2023, it has recruited 45 industrial belt service providers in 21 industrial belts across the country to support small and medium -sized live broadcasts, and links public and private domains.
The industrial zone is a geographical+industry concept, mainly referring to a pillar industry in a certain city, such as the Haining leather industry belt. In some cities, there are more than one industrial belt. For example, in Tongxiang, Zhejiang, the top 100 counties in Tongxiang, Zhejiang, not only are the silkworms in the Town of Zhouquan, but also the sweater industry belt in Puyuan Town.
my country has 334 prefecture -level cities, 2851 county -level administrative units, and 39,888 townships. On the vast land of 9.6 million square kilometers, the industry has a star Rome. In the past three years, one of the main paths of digital growth in the industry is that small and medium -sized merchants have brought goods through live broadcasts, bypassing the traditional procurement chain, and directly to consumers from origin.
In the first half of this year, I investigated a large number of industrial bands. Among them, Puyuan was the one with the lowest administrative level and the largest transaction volume. This town is also one of the typical samples of the industrial band live economy.
Industrial Chain 
The Puyuan is the largest sweater deep processing and the finished product trading market in the country. In 2022, the town's sweater market transaction volume reached 102.727 billion yuan, of which the online transaction value was 49.341 billion yuan. In the online transaction volume, live broadcasts are continuing to approach the transaction share of shelves e -commerce.
According to the raw materials, the puweed sweater is mainly divided into two types: cashmere and wool. The former's transaction value is 1%of the latter, which is determined by the scarcity of cashmere. Cashmere is also known as soft gold. For example, high-quality cashmere cashmere global output of high-quality cashmere in less than 16 microns is only 3,000-4000 tons. The highest quality standard proposed by Ordos is "1436": the fineness is less than 14.5 microns, and the length is more than 36 mm.
Mongolia, Xinjiang and other 105 -degree pasta in the east and 40 -degree north latitude are cashmere production, while Hebei and other places are the raw material trading market. Puyuan mainly uses cashmere finished products to sales. The industrial zone is only one of the industrial chains. The industrial chain is composed of multiple industries, and it moves the whole body.
Temperature, environmental protection, and rainfall all affect the supply of cashmere in the origin. Jue 30 degrees is a relatively vague watershed. The temperature will freeze a lot of goats below the temperature, resulting in a decline in cashmere output. Many noodles are improving the goats to stabilize cashmere yield, but the improved cashmere of the goat is generally thicker than the cashmere of the original ecological goat.
These upstream factors will be fed back to the supply and demand relationship, and the scarcity of supply does not necessarily lead to surge in prices, but strictly restrained by market demand. For example, the price of the highest quality cashmere raw material was 1.2 million/ton in the 1990s, and in recent years, it has only risen to 1.4 million/ton.
The cashmere yarn is cashmere as the raw material. Through the complete spinning process process and strict quality management and control system, it is refined into a yarn. Hebei is the main trading market of the national yarn. Some local yarn companies will comprehensively comprehensively upstream and downstream price elements. The 1+1 annual pricing model will be adopted. After the primary pricing in June each year, it is determined whether the price is adjusted according to the price fluctuation.
The industrial chain is also like a relay race. From raw materials to yarn, to the manufacture and trading market, Puyuan belongs to the final sprint player in the relay race, with the product "collision line" sales end.
Industrial Band 
The Puyuan does not produce a wool, but 10 pieces of sweaters are sold in each country, and 7-8 pieces come from here. In the past, Kunshan, Hangzhou, Shanghai, Hebei and other places all existed functions similar to the Puyuan industrial belt functions. In recent years, the functions of the Paper have been completed. Many people in the local area have summarized the main competitiveness of the Puyuan Industry Belt. For example:
1) Complete supporting facilities such as spinning factories and water washing plants;
2) The traffic location is relatively convenient;
3) Low business costs such as artificial and land;
4) The business environment is excellent, and the local service -oriented government has been highly evaluated by people interviewed industry people in terms of investment promotion, land policy, tax collection and other aspects.
Whether an industrial belt can rise is the above -mentioned factors that are vital infrastructure. The interviewed Puyuan Sweater Enterprise and State Owner also said that they could hardly feel the existence of the government.
The survey data shows that there are more than 8,000 sweater companies operated by Puyuan and more than 10,000 stalls. In the top ten cashmere garment brands in China, the Puyuan only on the list. However, the Puyuan Industry Bands has first -line cashmere men's foundry such as Zhejiang Xiadong Clothing Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Carnival Knitting Clothing Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Lishi weaving Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Xiadong Clothing Co., Ltd. Jiaxing Muli Clothing Co., Ltd. and other front -line cashmere women's foundry.
Although high -end brands are relatively lacking, these batch of medium -sized enterprises, small and micro enterprises, individual industrial and commercial households have passed the channels such as white cards and foundry, and the value of the "Puyuan Cashmere" regional brand is close to 10 billion yuan. The town's sweater transaction in 2019 was over 100 billion yuan. In 2021, it was 118 billion yuan, and it was expected to increase to 130 billion yuan in 2023.
The GMV of this township industry is equivalent to three or four times the GDP of a central county, and it is more than ten times that of the GDP of a county in the western region.
Live Economy 
Compared with 2019, the proportion of Puyuan sweater e -commerce transactions increased from 40%to 48%, with a net increase of only 9.3 billion yuan. From the data point of view, the contribution of e -commerce channels is not prominent, but during the epidemic, this is equivalent to the stabilizer of the Puyuan sweater trading market.
Between e -commerce channels, the city's flag is changed. Before the epidemic, the live broadcast and cargo were only supplemented by shelves and e -commerce. Now they have snatched nearly half of the e -commerce transaction share. The live broadcast of the cargo yard has shortened the consumer's decision -making link with higher information transmission efficiency, which is a disruptive innovation of graphic shelves.
For the small and medium -sized merchants of Puyuan, in the dilemma of the Coco Rowcat, opening the mobile phone live broadcast and bringing goods is a passive digital survival, and later gradually evolved into an opportunity to accumulate wealth quickly.
However, under the action of personalized recommendation algorithms, a large amount of livelihood live rooms are similar to a complete competitive market, and the price of product price tends to marginal costs. In order to get rid of the situation of this volume price, some companies have begun to fight for materials, versions, and brands, enter the monopoly competitive market to win a brief breathing space, and then may enter the fully competitive market.
Tongxiang Kuang is also an industrial belt service provider of many live broadcast and cargo platforms. The person in charge of the company introduced that in the peak season of sweater sales, there were more than 10 head merchants with a monthly payment of about 100 million yuan. Nearly two hundred middle -waisted merchants between millions and 20 million yuan. Most of the more than 10,000 stalls in the town are interested in live broadcasts with goods. Many of them have been transformed. Their stalls are also live broadcast rooms, customized stores, and experience stores.
Elements 1) Supply chain: On a mature industrial chain, there is a characteristic industrial belt, which has sufficient supply chain depth and width when facing the retail end. Puyuan's wool and cashmere clothing not only have sufficient production capacity, but also have strong horizontal expansion capabilities. From the autumn and winter sweaters and woolen coats to the four seasons of regular clothes;
2) Service provider: Between the live broadcast and cargo platform and the industrial belt small and micro merchants, there is a gap that cannot be ignored. Effective live broadcast and cargo technical guidance. Conversely, insufficient service providers are the main reasons for many industries with live broadcast bases.
3) Incentive mechanism: In order to continue to provide services to small and medium -sized merchants, there must be a sustainable incentive mechanism. The revenue of industrial belt service providers is roughly divided into three pieces: the first is the income incentive of the service merchant, which is generally difficult to continue because the "church apprentice starve to death Master", the second is the resource incentive from the live broadcast platform, which is not enough. Stability, because the platform incentive policy will fluctuate, retreat, or even withdraw from. The third is the government's policy incentives, such as the special support of venues, funds, taxes, etc. This income is equivalent to the last insurance of the industry belt service provider. They provide services to local small and medium -sized businesses in stable, continuous, and expected, and the latter creates employment and taxation for the industry with the government.
4) Merchants: Finally, a small and medium -sized merchant with certain e -commerce literacy. It provides consumers with high cost -effective products to consumers through live output through live broadcasts.
_ (This article only represents the author's own point of view, responsible editor: Yanman man.yan@ftchinese.com)_
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100092 
The United States will send its maximum nuclear power submarine to the Korean Peninsula 
Author: Timothy W. Martin
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T00:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T00:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T23:29:00.000Z
Description: The United States plans to send its largest nuclear -powered submarine to South Korea for the first time in 40 years to deter North Korea and appease allies in South Korea.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
The United States plans to send its largest nuclear -powered submarine to South Korea for the first time in 40 years to deter North Korea and appease allies in South Korea.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%B0%86%E5%90%91%E6%9C%9D%E9%B2%9C%E5%8D%8A%E5%B2%9B%E6%B4%BE%E9%81%A3%E5%85%B6%E6%9C%80%E5%A4%A7%E6%A0%B8%E5%8A%A8%E5%8A%9B%E6%BD%9C%E8%89%87-be96b30 
The United States considers the implementation of new restrictions on the export of AI chip (Free Version) 
Author: Asa Fitch / Yuka Hayashi / John D. McKinnon
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T01:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T01:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T22:08:00.000Z
Description: People familiar with the matter said that the US Department of Commerce may take action as soon as possible to prohibit Nvidia and other chip manufacturers export chips to Chinese customers without obtaining licenses in advance.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001014608
Type: Article
According to people familiar with the matter, the Bayeng government is considering the artificial intelligence facing China(AI)New restrictions are implemented by chip exports. Personal concerns around the technical strength of American competitors are rising.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E8%80%83%E8%99%91%E5%AF%B9%E5%90%91%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%9A%84ai%E8%8A%AF%E7%89%87%E5%87%BA%E5%8F%A3%E5%AE%9E%E6%96%BD%E6%96%B0%E9%99%90%E5%88%B6-eee72099 
Sex minority groups: The Chinese VOGUING Dance Troupe under the government's strict supervision of the government 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-28T01:28:14.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T01:28:14.000Z
Description: In China, because the issue of sexual minorities does not match the values of tradition and official propaganda, in recent years, some Rainbow Public Welfare Groups that have been operating for many years have disbanded, and the Voguing Dance Troupe, which is closely related to its cultural relations, can only hold a dance party in a low -key.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['变性', '中國', '文化', 'LGBT', '性']
Type: Article
sex minority group: The Chinese VOGUING Dance Troupe under the government's strict supervision of the government 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66030010/P0FXJ2KS/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66030010/p0fxj2ks/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials sex minority ethnic group: China Voguing Dance Troupe under the government's severe supervision of the government June 28, 2023
Voguing is a form of dance that originated from New York in the mid -20th century. Later, it was known by more people because of the welcome ethnic minority ethnic group (LGBTQIA+).
In China, because the issue of sexual minorities does not match the values of tradition and official propaganda, in recent years, some Rainbow Public Welfare Groups that have been operating for many years have disbanded, and the Voguing Dance Troupe, which is closely related to its cultural relations, can only hold a dance party in a low -key.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66030010 
Chinese monitoring products: BBC investigation reveals the technical vulnerability of hackers to control the camera 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-28T01:45:51.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T01:45:51.000Z
Description: The BBC "Wide -angle Mirror" column found a number of security vulnerabilities on the two Chinese monitoring camera brands, and its products were widely used around the world.
Images: [" _130216026_ge... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['英国', '间谍', '中國', '中英关系']
Type: Article
China Monitoring Products: BBC Investigation Revealing the technical vulnerability of hackers to control the camera 
1:45 am on June 28, 2023![] Image source, AFP VIA Getty Images
The monitoring cameras made in China are located in the British office, Gaojie (Shopping Street), and even government buildings. The survey of "Wide -angle Mirror" found a number of security loopholes from the two number one brand. How easy is it to invade them, what does it mean for Britain's security? 
In a BBC Broadcasting House (London), a man was sitting in front of his laptop and entering the password.
Thousands of miles away, a hacker was watching every word he hit.
Then, the BBC employee picked up his mobile phone to enter the password, and now the hacker also wrote it down.
The monitoring lens on the ceiling is made by Chinese Enterprise Hikvision, and a security loophole in it means that it now has the risk of hackers.
The hacker said, "Now this device is mine, I want to do whatever you want. I can turn it off, or use it to see what happened to BBC."
BBC wide -angle mirror survey: new satellite image shows that Chinese spy balloons have flew over Japan and Taiwan 
Image adding text,
The "hacker" arranged by the BBC uses the software vulnerability of the monitoring lens to monitor the words of the BBC staff on the computer keyboard.
For this gentleman who was stared, fortunately the hacker was working on the BBC. This is one of the series of experiments conducted to test the security of the Chinese manufacturing monitoring camera.
Hikvision and Dahua are the world's leading monitoring camera manufacturers. No one knows how many of their devices in the streets and alleys in the UK.
Image adding text,
The results of the "Freedom of Information" show that 35 local governments in the UK are using Dahua's monitoring lens.
Last year, the privacy and vitality organization "Big Brotherwatch" attempted to find out the answer. Between August 2021 and January 2022, the organization submitted 4,510 applications to different public agencies in the UK. Among the 1289 applications that were answered, 806 items confirmed that it adopted the lens of Hikvision or Dahua -227 local parliaments and 15 police teams adopted Hikvision, and 35 local parliaments adopted Dahua.
Many government buildings also adopt the camera of Hikvision -one afternoon, "Wide -angle Mirror" in the Ministry of International Trade, Ministry of Health, Health Safety Bureau, and the Ministry of Food and Rural Affairs in the central city center of London. The service center found them.
Security experts are worried that these lenses have been used as Trojan horses to trouble the computer system, and then trigger the potential possibility of civil strife.
Professor Prof Frasersampson, a British government monitoring camera commissioner, warned that key infrastructures across the country -including power supply, transportation networks, fresh food supply and water supply -all threatened.
He said: "These are very dependent on remote monitoring, so if you have the ability to interfere with it, you can create chaos thousands of miles away without spending the power."
British MPs have called for the disable six key points of Chinese surveillance equipment British Intelligence Chief: Chinese Science and Technology constitutes a security threat Behind the face of Chinese face recognition technology triggered the public Charlesparton, a former diplomat who had worked in Beijing and the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), also agreed to this: "When we were young, we watched The Italianjob; Taiwan translations "Gold Gold" and Hong Kong translation "Moisturizing and Wonderful Books"), which uses the traffic light system to paralyze the entire Turin City (Du Lin). At that time, it may be just a novel bridge. It's. "
Hikvision said to the BBC "Wide -angle Mirror" that the company is an independent company and does not pose a threat to British national security.
The company said, "Hikvision has never been engaged in any spy -related activities in the world", and said that "products are strictly required by security, which meets when operating in the UK and other countries and regions. Applicable laws and regulations. "
"Wide -angle Mirror" cooperates with the world's leading monitoring technology research institution and the "Internet Agreement Video Market" (IPVM) headquarters in the United States to test whether the camera invasion of Hikvision is feasible. IPVM provides the lens installed in the BBC studio.
Because of security reasons, "Wide -angle Mirror" cannot run the camera on the BBC network, so the lens is installed on the test network without a firewall and protecting facilities.
This camera tested by "Wide -angle Mirror" was found in the loopholes in 2017. Conor Healy, director of IPVM, described this as "Hikvision opened the back door for his own products".
Hikvision said that he did not deliberately prepare the device into the defect, and pointed out that after detecting the problem, the ligament update was almost released immediately. The company also said that the test of "Wide -angle Mirror" does not represent the current operation of the current operation, but Conner Halli said that there are still more than 100,000 vulnerabilities worldwide online.
Image adding text,
The "hacker" from the IPVM institution was an experimental invasion of an experiment from a thousand miles away.
With the experiment of "Wide -angle Mirror", John Scanlan, an IPVM research engineer, was sitting in front of the laptop computer in its US Pennsylvania headquarters.Hili and Sanlan first located the lens installed in the BBC Broadcasting Building, and then began to attack its security system.
Higher followed the timing and see how much time it takes to obtain the control of the lens. After 11 seconds, Schalan announced: "We have entered the camera."
They can now see the interior appearance of the studio, including the employees of "Wide -angle Mirror" sitting in front of laptops.
"If we pull the camera closer to the keyboard, we can clearly see every button that he knocked when he enters the password."
"This is like the key to your house, and at the same time, it secretly equipped with a lily of all the door locks in the entire community. The engineer of Hikvision is basically doing this."

Is the Chinese government monitoring you? 
Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-Embeds/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/UK-66030122/P0FXJ8Z5/ZH-Hans Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
The new image shows that Chinese spy balloon once flew over Japan and Taiwan
From a spy balloon to the secret police to the escape from the disgraceful, Panorama (Panorama) survey and report China ’s global monitoring operation Essence We revealed new details about the Beijing Spy Balloon Fleet, and also black into a Chinese -made monitoring camera, showing how similar devices on the streets can be used.
BBC Chinese will publish a complete video version of the report later, so stay tuned.
Hainan Wei said that its product was "no 'back door'", nor did they leave loopholes without deliberate programming, and said that they believed that all the British local government departments that used their device had already installed and updated their cameras.
The hackers followed the second experiment -to control Dahua's camera through the infiltration control software.
IPVM sets two test cameras in its headquarters. If they succeed, they may control the camera of a entire network.
They found the weaknesses of the software for a long time. Higher said, "That's it, we go in."
Now they enter the system and can use the camera to eavesdrop.
Higher explained: "Many people have not noticed that many of these shots are equipped with microphones." Although users sometimes shut down, hackers have to restart the camera, which is easy to redeem, that is, they can actually eavesdo this room.
Dahua said that after the company learned the loopholes last year, it "conducted a comprehensive investigation immediately" and quickly corrected it through "renewal of the ligaments".
The company also claims that it has no national support, and its equipment will not interfere with key British infrastructure. The company said: "These allegations are not true, and it is misleading to the image of Dahua technology and its products."
Image adding text,
Professor Sampson, a British government monitoring camera commissioner, described that the British monitoring video network has "serious inherent risks".
However, experts believe that Britain must double hard to protect himself from Professor Sampson's "Digital Asbestos" by Professor Professor Sampson in the UK.
He said: "We have installed these devices in the previous generation, and most of them are based on them. Now we are aware that they have some serious inherent risks, so what should we do?"
When asked if he trusted Hikvision and Dahua, he replied, "Never."
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/uk-66030122 
What else did the New Zealand Prime Minister talk about Xi Jinping's trade? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T01:51:00Z
Description: New Zealand Prime Minister Hipkins launched a visit to the middle of the visit and met with Xi Jinping on the 27th. In addition to discussing deepening trade, the two also talked about issues such as climate, the Russian and Ukraine War. In recent years, New Zealand has a strong attitude in human rights and international order. What did the two parties say?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['薄熙来', '专题报道：习近平访美', '中国共产党', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团', '新西兰', '毛泽东', '中国宪法修正案取消国家主席任期限制', '周永康']
Keywords: ['新西兰', '习近平', '中国人权', '太平洋', '中国贸易']
Id: 66050678
New Zealand Prime Minister Hipkins (Data Photo).
(Voice of Germany) New Zealand Prime Minister Chris Hipkins on Sunday (June 25) led the trade delegation to start a five -day visit to China , For New Zealand's Export Product Harmony and other emerging industries seeks more ways. On Tuesday (27th), he met with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Xi Jinping said that China and New Zealand should promote trade and investment.
Reuters reported that when Xi Jinping met with Hipkins on the 27th, Xi Jinping said that the two countries should promote the liberalization and facilitation of trade investment, provide a better business environment for other companies, and strengthen education, culture, tourism, etc. Field cooperation. Hipkins said that there is an internationally "most important and most extensive relationship" between New Zealand and China, and said that the focus of his trip is to help enterprises in the two countries to rebuild and deepen their contact.
It is reported that China is the largest trading partner in New Zealand, but with the intensification of geopolitical tensions, New Zealand's domestic demands to reduce the voices of Beijing's dependence are getting higher and higher. Many small companies transfer to markets such as Australia and North America for opportunities.
Earlier, Hipkins once called China as a "valuable partner" and described China as the "element" to restore its economy, but he also realized the voices of the domestic seeking new market; It has said that the country has signed and upgraded 7 free trade agreements in order to "achieve the overall market share diversification."
According to the Associated Press, the New Zealand's economy has officially entered a recession this month after two consecutive seasons. Officials in the country said that China is a key to export, tourism and education in the three major engines of economic recovery after the New Zealand.
Earlier on the same day, Hipkins attended a meeting held by the World Economic Forum (WeF) in Tianjin; according to a statement in Hipkins' office, he also participated in the signing ceremony of 4 New Zealand exporters and Chinese industry players. On the 28th, he will meet with Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang.
In addition to trade, New Zealand's attitude turns tough 
Reuters pointed out that unlike the security partners of neighbors Australia or other "Five Eyes Alliances", the interaction between New Zealand and China has basically maintained friendship. Last year, the two parties also upgraded the free trade agreement. However, in recent years, New Zealand has been in human rights, international order and potential Pacific Military Issues In terms of, the attitude becomes tough, which is similar to its attitude towards China.
According to the New Zealand Herald, when meeting with Xi Jinping, Hipkins also mentioned the importance of New Zealand's "common intention to regional stability and prosperity" and maintaining the importance of international order, as well as China in climate change, the Russian and Ukraine War in Russia and Ukraine. It can play a role.
The two also talked about the fields of "differences in cultural and political systems" between the two countries. Hipkins said that New Zealand "always respects but consistently, advocates foreign policy, or benefits and values that reflects New Zealand's independence." Essence In this regard, Xi Jinping said that New Zealand pursues independent foreign policies, and China will also "continue to regard each other as partners rather than competitors."
Different from the peaceful talks between Xi Jinping and Hipkins and the main diplomatic rhetoric, foreign ministers of the two countries have previously had a more fierce meeting 。
New Zealand Foreign Minister Malhota (Data Photo).
According to the Australian Daily and Agence France -Presse, New Zealand Foreign Minister Nanaia Mahuta went to Beijing to meet the Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang in March, and mentioned Xinjiang Human Rights, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. , By Qin Gang's "toe's high -spirited commandment" and "teaching for a whole hour", and she did not show weakness and refuted Qin Gang's "wolf warfare" remarks.
Malhota also said on the 27th that when she was preparing for the New Zealand Prime Minister's visit, she had a "straightforward and powerful" discussion with the Chinese Foreign Minister. During the delegation's delegation, the maturity of relations between the two countries showed the maturity of the relationship between the two countries.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/新西蘭總理會習近平-貿易之外還談了什麼？/a-66050678?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Russia's busy Ukraine restaurant and Wagner transfer to Belarus 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T02:03:33
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T02:03:33
Description: Russia's attack on Kramatosk in eastern Ukraine had killed at least four people and was injured at dozens of people. At the same time, the Baltic countries were obviously concerned about the re -establishment of the Wagner Group in Russia in Belarus.
Images: [" 1-1687917364.png ", " 1-1687917397.png ", " 1-1687917433.png ", " 1-1687917470.png ", " 1-1687917531.jpg ", " 1-1687917576.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 The rescue personnel are transferred to the crane machine to help the people who are trapped in the ruins of the restaurant (Agence France -Presse)
Russia's attack on Kramatosk in eastern Ukraine had killed at least four people and was injured at dozens of people. At the same time, the Baltic countries were obviously concerned about the re -establishment of the Wagner Group in Russia in Belarus.
Ukrainian officials said that on Tuesday night, a missile hit a busy pizza shop in the city center and confirmed that four people died, including a child, and the second missile hit a village on the edge of the city, causing five people to five people Injuried.
This restaurant was attacked before 8 pm local time (Greenwich Standard time 17:00). At that time, many people were eating dinner, and people were worried that the number of deaths might rise sharply.
This building has become a distorted net composed of metal beams and rubble, and emergency service staff rushed to the scene.
The photo shows that they use cranes and other equipment to rescue people trapped in the ruins.
The two men screamed wildly and asked for a drag rope, and then rushed back to the ruins.
A self -proclaimed Yefen(Evgen)The diners said, "There are many people there -children still have children under the ruins," when the attack took place, he was eating with friends at the RIA Pizza restaurant.
Witnesses Natalia shed tears and said that her 23 -year -old mother -in -law brother Nikita was trapped inside and said, "They cannot save him, he was covered by fragments."
 When people are enjoying dinner, the missile hit the restaurant (Agence France -Presse)
Ukraine President Zelezki said in a night video that these attacks showed that Russia "only to get one thing because of what they did -failure and court."
Kramatusk is an important city west of the front line of Donetsk. This city often becomes the goal of Russia's attack, including the attack on its train station in April 2022, causing 63 people to die.
Russia has denied it for civilian places.
"Flanched like bugs" 
At the time of the attack, when Wagner and the mercenary leader rebelled, the rebellion of the mercenary leader caused a sustainable impact. According to President Alexander Lukashenko, Yofgen Prigo arrived in Belarus in neighboring countries.
62 -year -old Pricigen said that after receiving an order to put his armed group under the command of the Ministry of National Defense, he launched a rebellion to save his armed groups, and he believed that Wagna was ineffective in the Ukrainian war.
His soldier ended on Saturday to avoid bleeding. Previously, the Wagner Tank Team almost arrived in Moscow.
 Which part of the Russia -Ukraine is controlled by the Russian and Ukraine in East of Ukraine? According to the Institute of War, Russia has strengthened ground attack on Crimener's front line, and the offensive operations near the Afffica, Donetsk and Bachmut are still continuing
Lukashenko -Two -year -old Russia -Russia -Russia -relying on Russia's subsidy, he described this uprising as the latest progress in conflict between Perigen and Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigugu.
Lukashenko said he had told Porigen that if he tried to attack Moscow, he would "flatter like a worm" and warned the Kremlin Palace to never agree with him to dismiss the request of Shaygu and his senior generals.
The flight tracking service showed that earlier on Tuesday, an aircraft related to Poriga took off from Rostov, southern Russia, and landed in Belarus.
Lukashenko said his country will receive the Wagner soldiers who want to go there.
The state -owned news agency Belta quoted Lukashenko's statement and reported, "We provide them with an abandoned military base, please — we have fences, we have everything -set up a tent."
 Who is Russian Yofgeni Pleigo? The head of the Wagner Group in Russia played an increasingly obvious role in the Ukraine War. His mercenary representative Moscow fought, so he became famous.
"Very worrying" 
The prospects of Wagner's establishment of a base in Belarus immediately aroused some vigilance of some neighboring countries. Latvia and Lithuania called on NATO to strengthen its eastern border in response. Polish President Anders Duda said that this was a "negative signal."
Anjie Duda said, "This is really serious and very worrying. We must make very strong decisions, which requires NATO to make very, very strong responses."
NATO Secretary -General Yanus Stoltenberg emphasized that the NATO Military Alliance has been prepared for any threat.
Stoltenberg told reporters that "now Pryigon's fact to transfer to Belarus to make any final judgment is too early, and some of his troops are likely to be stationed in Belarus."
"But we have sent a clear information to Moscow and Minsk, that is, NATO will protect every allies and every inch of NATO territory."
 Putin thanks to those who "stop the rebels"
Is it a trap? 
The Russian authorities said on Tuesday that they ended the criminal investigation of the aborted armed rebellion led by Pryigo, and would not have any allegations to him or his troops.
Federal Security Agency(FSB)It was said that the survey found that those who participated in this rebellion who lasted less than 24 hours "stopped the event of crime", so they would not investigate the case.
This is the latest turning point in a series of shocking incidents after Moscow's full invasion of Ukraine 16 months ago. These incidents have brought the worst threat to Russian President Vladimir Putin power so far.
At a military ceremony, Putin told about 2,500 Russian security personnel that the people and the armed forces unitedly opposed the rebel mercenary. He also added that "you have no turmoil for our motherland. In fact, you have stopped the civil war. "
Shayg has also joined Putin's ranks, and removal of Shaygu is one of the main requirements for rebels.
He also praised the Wagner Army's operations in Ukraine and praised those who "did not participate in the killing and stopped in the cliff".
A think tank in Washington said that this "may be to retain them in the battle of Ukraine" because Moscow needs to "traine the effective manpower" when facing Ukraine's counterattack.
The Institute of War also pointed out that the cracks between Putin and Pleigo may not be repaired. It may be a trap to provide Belarus as an obvious security port for Chief Wagner and their loyalists.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/6/28/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e8%bd%b0%e7%82%b8%e7%b9%81%e5%bf%99%e7%9a%84%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e9%a4%90%e5%8e%85%e4%b8%8e%e7%93%a6%e6%a0%bc%e7%ba%b3%e8%bd%ac%e7%a7%bb%e8%87%b3%e7%99%bd%e4%bf%84 
Resisting foreign brands to the fastening performance sprint (Free Version) 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T02:07:57+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T22:06:99+08:00
Description: Nike and Adidas dealers in China said that as of the first quarter of this fiscal year, the total sales recorded a "20%-30%low -segment growth".
Images: [" 000150270_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '滔搏', '耐克', '阿迪达斯']
Type: Article
 Author Yangge, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
As the consumers' resistance to the storm began to fall back in 2021, foreign consumer brands have returned to the shelves of the "Chinese Clothing Store", ending two years of chills.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100098 
Annual central bank survey shows that the US dollar will maintain the dominant position in the next 10 years (Free Version) 
Authors: ['玛丽•麦克杜格尔']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T02:16:02+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T22:12:99+08:00
Description: A annual survey shows that the central banks of various countries expect the decline in the proportion of US dollars in global reserves will be slow, from the current 58%to 54%after 10 years.
Images: [" 000178995_pic... "]
Themes: ['美元', '关注']
Keywords: ['美元', '人民币', '世界经济', '储备货币']
Type: Article
 An annual central bank survey that has attracted much attention shows that the US dollar will maintain its position as the world's main reserve currency in the next 10 years, and will not respond to the increasingly strong voices of using alternative reserve currencies by some countries.
Follow the central bank's British think tank -the official forum of the International Monetary Financial Institution(OMFIF)Studies have found that various reserve banks with a total of nearly $ 5 trillion assets predict that the proportion of US dollars in global reserves will continue to decline. However, the survey found that the proportion of the US dollar in 10 years will still reach 54%, compared with 58%.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100099 
Free Version of the 8th Plenary Session of the Eighth Central Committee of the North Korean Party 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T02:33:35+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T22:33:99+08:00
Description: Ye Shengzhou: North Korea's grain crisis has been relieved but has not been eradicated. The goal of irrigation construction has basically completed the military reconnaissance satellites to give gifts to the Eighth Plenary Session. Many indicators of economic plans in the first half of the year have not been completed on schedule.
Images: [" 000155433_pic... "]
Themes: ['朝鲜', '关注']
Keywords: ['朝鲜', '金正恩', '朝鲜劳动党', '朝鲜半岛']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
From June 16th to 18th, the Eighth Plenary Session of the Eighth Central Committee of the North Korean Workers' Party was held at the Pyongyang Party Central Headquarters to summarize the work in the first half of the year and adjust and deploy tasks in the second half of the year. This article is more convenient to compare the comparative research on the plenary interpretation of the plenary.
Five new situations in the Eighth Plenary Session 
I. The meeting is postponed for about 1 week. On May 28, the Political Bureau of the Labor Party decided to hold the Eighth Plenary Session of the Eighth Central Committee in early June, which actually extended to the opening on June 16. The main reason is that the military reconnaissance satellite launch failed on May 31, and the gift to the Eighth Plenary Session became ugly.
Second, the meeting period is compressed to 3 days. The Eighth Plenary Session of the Eighth Central Committee is standard for 1 day, but the personnel will be changed; 4 days. There are six agenda in the plenary session, and the meeting period is only 3 days.
Three, Kim Jong -un did not report for the first time. The first 15 Central Plenary Session of the Central Plenary Session, which he hosted since the ruling, usually led the opening and closing words; at least the first main agenda was used as a long -themed report, sometimes it was not enough for half a day, and the report was scored for two and a half days. Other agendas are reported and concluded. Every time he reports in the plenary, the North Korean Society must distribute reports and pictures of Kim Jong Un, which is settled on the official website. The convention is touted as a new "programmatic literature" with multiple high -end adjectives. Nothing from the media, he changed the draft by the announcer, indicating that he was only attending and not speaking.
Fourth, DPRK China reports low -key simplification. The daily progress of the plenary meeting in the past will be reported in detail the next day, especially Kim Jong -un's speech. The plenary session released the opening newsletter on June 17th. On the 19th, the convention of the plenary conference was released (equivalent to the communiqué of the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. Research and agreement were held twice. The speculation was on the afternoon of June 16 and 17, but the North Korean Society did not report it as usual.
5. Simplified reports highlight the first agenda. In the Chinese version of the Chinese version on June 19th, the sixth agenda reported a total of 4,994 words, of which the first agenda "about the struggle to implement the main policy of this year" Essence The second agenda "about the epoch -making measures for the development of education", the third agenda "the role of the cadres of the people's committees at all levels", the fourth agenda "about strengthening the people's regime", the fifth The agenda "important countermeasures on deepening the party's discipline construction" has been brought up. In fact, these four agendas do not need to be discussed in the Central Plenary Session, and the Politburo meeting can also be decided.
Five main achievements of economic development in the first half of the year 
The Sixth Plenary Session of the Eighth Central Committee of the Eighth Central Committee determined that this year's "12 important heights" in the development of the national economic development, but when the seventh session of the Seventh Plenary Session, it was confirmed that the first height point was to capture the goal of food production. , I have left room for a while on time. The report of the Eighth Plenary Session of the Central Committee of the Central Committee announced the report of the first agenda report. There were five highlights of the development results in the first half of the year.
1. North Korea's grain crisis has been relieved. The report mentioned, "From all aspects, it has adopted a measure that can be successful (pressed: the original text of the DPRK, and it should be" attack ") to account for the food highland mentioned this year." At the Eighth Plenary Session, if two political bureaus in charge of agriculture (Li Zhewan, Minister of the Central Agriculture, Zhu Zhekui, Vice Premier and Agricultural Prime Minister Zhu Zhekui), at least one was fired. ; Neither of them were dismissed, and the anti -grain crisis had been relieved. Kim Jong -un did not need to find another sinful sheep. The author tends to the latter, and continues to analyze later.
Two, naming to praise coal, machinery, forestry, railway departments. "Effectively overcome the unstable and turbulent situation exposed at the beginning of the year" and ensure that "production growth rates in various fields in economic construction are significantly improved." Considering the basic period of the new crown outbreak of North Korea in the same period last year, this so -called "significant improvement" was misleading and may not be able to achieve the total economic volume of 2019 before the country.
III. "This year's irrigation construction goals proposed by the Seventh Plenary Session of the Eighth Central Committee are basically completed." The DPRK reported on June 7 to list a series of data. Within more than two months, the irrigation canal repair, more than 1.2 million groundwater facilities were completed and expanded, more than 1,500 irrigation facilities construction and construction of more than 1.2 million sections were completed. Maintenance, more than 2400 kilometers of dry field irrigation pipelines, and more than 3,000 pumping stations new projects. These water conservancy facilities were completed before the summer flood season, and the military reconnaissance satellites were essentially replaced by the military reconnaissance satellite to give gifts to the Eighth Plenary Session.
Fourth, the dual pillar (metallurgical and chemical industry departments) of economic development "plans to be improved in excess". The Sixth Plenary Session appointed Jin Zhexia as the chemical industry. The Seventh Plenary Session of the Seventh Central Committee appointed An Jinzhe as the metallurgical industry. Essence The two new phases have achieved outstanding results in the first half of the year.
5. Free housing, especially Pyongyang residential construction, is still the highlight of the annual political achievements, "bring joy and confidence to the people of the country." After the first phase of the He Sheng area was completed, 2,000 houses were built; 1,400 houses were completed in the Daping area; 10,000 sets of residential construction in the second phase of the Shengsheng area and the construction of the new street construction project in Xipu area, the Jiangdong greenhouse farm Construction projects and residential construction projects in prosecutors are being promoted in an orderly manner; new villages have been built in many places across the country.
The four main problems currently exist 
1. The grain crisis has not been eliminated. The report "focuses on a practical task that must be completed as soon as possible to achieve sustainable and long -term development of agriculture," showing that it still focuses on agriculture. On May 31, the DPRK -China Society's draft stated that "the basic area of farming in rural areas in various places is close to the end." Compared with the spring plowing on June 10 last year, it was reluctant to complete it for ten days. This year, the rhythm was normal. But the El Nino phenomenon has returned strongly, and extreme weather is a severe test for North Korea's autumn grain this year.
2. Economic development is still sluggish. The report pointed out that "the discipline of the unconditional implementation of the national economic plan in economic work is not strict enough, and the economic independence foundation is not solid enough." It implies that the economic plan in the first half of the year has not been completed on schedule. The objective reason is that the economic foundation is not solid enough. North Korea has always been reported to be happy. In the report, other "high points" in the "12 systems" are not mentioned, and the probability of progress in the first half of the year is not smooth.
Three, the failure of military reconnaissance satellites is "the most serious mistake". The report gives a "strict summary" and "strictly criticized the irresponsible attitude of cadres who are responsible for promoting the preparation of the star." "Small institutional measures" implies the reorganization of the National Cosmic Development Bureau established in 2013. The Labor Party takes four measures to get out of trouble 
1. Continue to tout and consolidate the absolute authority of Kim Jong -un. On June 16th, the "Labor News" published a comment article on "the leadership of the Korean Labor Party is the invincible power of the Korean socialist war", which touted "The reason why our party created the socialist ruling party's construction The century -old model is because the outstanding ideological theorist, the outstanding patriot, and the loving father of the great people are embraced as the head of the Korean Workers' Party. "
2. Make sure that the first crops are returned to the warehouse. Like 2021 and 2022, Prime Minister Kim Dexun's inspection of this year is mainly concentrated in agriculture. According to the North Korean Society on April 3, 11, May 3, 9, 16, 29, and June 6th and 12th. Agricultural work such as urban and National Academy of Sciences has deployed the field tube, harvesting, drying, and storage of head crops such as wheat barley, and inspected the main agricultural roads many times, and held a coordination meeting on the spot to solve the actual difficulties. The provinces and central levels and the central government and localities have continuously set off a wave of agricultural agriculture. According to the North Korean Society, June 12th and 14th, agricultural departments at all levels and localities have adopted measures such as the phenomenon of El Nino, and measures such as promotional videos, crop protection, and renovation of drainage equipment.
3. Mobilize and defend the security organs to increase their vigilance. After being worried about the unblocking of the country, a large number of people who suffered a hungry person defected and the dissatisfaction with the Kim Jong -un and the Labor Party reported that the plenary report emphasized that defending security organs should "stubbornly promote the work of resolutely defending unity."
Fourth, imply that diplomacy has room for relaxation. "Nuclear Martial Arts Leap Forward" and "Economic Great Leap Forward" cannot be both. This is the dilemma of Kim Jong -un. The first military politics occupied too many resources, and the people's livelihood was unsustainable. Due to the failure of the launch of the military reconnaissance satellite, he lost the chips and rhythm of major adjustments to military, politics, and diplomatic routes. Therefore, while the report emphasizes continuing to support nuclear anti -the United States, it emphasizes diplomacy three times, "the urgency of sensitivity and flexibility to this military technology, political and diplomatic response", "the country that opposes the strategy of robbers in the United States (dark Refers to Russia, etc.), further strengthening unity "," autonomously and more active foreign activities ", this is a rare new signal in the report of the Central Plenary Report of the Central Committee of the Labor Party after the collapse of the Best Summit in Hanoi.
_ (Note: The author is an independent commentator, WeChat account: sswysp. This article only represents the author's personal point of view.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100100 
Cai Yingwen: The false information has become one of the most difficult challenges facing a democratic country 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T02:59:37-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T02:59:37-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 President Tsai Ing -wen attended the "2023 World News Annual Conference opening ceremony" on the 28th. Provided by the Presidential Palace of Taiwan.
In Taiwan, President Tsai Ing -wen pointed out when he attended the "2023 World News Annual Meeting" on the 28th that in recent years, many international media professionals in Taiwan have confirmed the efforts to defend the freedom of media and freedom of speech, and to the world Showing Taiwan attaches great importance to this important democratic pillar. However, the fake information offensive has become one of the most difficult challenges facing a democratic country, and Taiwan has developed a way to counter anti -false information and continue to share related experience with international friends.
Tsai Ing -wen pointed out that according to the report of "Economics Information Agency" last year, Taiwan was rated as "comprehensive democracy" and ranked in Asia. This year, the "Global Press Freedom Index" released by the National Journalist Organization (RSF) has made 3 progress in Taiwan, ranking 35th among 180 countries. However, in recent years, authoritarian forces have continuously aimed at the freedom of Taiwan's hard work. In addition, there are continuous attempts to impact the influence of Taiwan's media environment, as well as continuously providing a large amount of funds for large -scale fake information offensives, and at the same time, it is widely used to use internal and external publicity to affect Taiwan's democracy. The freedom of the Internet, media and social media enjoyed by Taiwan citizens is being used to erode Taiwan's democracy.
She said that the fake information offensive has become one of the most difficult challenges facing democratic countries such as Taiwan. The rise of artificial intelligence benefits everyone, but also makes the false information produced and spread unprecedentedly. This makes it more difficult to stop the false information. The question is how to counter the dissemination of false information while maintaining freedom of speech?
Tsai Ing -wen pointed out that democratic countries should have limited practices of false information because they are worried about the freedom of speech. Democratic countries cannot restrict, restrict, control, and even prohibit free circulation of information. They must respect the rights of the people and give them the opportunity to decide whether to believe in a specific information.
She believes that the government and civic social forces are the ability to help everyone establish the ability to identify authenticity, false or misleading information. At the same time, it is also necessary to conduct factual verification of tribute to third -party institutions. This requires all social efforts and joint cooperation. This is we are in The way of democratic countries protects freedom of speech, and the media should play an important role here.
President Tsai emphasized that the media freedom and information integrity will affect everyone, and false information directly affects our lifestyle. Everyone should unite and discuss the most urgent issues facing the news media industry and democracy.
Editor Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/st2-06282023025915.html 
Judicial Amendment: The demonstration is about to be held at Ben-Gurian Airport. Neitanahu demands the protesters adopt a tough attitude 
Author: 半岛电视台, 阿纳多卢通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T03:06:59
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T03:06:59
Description: On Tuesday, the Israeli Prime Minister Neitaniah said that the confrontation between the demonstrators and the police in front of the judicial minister's Aliov Lavin's house was "a direct product that called for rebellion and citizens to obey. The protest leader opposed to judicial amendments announced that it would hold a demonstration at the Galian Airport next Monday.
Images: [" 1-1687919642.jpg ", " 2-1687919655.jpg "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '以色列']
Type: Article
 Protective leaders who oppose judicial amendments have announced their actions to upgrade their actions against the Government of Neitanahu(Reuters)On Tuesday, June 27, the Israeli Prime Minister Benneamine Neitama said that the confrontation that the demonstrators and the police had happened before the judicial minister Aliov Lavin's family were "direct products called for rebellion and citizens to obey." The leaders of protests against judicial amendments announced that they would hold a demonstration at the Gurian Airport next Monday.
Neitanahu added that it is time for government judicial consultants and Israeli police to take resolute action on those so -called offenders.
The Israeli police dispersed hundreds of demonstrators and arrested six of them. At that time, they were protesting the efforts of the government reform judicial system.
The demonstrators took off the rubber tires in front of the Minister of Justice.
protest upgrade 
The Israeli "Vara" website quoted the left -wing and the human rights organization signed a statement that the judicial amendment to oppose the Neitaniahu government stated that in addition to the daily protests, protests also planned to be in Tel Aviv Benben -Gurian Airport held a large -scale demonstration.
The statement also pointed out, "This will be a peaceful demonstration, to show that the struggle movement will not allow them to destroy Israel from Neitanahu and control the country's extremist groups."
 A protests against judicial amendments broke out in Israel
The Israeli Public Broadcasting Station (KAN) said that the protesters "carefully chose the date of protest at the Gurian Airport" and explained that the day will be one of the busiest days in this period, and it is expected that there will be more than 500 500 Take off international flights.
Tourism Minister Him Kart called for preventing expected riots in Gurian Airport.
negotiation failed 
When the protest leader announced the opposition to the judicial amendment, after negotiations with the opposition hosted by Israel President Aisak Herzog failed to reach a compromise, the government alliance led by Neitanahu was preparing to "reform" "reform". The legislation submits parliament to vote next week.
More than two months ago, Neitanahu announced the suspension of the "judicial reform" bill in order to reach the understanding of these bills with the opposition. Since then, under the auspices of President Israel, talks have been held between the opposition and the government alliance.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/28/%e5%8f%b8%e6%b3%95%e4%bf%ae%e6%ad%a3%e6%a1%88%e5%8d%b3%e5%b0%86%e5%9c%a8%e6%9c%ac%e5%8f%a4%e9%87%8c%e5%ae%89%e6%9c%ba%e5%9c%ba%e4%b8%be%e8%a1%8c%e7%a4%ba%e5%a8%81 
What kind of end will Porigen be faced? Here we know 
Creator: MATTHEW MPOKE BIGG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-28T03:17:14+08:00
Description: Although the Russian authorities said that the allegations against Porigon and Wagner's "armed rebellion" will be revoked, his future has many uncertainty. Analysis believes that Putin's influence has also weakened after the mutiny incident. Roman Romokhov/Agency France-Presse-Getty Images Saturday, a member of the Wagner Group in Rostov on the Don River.
Images: [" 27Ukraine-wha... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 Just three days ago, Wagner hired mercenary group was still marching to Moscow Seeing that it is about to threaten Putin's 20 -year rule in Russia. Since then, an unexpected turning point has occurred, and the rebellious leader Yefgen V. Pleigo announced that he would stop the rebellion and exile overseas.
After the dust settled, the following is what we know.
What will the end of Pryigo? 
As of Tuesday morning, the latest public image on Pryigo's appointment showed that he drove away from Rostov on the Don River on Saturday and smiled at the onlookers. Wagner has announced the occupation of the cities in southwestern Russia.
advertise
When taking these photos, he was preparing to go to the country in accordance with the agreement announced by President Lukashenko, the authoritarian leader of Belarus.(https://www.nytimes.com/2023/06/25/world/europe/belarus-lukashenko-russia-wagner.html)Essence
Lukashenko said on Tuesday afternoon that Perigo -a billionaire, once a friend of Putin -has arrived in Belarus.
On Saturday, Yofgeni Poriger smiled at the crowd when he was away from the Rostov on the banks of the River. Alexander Ermochenko/Reuters
But there is a lot of uncertainty about Pryigo's current plans. For example, where will he live, whether there is personal freedom at home and abroad, and how much influence he can exert as a Russian politician.
How the relationship between him and Putin -Putin -may be the most important issue. Some of the former allies who had conflicted with Putin were suppressed by the Russian security department.
It is unknown whether Pryigon will be allowed to act as the leader of the Wagner Group or any other identity. It is not known that Belarus has proposed that the group's armed personnel can enter the country.
What will happen to Wagner in the future? 
Russia under Putin's rule, even a mild objection will be severely punished, and the consequences of inciting rebellion are usually serious. However, the Russian authorities said on Tuesday that according to the agreement reached with Lukashenko, the allegations of the "armed rebellion" of Pryigon and the mercenaries will be revoked.
advertise
On Sunday, Russia official media report said , Wagner Force has Return They are in the Ligansk area in eastern Ukraine. Last fall, Russia's occupation did not annexes most of the territory in the region. At the same time, Lukashenko also declared on Tuesday that he would provide a base for the Wagner soldiers in Belarus, but it is unclear what the proposal conditions are, how many mercenaries will accept, and what they will do in the base.
Prior to the rebellion, Putin asked all the informal forces in Ukraine, including Wagner, had to sign contracts with the Russian Ministry of Defense. Pricigen said that this was a key reason for his rebellion.
In view of this, it is not sure whether the Russian army can absorb these soldiers at a fast speed, and it is a question of whether Zha'an can realize it. Whether the Wagner soldiers are willing to accept new official establishment, the risk of might be possible to fight is still unknown.
Saturday, demolition of Wagner's recruitment posters in the suburbs of St. Petersburg. Associated Press
Only when they return to the Ukrainian battlefield can they see their morale and determination to continue fighting. Some Ukrainian troops believe that they are the most well -equipped in the Russian army, the most active fighting, and the most threatened tactical](https://www.nytimes.com/2023/06/25/us/politics/wagner-future-ukraine-war.html?partner=IFTTT)Forces.
The war involved in Wagner was far limited to Ukraine. The Group is also Event of the Republic of China, Mali and Sudan With military assistance in exchange for compensation, including obtaining natural resources of these countries. In Mali, there is evidence that they participated in a [massacre for civilians] last year(https://www.nytimes.com/2022/05/31/world/africa/mali-massacre-investigation.html)And the "sentinel" organization dedicated to exposing the corrupted Washington has accused them of committing war crimes in the Central African Republic.
Vagna seems to be on behalf of Russia in Africa. It is unclear whether the group will continue to execute contracts on the African continent or will withdraw.
advertise
Is Putin stronger or weaker? 
Many experts said that Putin's influence is weakening due to the change of the soldiers. This may be the worst public safety threat facing Putin for more than 20 years. Analysts pointed out that for a leader who worked hard to show a tough attitude, he vowed to make the mercenary rope on Saturday, but it quickly reached an agreement. It is worth noting to make concessions.
But since then, Putin has been trying to show unity and strength Essence On Monday, he said that Perigo was a traitor and said that the Russian government's "all levels" were united to oppose the transformation. On Tuesday, Putin thanked the Russian military for "actually prevented a civil war."Part of the evaluation of Putin depends on the success of Russia on the Ukrainian battlefield, and whether the Moscow army can resist the counterattack of Ukraine this month will be a test of Putin's military authority. But Putin's main audience is domestic people.
Analyst Abas Galiamov was a written writer of the Kremlin, and later became a political adviser. He said Putin's speech on Monday was "extremely weak."
Many experts said that Putin's influence is weakening due to the change of the soldiers. Sergei Guneeev/Sputnik, Via Reuters
Having said that, in the two days of the weekend, every moment, Putin's crisis seems to be deepening, but in the next few days and weeks, he may have the opportunity to re -establish a stable halo.
This seems to be the goal of Putin on Tuesday. On the same day, he delivered a carefully arranged speech to the soldiers and security forces who stood in front of the Kremlin. This is a rare public appearance, and a red carpet was laid on the ground.
advertise
How will it affect the Ukrainian war? 
At least, the Wagner Group has experienced turmoil in the past few days. This is not a bad thing for the Ukrainian army that is gathered for counterattacks.
The question is, to what extent Kiev can use the signs of morale of the Wagner Group. Starting from July 1, some Wagner forces will be commanded by the Russian military, which may shake the organization at least in the short term.
The next question is what changes will happen to the battlefield strength of the Wagner warrior. In the long -term battle for the Bachurut, the city of Eastern Ukraine, these mercenaries, as the sudden force of Russia, were tens of thousands of casualties.
Whether this situation can be reappeared in the Russian armed forces remains to be observed, and the salary of Russian armed forces is usually lower than mercenaries.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230628/prigozhin-russia-wagner-what-we-know/ 
Russia's turbulent risk is intensified, allies may seek stop loss 
Creator: MARK LANDLER
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-28T03:27:21+08:00
Description: Putin has been on the phone with the leaders of Iran, Qatar, and other friendly countries to accept support and may promise to resume stability. Analysis believes that Putin's allies are unlikely to abandon him, but they will stop losses against Russia's further turbulent risk. A photo posted by the official media released by POOL Photo by Sergei Guneyev shows that Russian President Putin gave a speech on Tuesday. Before issuing a public statement, he called the ally.
Images: [" 27russia-glob... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 On Monday, Russian President Putin broke the silence and talked about the mortal mutiny of 200 kilometers from Moscow. Prior to this, he called the leaders of Iran, Qatar, and other friendly countries, listened to their statement support, and may also make a promise of restoring stability.
Putin took out a surprising powerful list These countries either support his war against Ukraine or to maintain neutrality. For Putin, he was eager to let the outside world see this mutual guarantee. Even after after a shocking incident last weekend The information transmitted by Russia seems to be as usual in foreign policy.
Diplomators and analysts said that although Russian friends and business partners may be disturbed by the armed rebellion of a nuclear weapon country, they are unlikely to give up Putin. They said that the situation is more likely that these partners will take precautionary measures on both sides of the risk of further turbulence in Russia.
"I was not surprised by these public statements," said the former US Ambassador to Russia Michael McCker. "Stiring the incident does not meet our interests and does not meet the interests of others. But in private, if your goal is stable, then you should worry that Putin provides this stable ability."
Michael said that the rebellion of Yofgeni Porigo provided a new opportunity for Ukraine and his allies to persuade foreign leaders from Beijing to Brazilian. It is wrong to support Russia or maintain neutrality. choose.
Wagner's mercenaries occupy the city of Rostov, Russia's Don River, less than 200 kilometers from Moscow. Associated Press
He has intricate motivation with the leaders of the alliance with Russia, whether it is ideological, strategic, business, or even pure self -protection -as shown in a few situations. They need to take out the persuasiveness that is enough to cover these motivations.
China is Putin the most important backer It treats Russia as its key to weakening the global ambitions of the United States. Although it is reported that since the crisis, President Xi Jinping has not talked to Putin, but on Monday, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs reiterated its support for Russia, calling it "a comprehensive strategic collaboration partner of friendly neighbors and the new era."
advertise
The day before, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Ruden Ke met with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang in Beijing. His interview seemed to have been arranged before the mutiny. The official Chinese media reported the meeting, saying that the two discussed the "Ukrainian crisis" and other issues.
"The worst situation that Xi Jinping can encounter is a weak Putin. He lost the war and was eventually driven down."(Evan S.Medeiros)explain. "A weak Russian will cause China to lose an ally in the competition with the United States. Maybe even worse, Xi Jinping is isolated globally and under pressure from democratic countries."
However, before publicly supporting Russia, Beijing hinted that it was dissatisfied with Putin's invasion of Ukraine in private. Although China is still Russia's main diplomatic and economic aid countries, it has stated that it will not stand in this war. This vague position seriously affects the relationship between China and Europe.
A photo released by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China shows that the Foreign Minister Qin Gang and Russia's Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Ludido held a meeting on Sunday. The meeting seemed to be arranged before the mutiny. Ministry of Foreignaffairs of the People's Republic of China, VIA Association Press
This has led to a little far away from Russia, and by arranging [Call] between Xi Jinping and Ukrainian President Zelezki(https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230427/ukraine-xi-zelensly-talks/)And propose a broad principle of peace processes Including condemnation of the use of nuclear weapons and calling for sovereignty.
"I think you will start seeing more hedge and signals," said former United States intelligence analyst to China John Califer.
In the Middle East, the same public support and private doubts are also obvious. Saudi Arabia With other Gulf countries, Russia has always ignored Russia's war on Ukraine, because they are increasingly regarded Putin as another source of security in the turbulent area, and people think that the United States is withdrawn from this area.
advertise
Since 2015, Russia has been playing this role, when it dispatched the army to intervene in the Syrian civil war. Putin's dictatorship against Syria Assad The supporters of Arab leaders are in their eyes. They and they think of the President Obama's President of Egypt Mubarak The behavior was compared.This is a reaction that can be foreseen as the authoritarian, but it covers tensions between Saudi Arabia and Russia Essence These two countries have worked together to maintain high oil prices as much as possible, but now Russia is actively selling oil at a lower price, and even when trying to support oil prices at Saudi Arabia.
Photos of the Crown Prince Mohammed Ben Salman released by the Saudi National Media. The Kremlin said that the Crown Prince supports Russia's "defending the constitutional order". Saudi Press Agency/VIAREUTERS
"The most important thing is that they once thought that they could use a more reliable Russia to balance an unreliable United States," said Martin Incheng, an outstanding researcher at the Roy Research Institute of the Foreign Relations Commission. "Now, they are facing a more unreliable and more unstable Russia."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230628/russia-putin-prigozhin-china-allies/ 
Russia is expected to replace Saudi Arabia to become China's largest oil supply country (Free Version) 
Author: Summer Said
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T03:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T03:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-28T02:16:00.000Z
Description: Russia is about to surpass Saudi Arabia, becoming China's largest oil supply country. This transformation shows that the Ukrainian war has caused the limitation of the global market influence when the global market is subversive.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001006895
Type: Article
Russia is about to surpass Saudi Arabia, becoming China's largest oil supply country. This transformation shows that the Ukrainian war has caused the limitation of the global market influence when the global market is subversive.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E6%96%99%E5%B0%86%E5%8F%96%E4%BB%A3%E6%B2%99%E7%89%B9%E6%88%90%E4%B8%BA%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%9C%80%E5%A4%A7%E7%9F%B3%E6%B2%B9%E4%BE%9B%E5%BA%94%E5%9B%BD-18df3bc6 
After the soldiers changed 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T03:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T03:20:06+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Washington, 27th) The United States imposes sanctions today. The object is the African gold mine mining activities that provide the Russian mercenary group Wagner Group. Infringement.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This sanctions against the Wagner Group had previously planned to implement it, but because the United States tried to avoid the power struggle between Russian President VladimirPutin and the leader of the mercenary group, the mercenary group, it was temporarily put on hold.
In a statement, the U.S. Treasury said sanctions against the Central African Republic, the United Arab Emperor of the Republic of China, the United Arab Arabic Principality, and Russia, which were accused of linked to the Wagner Group and its head of the head and its head of the head. The US sanctions in the United States today, including Midasressourcess, a mining company headquartered in the Central African Republic, and Diamville, the gold diamond procurement company, and the United States believes that they are controlled by Perigtin. The other two sanctions companies, one is the InndustRialresources General Trading headquarters in Dubai, and Limited Liability Company DM in Russia.
The U.S. Treasury said that these companies are engaged in illegal gold transactions in Ukraine and some countries in Africa to provide funds to maintain and expand mercenaries. Briannelson, the secondary of terrorism and financial intelligence, in charge of terrorism and financial intelligence in the US Department of Finance: "Vagna Group provides funds for its brutal actions through natural resources such as China -Africa Republic and Mali."
"The United States will continue to aim at the source of income from the Wagner Group to weaken its expansion and violence in Africa, Ukraine and other places."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E5%85%B5%E5%8F%98%E8%BF%87%E5%90%8E-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E9%92%88%E5%AF%B9%E7%93%A6%E6%A0%BC%E7%BA%B3%E9%9B%86%E5%9B%A2%E5%9C%A8%E9%9D%9E%E6%B4%B2%E7%9A%84%E9%BB%84%E9%87%91%E7%9B%AE%E6%A0%87 
Beautiful Star David Columbus will wear a red cloak as a new Superman 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T03:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T03:20:05+00:00
Description: (AFP, Los Angeles, 27th) James Gunn, director of the DC comic superhero series movie, confirmed today that the United States New Star David Koronve (David ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The 29 -year -old David Columbvi -Recently is known for performing the streaming platform Netflix mini series "Hollywood" (Hollywood). He will schedules the "Superman: Inheritance: Inheritance of WARNERBROS" in the production company "Warnerbros" in 2025. (Superman: Legacy, temporarily) as the protagonist.
This news was first disclosed by a number of Hollywood commercial journals. The content also mentioned that the movie heroine Lois Lane will be played by Rachelbrosnahan. Emmy Awards's comedy "The Marvelous Mrs.maisl" of the comedy "The Marvelous Mrs.maisl) performed a heavy performance.
James Gann wrote in the article "The Hollywood Reporter": "Accurate!(They are not only an excellent actor, but also a great person)."
In view of the position of Superman in popular culture, this role is considered one of Hollywood's most eye -catching and most watched topics. Earlier, the stars who have played Superman on the big screen include Christopherreeve, Brandon Routh, and the recent Henry Cavill.
Henry Kavier from the United Kingdom played Superman movies such as "Superman: Man of Steel" in 2013, and also played this role again in the end of "Blackadam" last year.
After the merger of Warner and Discovery, the new leadership decided to let James Gann and "Aquaman" producers who directed the "Guardians of thegalaxy" producers Peter Safran is responsible for all DC comics (DCCOMICS) superhero related movies.
Their task is to revive DC comic superhero movies. Compared to the recorded competitors Marvel, the box office, the box office of DC movies has always been behind, and has recently been frustrated in the works such as "TheFlash". James Gann and Peter Safland soon set a new direction for the entire series, and then have been busy to reshape the role of "Superman".
Other works of David Columbus include the Netflix drama "The Politician", the HBO drama "We Own Thiscity", and the horror film "Pearl".
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E7%BE%8E%E6%98%9F%E5%A4%A7%E5%8D%AB%E7%A7%91%E4%BC%A6%E6%96%AF%E9%9F%A6-%E5%B0%86%E6%8A%AB%E7%BA%A2%E6%96%97%E7%AF%B7%E6%8B%85%E4%BB%BB%E6%96%B0%E8%B6%85%E4%BA%BA 
After the war of Hermei, the Burhan announced on the first day of the Clamp of Law Festival and Washington was worried about the continued illegal behavior of Sudan 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T03:40:45
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T03:40:45
Description: Lieutenant General Abdul Fatheblhan, commander of the Sudan Army, announced on Tuesday that it unilaterally ceased fire on the first day of the Law Festival, while the US State Department had expressed concern that the two sides repeatedly violated the ceasefire agreement.
Images: [" 1-1687922603.png ", " 1-1687922654.jpg "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '苏丹']
Type: Article
 Abdul Fatak Boolean: Sudan armed forces are keen to transfer power to the civilian government (Peninsula TV) selected by the people (Peninsula TV)
Lieutenant General Abdul Fatheblhan, commander of the Sudan Army, announced on Tuesday that it unilaterally ceased fire on the first day of the Law Festival, while the US State Department had expressed concern that the two sides repeatedly violated the ceasefire agreement.
Witnesses said that the rapid support forces attacked the Sudan army's two strategic military bases in the capital Khamoum on Tuesday. Although it was announced that a unilateral truce was two days, a Sultan diplomat described to the Peninsula TV station to serve On a foreign agenda.
Boolean said in a TV speech on Tuesday night that the rebels Mohammed Hamdan Dagagal (Hermeity) and its group tried to hijack the revolution to realize their ambitions to control the country.
Burhan emphasized that the Sudan armed forces were keen to transfer power to the civilian government selected by the people.
At the same time, the Boolean added: "The conspiracy scale requires everyone to keep vigilance and prepare to deal with the survival threat facing our country. Therefore, we ask all young people and everyone in our country to Do not hesitate or procrastinate to play this country's role in his place of residence, or join the military forces to gain honor to defend the survival of the Sudan country. "
 The conflict of the Sudan capital has been upgraded, and the international community is concerned about Darfur's situation
Fast support forces attack 
Regarding the real local information, a reporter from the Peninsula TV reported that the sound of gunfire and violent artillery came from the Karari Military Region from the northern part of Enduman. The goal was the rapid support place for Khamoum and Ensiman.
Witnesses told Anadoru News Agency that the large troops of the fast support forces attacked the headquarters of the armored force in southern Katome. Essence
According to witnesses, the Army responded to the attacks suffered by the Khatoo Moumoum and Entuman headquarters and chased them on the streets of the rapid support forces.
On Monday night, Mohammed Hamdan Dgarto (Hermeti) announced that it was "unilateral off -the -world war" from Tuesday for two days, but the army did not publish any comments.
Hemeti also announced the establishment of a committee to investigate the responsibility of supporting personnel suspected of infringement of human rights and emphasized that he opposed any violations of civilians.
At the same time, a senior source of the Sudan army told the Peninsula TV that the army did not participate in the so -called "fast support forces" militia organization announced because its commitment was not sincere.
The two sides accused each other of each other for the first time, and accused the other party of illegal acts during the previous series of rest, but failed to successfully end the conflict since April 15th, which led to hundreds of people's death, thousands of people, and thousands of people. In addition, one of the poorest countries in the world also appeared in a new round of departure and shelter.
The scope of combat expansion 
At the same time, the scope of Sudan's battle was significantly expanded, and the "Sudan People's Liberation Movement (Northern Bureau)" led by Abdul Aziz Hiru attacked the Sudan army resident in Green Naolian.
The two sources at the "Malik Akal" office of the Green Nile State Government and the Sudan Sovereign Commission, Lingtong, told the Peninsula TV that the "Sudan People's Liberation Movement (North in the North (Northern People's Liberation Movement (North in the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (Northern People's Liberation Movement ( The "Bureau) The" Khor Al-Budi and Dim Mansour's strongholds in the south of Kurmuk's "Khor Al-Budi and Dim Mansour in the first time were for the first time. This is the first time that this conflict broke out.
The two sources added that the Sudan army responded to the attack and said that the Sudan People's Liberation Movement forces continued to bomb some parts of the state.
It is worth noting that the Sudan army and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement signed a ceasefire agreement, which has been valid until the current conflict broke out in mid -April.
US concerns 
Regarding international news, the U.S. State Department expressed concern about the repeated violations of the latest ceasefire agreements and re -fought in the Sudan parties.
The US State Department stated in a statement that it believes that there is no acceptable military solution that Sudan conflicts, and emphasized that it will continue to pay attention to the development of the situation and continue to consider whether further measures can be taken to investigate the responsibilities of all parties.
The US State Department also stated that once the parties show their commitments to the "Gada Declaration" clauses, the United States and their partners are preparing to restore formal talks in Gada.
Igart Initiative 
In the first comments of the African Union to resolve the Sudan conflict on the Sudan Conflict on the African Union, the African Peace and Security Council announced the full support of Igate's plan for Sudan conflict.
The Security Council praised Igart's efforts to reiterate the request of the capital Kagoum's immediately non -militaryization and unconditional stopping hostile action.
On the other hand, a familiar Sudan diplomatic source said in an interview with the Peninsula TV station that the African Union Peace and Security Council yesterday expressed support for the Sudan crisis plan yesterday. The wishes of international officials try to use the African Union to serve foreign agenda.
According to Sudan diplomats, the source added, "Sudan, a country, leadership, army, and free people, have their own right to decide, will not wait for anyone’s guidance, nor will they be interfered in their internal affairs. Responsible adventure is frightened. "
On the other hand, Aisir Alman, a spokesman for the Central Committee of Freedom and Reform, said that the armistice between the military did not stop war or reduce the pain of civilians. Essence
Acyl Alman pushed on Twitter to add that it would not have results to shorten the military dialogue, and the democratic forces needed to sit on the negotiating table with the military to open a new path.
Since the outbreak of the battle in mid -April, about 3,000 people have died and thousands of people have been injured. At the same time, hundreds of thousands of people fled to Sudan and some neighboring countries.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/6/28/%e8%b5%ab%e6%a2%85%e8%92%82%e4%bc%91%e6%88%98%e5%90%8e%e5%b8%83%e5%b0%94%e6%b1%89%e5%ae%a3%e5%b8%83%e5%ae%b0%e7%89%b2%e8%8a%82%e7%ac%ac%e4%b8%80%e5%a4%a9%e5%81%9c%e7%81%ab%e4%b8%8e%e5%8d%8e%e7%9b%9b 
Russian missile hits Wudong Restaurant 3 deaths 42 injuries 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T03:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Ukrandosk, 27th) A well -known restaurant in Kramatorsk, a town in eastern Ukraine, was hit by a Russian missile today. The relevant unit of Ukraine stated that at least 3 people lost their lives and also lost their lives, and they also lost their lives. More than 40 people were injured.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Ukrainian police said that Russia fired two S-300-to-air missiles by Clargeosk.
The Ukrainian Ministry of the Interior said in the encrypted communication body Telegram: "3 remains have been found from the ruins, including a minor born in 2008, and the injured includes a child born in 2022."
Ukraine emergency service unit pointed out in Telegram that the missile destroyed the popular Ria Pizza restaurant and caused 42 people to be injured.
At that time, a person who dining with two friends at the restaurant said, "There are many people at the scene, and the children are in the wall of broken Yuan."
After the explosion, he said that at the time of the incident, "we were leaving" and claimed that one of his friends was still "buried in the ruins."
At the scene of the crime, the crowds were quickly crowded. The fire caused by the missiles continued to burn, and people from the military and the rescue units hurriedly search for other victims.
Donetsk Governor Pavlokyrylenko said Russia launched two missiles to Claromosk. Clargeusk's population reached 150,000. It was one of the largest town controlled by the Udong region besieged by the Russian army.
A 32 -year -old chef who worked at Riya pizza said that when the missile was coming, the restaurant was "crowded with people."
He said, "I just arrived at the restaurant. At that time, I was standing there, and then I was buried."
Several nearby buildings were also damaged in this attack. Russia has invaded Ukraine in February 2022, that is, Kramosk often locks as an attack target.
Kramosk is about 30 kilometers from the front line.
When a missile attack occurred, a 19 -year -old Ukrainian soldier in the nearby said, "People tell me that they heard a plane flying through and then exploded."
He then went to the created restaurant and assisted in rescue work. He said, "A girl was trapped and injured, and they couldn't rescue her yet."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E4%BF%84%E9%A3%9E%E5%BC%B9%E5%87%BB%E4%B8%AD%E4%B9%8C%E4%B8%9C%E9%A4%90%E5%8E%85-%E9%85%BF3%E6%AD%BB42%E4%BC%A4%E6%83%A8%E5%89%A7 
"Don't understand why not": Chinese envoy supports Ukraine's "91 boundary" 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:09:12
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T04:09:12
Description: The head of the People's Republic of China in the EU said that Beijing can support Ukraine to recover the goal of territorial integrity in 1991, including Crimea -the peninsula annexed by Russia in 2014.
Images: [" 1-1687924863.png ", " 1-1687924972.png ", " 1-1687925099.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '政治', '新闻', '中国', '乌克兰', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Fu Cong, the head of the EU, the head of the EU and the Ambassador of the EU, delivered a speech at a press conference held in Beijing (Reuters)
The head of the People's Republic of China in the EU said that Beijing can support Ukraine to recover the goal of territorial integrity in 1991, including Crimea -the peninsula annexed by Russia in 2014.
In an interview with Peninsula TV and two other media recently, when Fu Cong was asked to support the Kenfu target, including recovering other Ukrainian regions currently occupied by Russia, the senior Chinese diplomat said, "I don’t understand why I don’t understand why not ","
"We respect the territorial integrity of all countries. Therefore, when China and the former Soviet Union built diplomatic relations, we also agreed. But as I said, these are historical issues and requires Russia and Ukraine to resolve. This is our position. ","
The Chinese Ambassador made the above remarks after the 2023 EU China Chamber of Commerce Summit of the EU China Chamber of Commerce on June 16 in Brussels on June 16.
In an interview with the New York Times in April, Fu Cong said that Beijing did not recognize Moscow's efforts to annex the territory such as Crimea and Donbas.
Since Ukraine's independence in the Soviet Union in 1991, Russia has annexed Crimea in 2014 and supported the divisionist uprisings in some areas of Lugusk and Donetsk in the east of Ukraine.
Although Russia claims to have sovereignty over the Crimean Peninsula and expands its occupation of Donbas, Western powers do not recognize Moscow's actions.
 Which part of the Russian and Ukraine is controlled by the control of Ukraine? Ukrainian President Zelei said that the Ukrainian army is destroying the Russian army in two major conflicts in the east and southern parts, while Moscow launched a large -scale drone attack on Kiev and other cities (Peninsula TV)
Except for Fu Cong, Chinese leaders generally do not publish public comments on Russia's annexation of Ukrainian territory.
In 2014, when the United Nations acknowledged that the Crimea annexed the referendum, China voted for abstaining votes. At that time, Liu Jieyi, then a special envoy of the United Nations in the United Nations, said: "China has always opposed to interfere with other domestic politics and respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of various countries. —The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs reiterated this position in a statement in April.
China has officially condemned the Kremlin in February 2022 to invade Ukraine, and after the Russian mercenaries threatened to launch a large -scale rebellion on Moscow on weekends, China and Vladimir Putin were still firm.
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated in a statement on Monday that "as a friendly neighbor -neighborhood and a new era comprehensive strategic collaboration partner in Russia, China supports Russia to maintain the stability of the country and achieve development and prosperity." The accidental rebellion of Ge Ren was diluted into "internal affairs".
Ambassador Fu Cong defended China's position on the Ukrainian issue, saying that he was "very clear".
He said, "We advocate peace, and we think it is important to achieve peace as soon as possible by solving differences on the negotiating table."
Beijing released a 12 -o'clock peace plan proposal in February, which aims to find "political solutions" to end the war. As part of these efforts, China sent ambassador Li Hui to Kiev, Moscow and other European countries last month.
The relationship between the European Union and China 
However, the "unlimited" partnership between Beijing and Moscow and its position on the Russian Ukraine War caused the relationship between China and the European Union to cool down.
Last week, Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang visited Europe for the first time after taking office. EU leaders urged him to take a tough attitude towards Moscow.
Baltic countries and Poland are particularly disappointed with China, and support sanctions on Beijing and reduce economic dependence.
In March of this year, Feng Delin, the chairman of the European Commission, said before visiting China that the European Union should focus on "risks" with China, rather than "decoupling".
Ambassador Fu Cong told the Peninsula TV station that although China understands the ambition of EU's establishment of elastic supply chain, the EU "should not mix economic security with national security to talk about free trade."
Ambassador Fu Cong said, "The risk of de -risk should not be another name of decoupling. The development of the EU recently on the issue of Huawei and ZTE is worrying." He refers to the ban on Huawei and ZTE proposed by the European Commission earlier this month. Participate in the proposal of 5G networks.
Ambassador Fu Cong added, "There is no evidence that they are damaging network security. We believe that these unprooped allegations violate the spirit of fair competition and fair competition, and Europe actually claims to be the champion."
 Can Europeans persuade China to change the Ukrainian war?
In addition to the ban, the European Union last week against Moscow's eleventh sanctions on Moscow, a Chinese entity that is allegedly supported by the "Russian military and industrial consortia invasion of the Ukraine War".
Prior to the announcement of more sanctions, Ambassador Fu Cong said that China has not promised to prevent enterprises from helping Russia, but he hopes to "dialogue and eliminate misunderstandings."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/6/28/%e4%b8%8d%e6%98%8e%e7%99%bd%e4%b8%ba%e4%bb%80%e4%b9%88%e4%b8%8d%e4%b8%ad%e5%9b%bd%e7%89%b9%e4%bd%bf%e6%94%af%e6%8c%81%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b091%e8%be%b9%e7%95%8c 
Xi Jinping's book sales include the top 5 books sales in May and June 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:25:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:07:38-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Xi Jinping's book Reuters picture [AUDIO-LINK: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/kejiaowen/gt1-0628202304441.html/@stream]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/kejiaowen/gt1-06282023042441.html/@@stream)When it comes to best -selling books, people will naturally think of professional writers. But do you know, the sales of Chinese leaders Xi Jinping's works and the Communist Party's constitution, such as the Chinese Communist Party Constitution, include the top five book sales in China in May and June. Among the top 20 best -selling books, 7 were Xi Jinping's work and speech.
How much do you know about the publishing fee of "Xi Jinping's Writing and Reading"? Return to personal worship: the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China ordered colleges and universities to learn "Xi Jinping's Works Selection and Reading" According to the top 20 in the first half of the first half of the first half of the June Best Selling Books released by Sohu.com's "China Publishing Media News Daily" account, the first one is the second volume of "Xi Jinping's Writing Reading", and the second is "Selected Reading of Xi Jinping". One volume, the third is the Constitution of the Communist Party of China, the fourth is the "Twenty Reports of the Communist Party of China", and the fifth is "Xi Jinping Talking about the Governance of the Country" and the sixth is the "Outline of Xi Jinping's New Age of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era". The seventh ranking is "I have never been so nostalgic for the world". This combined history of Tiesheng, Wang Zengqi, Liang Shiqiu, Ji Xianlin, Xu Zhimo, and Yu Guangzhong's 13 well -known writers are involved in the world. They are all related books related to Xi Jinping. In addition, in the list of social science books, the top ten sales are Xi Jinping's works and Xi Jinping's ideological topics and discussions.
In the first half of 2023, the total list of book sales in the first half of the month. (Sohu.com "China Publishing Media News Daily" account picture) Zhejiang scholar Jiang Yi said in an interview with this station on Wednesday (28th) that the phenomenon of leaders' works in the Chinese book market in the Chinese book market once appeared in the Cultural Revolution. He said: "China's highest leader has once again dominated the list of books, and the era of political coach has come again. As a book market, there are many types of works. Very boring. Xi Jinping's works can actually occupy half of the book sales market.
Political books are a must -have Chinese party and government officials 
Jiang Yi believes that no one watched the Communist Party of China "People's Daily", but its sales were still very large. That was because party and government departments at all levels must subscribe, and they were subscribed by public funds. Xi Jinping and the CCP's books on the construction of the Communist Party of China were the same.
In the second half of May, the Book Sales Ranking Gang, Xi Jinping, the Communist Party Constitution, and the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China still occupied the top 20. Miss Wang, a former book manager of Nanjing University, told this station that they have to buy a large number of such political books every month: "If the superior has tasks, buy it with public funds and send it to everyone, and don't pay for it yourself."
Figure: List of Social Science Book Sales Sales Book Sales in the first half of 2023. Middle picture: General List of Book Sales of the Complete Category Books in the second half of 2023. Right: The list of social science book sales in the second half of May 2023. (Sohu.com "China Publishing Media News Daily" account picture) Chinese objections Ji Feng told this station that China seems to enter the "Cultural Revolution" version 2.0. This phenomenon is very similar to the "Cultural Revolution period." The publishing is the money of taxpayers, which has nothing to do with the market economy. This is related to political propaganda and correct politics, which is the same as that of Mao Zedong's selection. "
The publishing industry for more than forty years from the opening to restoration 
Feng Chongyi, a professor at the University of Science and Technology of Sydney, Australia, said in an interview with this station that more than 40 years of reform and opening up in China, the publishing industry has finally improved, but in recent years, the publishing industry has been monopolized by the party culture. He said, "How can you go back to such a level at once, you are to ordinary people, don't say the publishing industry, professor, scholars, this is the insult to people's IQ. At this point is the sadness of the entire nation. We call it the restoration of totalitarianism. "
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Xu Shuting Jiayuan Network Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/kejiaowen/gt1-06282023042441.html 
IEA urges oil and gas companies to take out a small amount of profits to reduce methane emissions (Free Version) 
Author: Will Horner
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T04:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-28T03:22:00.000Z
Description: The International Energy Agency stated on Tuesday that all oil and gas companies only need to take out a small amount of profits to minimize methane emissions as much as possible, and they can have more effective effects in curbing greenhouse gas emissions, but they have been lacking in action.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001013033
Type: Article
International Energy Agency(INTERNATIONAL ENERGY AGENCY (IEA)It is said on Tuesday that all oil and gas companies only need to take out a small amount of profits to minimize methane emissions as much as possible, and they can have more efficiency in curbing greenhouse gas emissions, but they have been lacking in action.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/iea%E6%95%A6%E4%BF%83%E6%B2%B9%E6%B0%94%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8%E6%8B%BF%E5%87%BA%E5%B0%91%E9%87%8F%E5%88%A9%E6%B6%A6%E6%9D%A5%E5%87%8F%E5%B0%91%E7%94%B2%E7%83%B7%E6%8E%92%E6%94%BE-3c3c75fc 
The White House is looking forward to providing momentum for "Biden Economics" 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T04:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 27th) U.S. President Biden Biden will be successfully re -elected next year's presidential election. He will be fierce in economic issues. This week, he will bring out "Biden Economics" to voters, hoping to provide momentum for election campaigns.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to Agence France-Presse, after Bynden's economy that was destroyed by COVID-19 (2019 coronary virus disease) was destroyed, it was plagued by high inflation and supply of disconnection. Exam.
The results of the polls conducted by the US Broadcasting Corporation News Network (ABCNEWS) and the Washington Post in May show that in terms of who is more good at dealing with economic issues, the former president of the scandal is also a competitor in the 2024 election of Biden 2024 in the 2024 election competitors. Trump even led 18 percentage points.
With the reshaping of the image this week, Biden will make a speech in Chicago tomorrow, and the White House believes that this can reverse the situation.
Character".
This slogan was intentionally condemned the former US President Ronaldream Ronaldream RonaldReagan's "Reaganomic" during his term of office of the president. ) The concept has led to the prosperity of the US economy.
The White House said that Biden was going to end "Reagan Economics".
Laelbrainard, director of the National Economic Council, told reporters: "He (Biden) refuses to accept trickle economics.
Dalton said Biden will focus on the belief that "to promote the growth of the middle class to develop the economy."
One of the great claims of Biden was that the huge government expenditure plan that he was implemented during his first term will stimulate long -term expansion, lead the reconstruction of the US manufacturing strength, and improve the living standards of the less rich population in the United States.
The major bill adopted by the US Congress has invested historic huge funds for green energy technology and semiconductors, and invested at least 550 billion US dollars to improve domestic roads, bridges and other infrastructure.
Branard pointed out that the trickle theory of the Reagan era has led to the hollow of the American industrial city, the industry has moved out, and the ambitious infrastructure upgrade plan has also been abandoned.
She said that in comparison, Biden's heavy tax industry policy is using government funds as a catalyst to promote "the growth of manufacturing construction expenditures for private sectors."
Polls show that Biden is rarely recognized in low unemployment and overall optimistic economy. Although the peak of inflation has fallen slowly after the epidemic peak, it is still the main concerns of voters.
Dalton pointed out that as the projects funded by Biden's plan finally started, the American people would have different views on things. (Translator: Xu Ruicheng/Calculating Draft: Li Peishan)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E7%99%BD%E5%AE%AB%E4%B8%BA-%E6%8B%9C%E7%99%BB%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E5%AD%A6-%E9%80%A0%E5%8A%BF-%E7%9B%BC%E4%B8%BA%E9%80%89%E6%88%98%E6%8F%90%E4%BE%9B%E5%8A%A8%E8%83%BD 
How does ordinary Americans think that China will influence Sino -US relations 
Creator: IAN PRASAD PHILBRICK
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:51:49+08:00
Description: According to polls, the US public's views on China are similar to the Soviet Union on the eve of the Cold War. Although the leaders of the United States and China have repeatedly refused to avoid the cold war conflict, the negative views of the US public opinion may make it difficult for the two countries to repair bilateral relations. POOL Photo By FENG Li is now called Chinese or unfriendly opponents.
Images: [" 00up-cold-war... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 As the tension between the two countries continues to intensify, President Biden and Chinese leader Xi Jinping 1 Again Reject Absolutely And cold War Compare.
But the efforts of repairing the relationship may encounter an obstacle: public opinion. According to the polls, on the eve of the Cold War in the late 1940s, Americans' opinions on the hostile, pessimistic, and poor soldiers of the Soviet Union have amazing similarities with their attitude towards China today. Although it is not too much in common, and the environment is different, this may still lead to the complexity of avoiding the efforts of the Cold War conflict.
What happened in common 
In the two different eras, Americans' views on the Soviet Union and China have deteriorated rapidly from a very positive position.
advertise
During the "World War II" period, the United States and the Soviet Union were all ally, and based on Public Opinion Survey archived by the Rogo Center Most Americans recognize the cooperation between the two countries in most of 1945. However, with the end of the "World War II", the Soviet Union had swallowed in some parts of Eastern Europe, and the US public opinion appeared reversal. By 1946, three -quarters of Americans no longer agree Soviet foreign policy.
Americans have also appeared similar to China's views. Around 2000 to 2016, the proportion of Americans who held a positive point of view of China was equivalent. But this situation changed in 2018. At that time, the former President Trump's Anti -China speech and trade war Make many Americans's point of view sharply. New crown epidemic, China Large -scale Destruction Muslims [ To Russian partnership , Biden's remarks on "American and China Competition" and Chinese spy balloon incidents have made Americans think of China Speed to history most Low point 。
"The root of this change lies in alienation," Dabo, Director of the Institute of Kissinger, Woodro Wilson Center(RobertDaly)express. "This kind of alienation not only has the feeling of the Cold War, but also a feature of the Cold War."
In 1948, when the Soviet Union blocked West Berlin, most Americans believed that even the risk of war The United States should also be located in the local army. Today, most Americans believe that more importantly than doing a good relationship with China, preventing Taiwan from being invaded It provided weapons for it when it was invaded by China and used the US Navy frustration of blockade measures Essence In 1949, nearly half of Americans thought the United States and the Soviet Union started war. It's just a matter of time "Now, two -thirds of Americans believe that China's military forces will constitute the United States in the next decade" major threats "" ".
Of course, the situation of the two years is not exactly the same. Most Americans Support and reduce trade with China , But the economic connection between the two countries is far closer than the United States and the Soviet Union. In the 1940s, most Americans Support Dispatch Army Defend Europe to avoid falling into the Soviet Union; but most Americans do not support troops to Taiwan. Americans are more worried about terrorism And other foreign policy issues , Not China. At present, it is believed that the United States and China are "competition" (Bayeng Government more tendency to say ) Americans Far Comparison There are many Americans in the Cold War in the United States and China.
advertise
Nevertheless, the information about China from the United States leaders is still extremely negative. "This emotion has penetrated into the general public," said Richard Herman, a professor of international relations and public opinion at Ohio State University.
Feedback cycle 
The worsening of public opinion in turn can make US -China relations worse.
This sounds a bit incredible; most Americans do not pay much attention to foreign policies because it is often far from their daily life. But the international issues that make them are usually politicians, experts and news media often talk about topic of. Once public opinion solidify a certain foreign policy issue (like the increasing Chinese issue), political leaders usually pay attention Essence "This often sets up a policies for policy makers," said Dina Smelz of the Chicago Global Affairs Commission, and the committee started polls on the American attitude towards China.
The hostility of the public will stimulate the wording and actions of leaders to fight well, and the reporter then passs this tough posture back to the public. As a result, a feedback cycle was caused, incidents, leaders' words and deeds, media reports and public opinion to strengthen each other.
If the public emotions have crossed the boundaries of the party The feedback cycle will become stronger, just like most of the Cold War, the problem of Chinese problems is getting the same (but the hostile to the Republican party for China is still higher Democratic Party and independent people). "Toughness to China seems to be one of the minority issues that Washington Republicans and Democrats can reach a consensus," said Harvard Political Scientist Joshua Keze in an email.In 1968, shortly after the announcement of the bombing of Vietnam, President Johnson (left) and the consultant met with former President Eisenhower (right). Yoichi R. Okamoto/L.B.J.library Collection
In this way, the decision -making of political leaders can shape both public opinion and be shaped by public opinion. The early Cold War confirmed this relationship. In 1947, President Truman announced that the United States supported a country that supported the "totalitarian regime". The so -called "Trumanism" used and deepened the enemy's hostility. Kennedy close attention How other countries think of the US -Soviet military forces' balance of public opinion, which prompted him to restart the atmospheric nuclear test and accelerate the space plan in the United States. Kennedy's successor Johnson sent troops to Vietnam, partly because of worrying that the Communist Party's seizure of power political consequences 。
Last week, Secretary of State Brills met with Chinese Chairman Xi Jinping in Beijing. POOL Photo by Leah Millis
Biden recently predicts that US -China relations will be "thaw" , But he was last week Xi Jinping is a dictator , Later, I also refuse to take back This statement was so angry that China was angry. When the Secretary of State Brills visited China this month tried to ease the relationship between the two parties, it was Republican [[ Essence The election of 2024 is coming, and the Republican challenger of Biden has called him weak to China. "Public opinion orientation sets the upper limit for the frozen results in expectations," Bai Jiexi, political scholar of Cornell University(Jessica Chen Weiss)express.
Public opinion may have questioned Biden's strategy. While serving as a consultant of the State Council from 2021 to 2022, Bai Jiexi Profile Establishing a "peaceful coexistence" should be a deterrent to China than provocative. However, she said that senior government officials believe that the bottom line that the United States can accept is "responsible control of competition", which is the keywords used by officials to describe the current policy. "I think this is the orientation of public opinion -that is, public discourse, not just a poll -an example of indirect impact," she said. (The White House did not comment on her remarks.)
advertise
Under Xi Jinping's leadership, the attitude of Chinese public opinion to the United States has also turned to negative Tough This may also hinder the ease of relations between the two countries. Academic research shows that even in a country where politicians do not rely on elected, public opinion will still affect the decision -making of leaders Essence "The public strongly requires leaders to take action," Koze said. "Then it will fall into such a situation, and the upgrade of one party will lead to the upgrade of the other party."
"The situation is already like this" 
Does this mean that the United States and China are destined to see for decades with the cold war attitude? uncertain. However, the cold relationship may be self -fulfilling. The Cold War thinking of the two countries is more likely to lead to the upgrade of Taiwan issues. "The current public opinion data shows that if China invades Taiwan, the domestic response will be very fierce," Koze said. This may also damage American allies And relying on the Chinese economy Enterprise The interests lead to the termination of cooperation and diplomacy. Anti -China emotions also seem to have encouraged [attack incidents] for Asians and Americans(https://www.nytimes.com/2022/03/06/nyregion/asian-woman-attacks.html) Increase Essence
Others believe that the Cold War framework helps prevent the tension from deteriorating. "We have been involved in global competition with China," Dabo said. "I am not supporting or predicted the Cold War. I am objectively statement, and the situation is already the case." He also said that admitting that such a reality "can inspire the eagle and bring motivation to the peacetale."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230628/us-china-cold-war/ 
U.S. officials say Russia's senior generals are known before the Wagner soldiers 
Creator: JULIAN E. BARNES,HELENE COOPER,ERIC SCHMITT
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-28T05:10:21+08:00
Description: U.S. officials said that the former Russian Ukraine battlefield Supreme Commander Surovin was involved in the planning plan. Surovijin will no longer hold the position in January this year. It is unclear whether Perigo has received the support of some high -level characters in Russia. Sputnik/Reuters Russian President Putin and Surovijin were taken in 2017. U.S. officials are trying to find out whether Surovijin has assisted Pricig's plan to rebel Russia's leadership.
Images: [" 28dc-russia-m... ", " 28dc-russia-m... ", " 27dc-russia-m... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 According to the US officials who have heard the relevant briefings of the American intelligence industry, a senior Russian general knows that Yofgen Ni Porigeng is an admission plan for the Russian military leadership. Whether the leader has received the support of some high -level characters.
These U.S. officials say they are trying to find out whether General Sergey Surovin, the top commander of the former Russian Ukraine battlefield, has participated in the planning of Pryigon's reconnaissance last weekend. Severe threat.
Analysts said that Surovijin was a prestigious general. After the counterattack of Ukraine last year, he participated in the construction of the front of the front of the front. In January of this year, his top commander was replaced, but he was still influenced on the operation of the war and was also very popular in the army.
U.S. officials also said that there are signs that some Russian generals may support Pricig's plans to change the personnel of the Ministry of Defense's leadership. The predecessor and current US officials said that if they were not convinced that other power figures would help, Perigo would not initiate a mutiny.
If Surovijin participated in the incident last weekend, it will be the latest signs of the Russian leadership in the Ukrainian War of Putin, perhaps the supporters of Purigjin and the two senior military advisers of Putin -national defense Minister Sergei K. Shihaygou and Chief of Staff Valreri Vlasimov — have wider differences between.
And this internal fighting may also determine the future of the Russian army in the Ukrainian battlefield. Western -supported troops are launching a new round of counterattack, intending to recapture territories occupied by Moscow.
Officials said that Putin must make a decision now, whether to believe that Surovijin has assisted Pricigen and how to react.
On Tuesday, Russia's domestic intelligence agencies said that criminal allegations against the "armed rebellion" of Porigen and their subordinates have been revoked. However, officials and analysts said that if Surovijin has more direct assistance to Pritigon, Putin will have no choice but to dismiss them.
Several former officials said that if Putin determined that Surovijin only knew Poliger's plan, but did not assist, then he might not be investigated. Analysts said that at present, Putin seems to be inclined to blame the soldiers on Prige.
 Poliger, the founder of the private mercenary group Wagner, was appointed in Moscow in April. Yulia Morozova/Reuters
"Putin is unwilling to replace," said Alexander Bonov, a senior researcher of Carnegie Russia's Eurasian Center. "But if some documents have been placed on Putin's desk, it shows that Surovin's participation is different."
Senior U.S. officials said that the relationship between Surovijin and Porigon's ally can explain why the latter could be exempted from death, although he occupied an important Russian army and ordered to marry Moscow.
Due to sensitive information, US officials and others requested anonymous on the interview with this article. They emphasized that the United States and their allies have only a preliminary grasp of the situation to a large extent. Because of the concerns of promoting Putin's words, it was said that the West planned these turbulence behind him, and US officials refused to discuss the rebellion publicly.
Nevertheless, US officials are still willing to promote information that might shake the status of Surovin. They think he is more capable and ruthless than other commanders. His step down is undoubtedly profitable to Ukraine.
The Russian Embassy did not respond to the request for comment.
In a video released by Surovin, he publicly opposed the rebellion in a video. He urged the Russian army in Ukraine to adhere to the position and not to join the mutiny.
"I urged you to stop," said the news released on Telegram. "The enemy is just waiting for the internal political situation of our country to deteriorate."
But a former official said the information looked like a "hostage video". The former official said that the body language of Surovijin showed that condemning the former allies made him feel uneasy, and Perigo's view of the Russian military leadership was consistent with him.
There are other signs that there are differences in high levels. Another Russian general Vladimir Alekseyev also appealed in the video that any action against the Russian government is "stabbing the knife behind the country and the president." But a few hours later, he appeared in another video and chatted with Perigef in Rostov on the Russon River. Wagner armed elements occupied the city's military facilities.
Former US Ambassador to Russia Michael McCker said in an interview with a telephone interview, "Too many strange things happened. In my opinion, this shows that there is a collusion that we haven't figured out."
"It is easy to think about capturing Rostov," McCier said. "Russia is armed guards everywhere. Suddenly, no one is doing something around?"
 Putin and Surovijin were photographed in December last year, when the latter was awarded the three -level St. George Medal. However, a month later, Surovijin was dismissed by the commander of the Ukrainian war. POOL Photo Bymikhael Klimentyev/EPA, VIA Shutterstock
Independent experts, US and allies officials said that Porigen believes that when his 8,000 Wagner soldiers marry Moscow, most of the Russian troops will stand on his side.
Former officials said that Surovin did not support Putin stepped down, but seemed to agree to Purigko's view, thinking that Haguku and Gracorov needed to be dismissed.
"Surovijin is a meritorious general with a complex history," said Dala Maxict, a senior policy researcher at Rand. "It is said that he was respected by the soldiers and thought it was very capable."
Both Surovijin and Porigon had argued with Hagodg and Gracorph due to tactics used in Ukraine. Although the overall performance of the Russian army in this war was generally laughed at unsatisfactory, analysts attributed Russia's one of the few victories to Surovin and Perigo.
The limited success of Su Luojin was a professional operation to the Russian army withdrawn from Hermone. Last fall, they were almost surrounded there and were cut off. According to the intercepted communication information, US officials concluded that the frustrated Surovijin represents a group of hard -line generals who intend to use the most powerful tactics of Ukraine.The entire process of Russia's military operation in Ukraine has a feature that it is to replace the general's chair game. Last fall, when Surovijin was ordered to be responsible for the Russian army in Ukraine, he was already the second person who won the position, and the previous general took less than a year. Surovijin's term is not long, but while he was in charge of power, the Russian army performed greatly.
However, by January of this year, Surovijin was surrendered, and Putin gave the direct command of the war to Glasimov, who promised to allow the Russian army to re -enter the offensive state. Military and Russian analysts said that the surrender of Surovijin is generally a crackdown on Pryigon.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230628/russian-general-prigozhin-rebellion/ 
Many Christians in Shunde were sentenced to a pastor in Guangzhou and ordered to join the official church 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T05:20:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:07:08-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Deng Yanxiang, a preacher of the Shengjia Church in Shunde, Guangdong, preaches and his wife Shaoting The believers provide Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/shehui/gt2-06282023018.html/@@stream Four Christians of the Shengjia Church in Shunde, Guangdong have been criminally detained by the authorities for more than a month. In addition, the Church of the Guangzhou Bible Guizhi was constantly harassed by the authorities.
"Fa cannot be prohibited for freedom" The Guangdong church was fined and summoned due to the party One family church in Heshan, Guangdong was shocked by six people and was taken away On Sunday (25th), Shanting, the wife of Deng Yanxiang, a preacher of the Shengjia Church in Shunde, Guangdong, issued a letter of prayer that his husband was printed by Christians for study and was used as a study. The detention has been detained for more than 30 days, and is currently detained at the detention center. Her ten -year -old son is asking, "When can my dad go home?"
According to Rev. Chen Zheng, who is close to the church, in an interview with this station this Wednesday, he already learned that Deng Yanxiang was arrested: "Brother Deng Yanxiang was arrested, he was a very good brother and was very loving. He participated in the participation. What has been printed? If you do n’t let go of people for thirty days, they are generally arrested for criminal detention and facing sentence. He is not from Shunde, but has lived in Shunde for more than 20 years. He was originally a businessman. "
4 Christians in Shunde face criminal prosecution 
According to the news network of China Aid News, on May 24, Shengjia Church was impacted by the police and took away four believers including Deng Yanxiang. At that time, dozens of people from police, the Civil Affairs Bureau, and the community personnel forcibly search for the church, looked at the private items of the believers, and took the church's computers, tables and chairs, and teaching items. Officials also posted seals on the church. The next day, the family of four arrested people received a 30 -day notice of criminal detention, suspected of being "suspected of illegal operation." In addition to Deng Yanxiang's preaching, the arrested people also have Zhu Longjiang, Wang Weicai, and Zhu Qiaoling. They are now detained at the Detention Center in Nanhai District, Shunde.
The church believers believe that the family church they participated in was protected by the Chinese "religious freedom white paper", and the believers printed internal learning materials themselves were not illegal.
Rev. Guizheng in Guangzhou was threatened and followed 
In addition, the Guangzhou Bible Guizhi Church has recently been harassed by government personnel. According to a priest close to the church, a priest who did not want to disclose his name told reporters that the authorities put pressure on the church pastor Huang Xiaoning and asked him to join the official three self -churches, otherwise he managed to sue it. The priest said that the Bible's Church has been banned by the authorities many years ago, but believers gathered as usual: "Because the church never believes that the government's ban is correct, it refuses to obey. Take the legal procedure to seize people and make their sins, they are willing to bear it. "
Figure: During the Dragon Boat Festival, when the Bible of the Guangzhou Bible returned to the church, the authorities were searched by the authorities. Right: The Pastor of the Church of the Guangzhou Bible, Huang Xiaoning's house lock, was maliciously destroyed. (Network picture/Shi Ting provided) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-28T05-20-00-04-00/000003.png) The public prayer letter from the Guangzhou Bible Guizhi Church this Monday stated that the church pastor Huang Xiaoning was interviewed by four officials from the Minzong Bureau of Panyu District and the Political and Legal Committee of Panyu District, Foshan, asking them to join the Three Self -Church and inform them that they had already A project team specializing in the Church of the Guangzhou Bible is established. The government hopes that Huang Xiaoning will leave Panyu and ask the church about dedication.
Rev. Zhang said that at present, Rev. Huang Xiaoning is tracked by plain clothes when he goes out: "On Monday, on Tuesday, the Municipal Law Commission and the Public Security Bureau were found Huang Xiaoning. Rev. Huang was tracked as soon as he went out. No matter where he went, he followed him. Someone followed. Moreover, government officials drove Rev. Huang through the landlord, and they were not allowed to live. "
According to reports, on May 7, the five branches of the Bible Guizhi Church's six branches were also affected by the government personnel. The chairman, the preacher and the co -workers were taken away, and were released in a few hours. On June 4, the church was hit again. The police broke into the hotel conference room where the church rented a party to dispel the believers from the party. At 10 o'clock on the evening of the 21st, Rev. Huang Xiaoning's home was broken and his eyes were blocked.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Xu Shuting Jiayuan Network Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/gt2-06282023052018.html 
The "Belt and Road" initiative to support the global economy (Free Version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T05:24:40+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T01:24:99+08:00
Description: Experts said that China ’s investment in the Middle East is born in response to the market. Both infrastructure and other constructions are the market -oriented mechanism. The influence of China in the Middle East still depends on the deep relationship.
Images: [" 000175732_pic... "]
Themes: ['夏季达沃斯', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '一带一路', '中东关系']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Society, marine, e -commerce, technology, people's livelihood, humanities and other fields.
On June 27, at the Summer Davos Forum held in Tianjin, a sharing meeting with the theme of the "Belt and Road" initiative was held. Wan Ye, a professor at Beijing Normal University, pointed out at the meeting that the "Belt and Road" initiative was in the past ten Over the years, it is rooted in the thick earth and conforms to the trend of the times, and will be stable and far away in the future. At the same time, the "Belt and Road" will provide comprehensive support for the global economic recovery, and truly realize the hard Unicom, Soft Unicom and Xinlian. Become a contributor to global growth. "
Professor Wan Ye said that "the hard Unicom of infrastructure is an important direction of the" Belt and Road ". In the past, Laos was once called" the roof on the Central South Peninsula ". The total mileage of the operation is only 3.5 kilometers. The opening of the "Lao and Lao Railway" has made it a golden channel, which brings a lot of benefits to Laos' economy, tourism, and people's livelihood. "The data shows that in 2022, Laos Laos Laos La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La Laos Laosa Langprabon Province The number of tourists has exceeded 500,000, and the total consumption of tourists is US $ 216 million. In 2023, nearly 1 million tourists received tourists in Langprabon. It is estimated that it will earn more than 360 million US dollars from the tourism industry.
SEKainzenza, Minister of Industry and Commerce, Zimbabwe, shared on the Davos Forum that "the" Belt and Road "has a particularly realistic significance to us, because Zimbabwe is a inland country. On the one hand, the challenge we face is logistics transportation, on the other hand, energy sources are energy sources. The gap, and the "Belt and Road" initiative just aimed at these shortcomings to help Zimbabwe strengthen investment and trade. Similar projects not only carried out in Zimbabwe, but also carried out other countries in southern Africa. "
Zimbabwe is a country that produces avocado. Data show that about 80%of the avocado varieties produced and consumed all over the world are exported from Zimbabwe. The transportation of avocado requires a complete logistics and transportation foundation. The infrastructure projects in the “Belt and Road” initiative just make up for this shortcoming. Earlier, Stella Elierva, a senior economist of the World Bank, said that Zimbabwe's economy has continued to improve and shows vitality. It is expected that the country's economy is expected to grow by 3.6%in 2023, slightly higher than the 3.4%growth rate in 2022.
At the meeting, China's electric vehicle industry also attracted much attention. Former Austrian Prime Minister Sebastiankurz believes that electric vehicle transformation will be an industry with huge potential that China and Europe can cooperate. " It turns out that the most advanced manufacturing industry in the world is in Europe. Now China has made a precedent for the advanced technology and expertise in battery production, occupying a place in the electric vehicle market. "
Faced with the weird situation of Yunbao's weirdness, the "Belt and Road" also plays its own role. Professor Wan Ye of Beijing Normal University responded to a reporter from FT Chinese website that "China's investment in the Middle East is born in response to the market. Both infrastructure construction and the construction of other projects are market -oriented. China The influence still depends on the relationship between deep and practical. "As of now, 19 countries in the Middle East have joined the" Belt and Road ". Since 2010, China has gradually surpassed the United States to become the first trading partner of the Middle East.
(This article only represents the author's point of view. Editor -in -chief email: tao.feng@ftchinese.com)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100105 
Japan into the chip battlefield (Free Version) 
Author: Jacky Wong
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T05:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T05:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-28T03:52:00.000Z
Description: Funds with a state -owned background in Japan propose to acquire JSR, the world's largest photoresistic manufacturer, indicating that Japan is increasing its industrial policies to ensure that the country's key links in the semiconductor supply chain are in a leadership, and its semiconductor manufacturing industry is re -entered.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001012208
Type: Article
Small semiconductor chips have become the core of competition in great powers.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%AC%E6%9D%80%E5%85%A5%E8%8A%AF%E7%89%87%E6%88%98%E5%9C%BA-18433ba4 
Wagner's heads of Belarus have worried about NATO's words to resist the threat 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T05:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T05:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hague, 27th) After Belarus accepted the head of the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group, Jens Stoltenberg, the Secretary -General of the North Atlantic Convention (NATO), said that NATO has prepared to resist "from Moscow or Ming Any threat of Sk ".
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Steten Berg said that NATO will agree to strengthen national defense in the summit next week in Lithuania to defend all member states, especially countries that borders Russia's allies Belarus.
Steten Berg told the media that the consequences of the Wagner Group leader "Yevgenyprigozhin) to Belarus, now the final judgment is still too early, and his troops are too early, and his troops Some may also be in Belarus. "
Steten Berg said after dinner with the leaders of the 7th countries in TheHAGUE, "It is clear that we have conveyed clear messages to Moscow and MINSK authorities, that is, NATO to defend all allies allies in NATO Every inch of Territory with NATO ".
"Therefore, no matter what your views on the Wagner's operations, Moscow and Minsk have no room for misunderstanding in our ability to resist any threats for the allies."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E7%93%A6%E6%A0%BC%E7%BA%B3%E9%A6%96%E8%84%91%E8%BF%9B%E7%99%BD%E4%BF%84%E6%8E%80%E5%BF%A7%E8%99%91-%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E7%9F%A2%E8%A8%80%E6%8A%B5%E5%BE%A1%E5%A8%81%E8%83%81 
The Chairman of the Military Commission of the US Congress and Cai Yingwen met: The common value of the United States and Taiwan is unswervingly supporting Taiwan 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T05:35:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T07:11:21-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On the afternoon of the 28th, Cai Yingwen met with cross -party members led by the Chairman of the Military Commission of the House of Representatives and the Republican Party Mike Rogers. Provided by the Presidential Palace of Taiwan.
In Taiwan, President Tsai Ing -wen received a total of 9 cross -party members led by the Chairman of the Military Commission of the United States House of Representatives and the Republican Party member Mikerogers. She said that she would like to thank the US Congress for the long time to pay attention to the safety of Taiwan's party for the safety of Taiwan, and also expressed support for Taiwan with practical actions. Tsai Ing -wen emphasized that Taiwan, as the first line of defense to protect democratic values, will continue to cooperate with the United States in the field of economy and national defense to protect the peace and stability of the Indian area. She pointed out that she was looking forward to exchanging opinions with the group members and seeking closer cooperation and development for Taiwan and the United States.
Rogers, chairman of the Military Commission of the Federal House of Representatives, said that the United States has long -term and important friendship with Taiwan. We share many common values, including the rule of law, democracy, and freely open Indo -Pacific region. He said that these common values have deepened our friendship, and we can see from the members of this visiting delegation that our support for Taiwan is a cross -party and unswerving.
According to a press release issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the members of the same regiment include the Military Commission Democratic Chief Member of the Democratic Party, Adam Smith, the Chief Member of the Democratic Party of the Military Commission, Joecourtney, and the chief of Democratic Party of the Military Commission of the Military Commission. (John Garamenti), Federal Representative Jilltokuda, Federal Representative David Rouzer, Federal Representative Gary Palmer, Federal Councilor Jamesmoylan, and Federal Representative Cory Mills) et al.
The Taiwan Foreign Ministry said that this is the first time in recent years with the chairman of the Federal Council Military Commission and chief member of the Council to visit Taiwan. The members cover the two -party leader of the committee and the important groups of their subordinates.
Editor Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/st3-06282023052639.html 
Alibaba's valuation is still cheap, but Bernstein is worried that it is a "value trap" 
Author: Emily Bary
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T05:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T05:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-28T04:25:00.000Z
Description: Bernstein's analyst just lowered Alibaba rating. Although he acknowledged that the company's valuation was "still very cheap", he was worried that competition issues and harsh marketing atmosphere would make it difficult for his stock price to rise.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股市']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
A just lowered Alibaba Group Holding Co., Ltd.(Alibaba group holding ltd., baba, 9988.hk, abbreviated: Alibaba)Analysts of rating said that Alibaba's stock may be a "value trap".
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E9%98%BF%E9%87%8C%E5%B7%B4%E5%B7%B4%E4%BC%B0%E5%80%BC%E4%BB%8D%E5%BE%88%E4%BE%BF%E5%AE%9C-%E4%BD%86bernstein%E6%8B%85%E5%BF%83%E6%98%AF-%E4%BB%B7%E5%80%BC%E9%99%B7%E9%98%B1-fbb71c73 
Talking about Angola youth: Young people urgently need a lot of skill training. Chinese enterprises are the key sources (Free Version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T06:35:09+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T02:24:99+08:00
Description: Oscar told me, "China Enterprise and Angola's government have cooperated in the field of education in universities. Angola's population structure is very young, and the government is promoting young people to receive education. We all need them in all aspects of skills."
Images: [" 000092839_pic... "]
Themes: ['夏季达沃斯', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '安哥拉', '非洲']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Outside the theme branch of "Cultivating New Skills for Fast Development" on June 28, I met OSCAR JAIME Antonio from Angola. Oscar is a participating representative from GlobalShaper. Global Shaper is a youth community directly under the World Economic Forum.
Regarding employment and skills training, OSCAR said that a large number of Chinese companies are mainly the construction industry and the ICT infrastructure industry to enter Angola, bringing employment opportunities and skills training. Oscar said he was hired by Huawei when he had a friend. "Huawei and other companies have cooperated between education and other education fields. Angola's population structure is very young, and the government is actively promoting young people to receive education. We need it very much in all aspects of skills." The oil export is Angola exports. " The current important economic pillar, the government's goal has shifted to agriculture, improving the economic structure of oil -based, and requires agricultural talents and skills.
"We are doing social innovation in all aspects. For example, most of the businessmen who support Angola, most of these vendors and merchants are women. These hawkers look not tidy enough, so their survival is squeezed and stressed by policies. We are in we are in. We are in. First of all, let them realize the important contribution of their business to the economy. Secondly, it provides financial knowledge. They can only earn tomorrow's livelihood today and have no ways to understand financial knowledge today. "Oscar told me Angola is a very young country. It was established in 1975. The civil war continued from the beginning of the founding of the country to 2002, so it needs to be built in all aspects.
(This article only represents the author's point of view. Editor -in -chief email: tao.feng@ftchinese.com)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100106 
NATO will protect member states from the threat of the Wagner forces in Belarus 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T06:41:50
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T06:41:50
Description: NATO Secretary -General Yanus Stoltenberg said that because the migration of private military groups may bring unstable to NATO Eastern European member states, the Western Military Alliance has prepared to resist the Russian Wagner mercenaries brought to Belarus migration. Any threat.
Images: [" 1-1687934188.png ", " 1-1687933806.jpg ", " 2-1687933954.jpg ", " 1-1687933978.jpg ", " 1-1687934080.jpg ", " 1-1687934126.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯']
Type: Article
 On June 24, 2023, Wagner hired a mercenary warrior in the streets near the headquarters of the Russian Military Region headquarters of the Russian City on the Russian River
NATO Secretary -General Yanus Stoltenberg said that because the migration of private military groups may bring unstable to NATO Eastern European member states, the Western Military Alliance has prepared to resist the Russian Wagner mercenaries brought to Belarus migration. Any threat.
According to reports, the head of the Wagner Group Yofgeni Pleigo -based on the agreement reached by the negotiation of Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko -arrived in Belarus on Tuesday, after a rebellion of the Russian military leader at the Wagner Group, Lukashenko reluctantly prevented the mercenaries from entering Moscow on Saturday.
Lithuanian President Gitanasenida held a meeting after the government leaders of the Government of NATO and the other six NATO allies in Hague, NATO, said, "If Wagna deploys a serial killer in Belarus, all neighbors will face Great instability is dangerous. "
Polish President Anders Duda said that he hopes that the threat of Wagner's mercenaries to NATO can be included in the agenda of all 31 member states summits held in Lithuania from July 11th to 12th.
Duda said, "This is really serious and very worrying. We must make very strong decisions, which requires NATO to make very, very tough responses."
 Who is the leader of Vagna, the leader of the Russian army?
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said that it is too early to judge Wagner's existence in Belarus to mean that the NATO allies are too early, but the military alliance will protect "every allies, every inch of NATO territory" from "Moscow Or the threat of Minsk ".
"We have added military existence in the eastern part of the Alliance in the eastern part of the Alliance. defense."
On Saturday, Pryiga waved to a blesser on a car in Rostov, a city on the southern Russia city, waved his hand, and his soldiers briefly occupied the city.
According to Flightradar24, on Tuesday morning, a private jet that believed in Pleigo flew from Rostov to a Air Force base in southwest of Minsk, the capital of Belarus.
Putin tried to maintain authority 
Among Porigen's rebellion for Moscow's rebellion, Russian President Vladimir Putin supporters insisted that his rule was not weakened due to the rebellion. Russian officials have always tried to throw the crisis behind. The department revoked all criminal allegations against the Wagner soldiers.
Putin also tried to consolidate its authority by thanking the Russian regular army to avoid the civil war, and described the incident on the weekend as some kind of victory of the Russian army.
 Putin delivered a speech to the Wagner Warrior after the mutiny
On Tuesday, Putin said to the Russian Ministry of Defense, the National Guard, the Federal Security Department and the Ministry of the Interior, which gathered in the Kremlin courtyard, "You actually stopped the civil war."
Putin said silently for a minute after being shot down and killed by the Wagner forces on Saturday, "You proved loyalty to the Russian people and military vows."
Putin first stated at another meeting with national defense officials that although the Wagner Group was an independent mercenary, its funds were completely from the Russian federal budget. The organization paid 86.262 billion rubles (about $ 1 billion) wages.
Moscow said that according to Pritigen's appointment, there are about 25,000 Wagner militants in Ukraine, and they are preparing for the transfer of heavy weapons to the Russian military.
 "All bets have failed": The uncertain future after the rebellion of Wagner's rebellion
Lukashenko and Wagner Group 
Belarusan President Lukashenko said in a talk with military officials on Tuesday that he had urged Putin not to kill the rebellious mercenaries.
According to official media reports, Lukashenko said, "I said to Putin: We can waste him, no problem, if the first attempt failed, then continue to try for the second time," he added, "I tell him: Do not do this."
Lukashenko also said that his army can learn a lot from Wagner's mercenaries.
According to Belarus News Agency Berna, Lukashenko said, "They are at the forefront of the offensive forces, and they will tell us what is important now."
According to reports, Lukashenko said that Wagner soldiers can report which weapons can work well in Ukraine, and how to successfully attack and defend.
 Wagner Group Explanation
"This is very valuable, and we must get the information from the Wagner soldiers," said it, "he said that he also added that the mercenaries are still in the base of the Lugansk area in eastern Ukraine occupied by Russia.
"But if they are willing -and I know they are considering multiple locations -then we will provide accommodation for them."
The Think Tank War Institute (ISW), headquartered in Washington, DC, said on Monday that Russia's opposition media reported that Belarus is building several military camps to resettle the Wagner soldiers. ) The country's Mojilov area is building a base that can accommodate up to 8,000 soldiers.
The Institute of War also stated that if Putin decided to violate the agreement that did not sue the Wagner rebels, then Belarus was unlikely to be a place where the Wagner soldiers were truly safe.
At the same time, the Institute of War also stated, "If the Kremlin puts pressure on Belarus, Belarus will not provide a real refuge for Pritigon or Wagner soldiers."
"Putin may depict Belarus as a hedge of Wagner soldiers, but this is a trap. The Kremlin is likely to follow Pritigen's Wagner Group staff as traitors, whether or not they take action immediately."
The Institute of War said on Wednesday that Putin also tried to destroy Pleigo's reputation in his warrior and Russian society.
At the same time, the Institute of War also stated that the Russian leader "may have decided that he cannot directly eliminate Prigo and not let him be a martyr."
"The Kremlin may continue to attack Porigen's personality to destroy the support of the people in Pleigo and prevent Wagner's personnel from following him to Belarus and destroy his economic strength."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/6/28/%e5%8c%97%e7%ba%a6%e5%b0%86%e4%bf%9d%e6%8a%a4%e6%88%90%e5%91%98%e5%9b%bd%e5%85%8d%e5%8f%97%e7%99%bd%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%a2%83%e5%86%85%e7%93%a6%e6%a0%bc%e7%ba%b3%e9%83%a8%e9%98%9f%e7%9a%84 
In recent years, the chairman of the Military Commission of the Military and People's Republic of China, the largest parliament to go to Taiwan 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T06:50:00Z
Description: The Council of the US House of Representatives arrived in Taiwan on the 27th and met with Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen on the 28th. What issues will I talk to Taiwan about the sensitive moment of Sino -US relations? What is the significance of Taiwanese and American officials this year?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '台湾']
Keywords: ['台湾', '蔡英文', '中美关系', '台海局势', '台美关系']
Id: 66051640
The Congress led by the President of the Council of the US Council arrived in Taiwan on June 27.
(Voice of Germany Chinese), Mike Rogers, chairman of the US House of Representatives Military Commission, led a group to Taiwan on Tuesday (June 27) to launch a three -day visit and met with Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen on the afternoon of the 28th.
The Taiwan Foreign Affairs Department said that a total of 9 cross -party members of the delegation were the first visit to Taiwan by the Chairman and Chief Member of the Council of the House of Representatives in the United States House of Representatives. The largest U.S. Congress visit group highlights the US Congress's firm support for cross -party parties in Taiwan, and attaches great importance to the peace and stability of the Indo -Pacific region.
The United States Association in Taiwan (AIT) pointed out that the visit of this visit is a part of the members of the Republic of China. The delegation will meet with the senior leaders of Taiwan to discuss the interests of US -Taiwan relations, regional security, trade investment, etc. Important issues.
A spokesman for the Presidential Palace of Taiwan said that the United States recently promoted the National Taiwan Proposal and other friendly and Taiwan proposals.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/美众议院通过台美21世纪贸易倡议/a-65999435)"The first batch of agreements was also signed in early June. The two parties cooperated closely in the fields of security, economy and trade, and looked forward to contributing to the peaceful stability of the Taiwan Strait and the security of the Indo -Pacific region through this visit to deepen the partnership of Taiwan and the United States.
On the 28th, a media conference of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the China State Council asked the US Defense Authorization Act to strengthen the strength of the Taiwan military. "And urged the United States to stop military connection with Taiwan.
U.S. Secretary of State Brosky met Xi Jinping in Beijing in June.
Sensitive opportunity to visit Taiwan 
The US media CNBC pointed out that the visit is just a sensitive moment for the United States and China.
The Biden government is striving to stabilize from February " Spy Balloon "After the incident, the U.S. -China relations that descended to the freezing point; US Secretary of State Antony Blinken) ended in June that the long -term delayed visit to China At that time, it was said that the two countries were "in a stage of unstable, and both sides realized that they must work hard to stabilize this relationship."(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/媒體美財長預計7月初訪中/a-66040462)Essence
According to the analysis, although a series of access to China for China may help the normalization of relations between the two countries, the delegation of the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives in Taiwan is responsible for funding and supervising the US military. Converse effect.
The report also pointed out that the US Congress currently shows more obvious anti -China emotions than the White House, which is also one of the few issues that the two parties in the United States have reached consensus. In the White House, the trade interests and avoiding military conflicts in the United States are more priority. matter.
Experts pointed out that a series of talks or mutual visits by US -Taiwan senior officials have made great progress in US -Taiwan relations (schematic).
Meitai Relations Progress 
The Rogers visiting group was at least the third time that the US Congress had a large -scale visit to Taiwan for the third time this year. Earlier this year, the House of Representatives in the United States respectively [Ken Calvert, Chairman of the National Defense Group of the Dialogue Committee]](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/蔡英文会见美国跨党派众议员访团/a-65015531), Michaelmccaul, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Commission, led a group to visit Taiwan; high -level officials on both sides also held important talks involving national security issues around Taipei and Huafu respectively Some Experts believe this is a major progress in Taiwan -US relations Essence
Chen Fangyu, assistant professor of political at the Department of Political Science of Soochow University in Taiwan, told DW in February that since the US government has broken diplomatic relations with Taiwan, it has avoided public talks or visits by high -level officials on both sides. By the way, this is the progress of a major Taiwan -US relationship. "
LEVNACHMAN, assistant professor of the International University of Politutional University of Politics, also told DW in February that the policy after the United States after passing the "Taiwan Travel Law" is to tend to hold more high -level meetings on both sides. I also want to use bilateral high -level interaction to learn about the development direction of Taiwan in the field to ensure that Taiwan is fully prepared.
Chen Fangyu observed the recent development of US relations, and believes that the United States is consciously internationalization of the Taiwan Strait, and conducts close exchanges on defense issues. When the democratic countries focus on responding to the dictatorship government, the meeting of Taiwanese and American officials is obviously a significant release to China. message.
What do you think of the people on both sides of McCarthy's meeting? 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/近年最大國會訪團-美眾院軍委會主席赴台/a-66051640?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
NATO Eastern Union warned Wagner forces to be more troublesome in Bairos 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T06:58
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T14:52
Description: NATO Eastern European Union warned that the relocation of the Wagner for the Russian -hiring group's Wagner forces will cause a larger regional instability, but NATO Secretary -General said NATO has been prepared for any threat. Reuters reports that Lithuanian President Bada is on Tuesday (June 27) in Hague, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['北约', '俄罗斯兵变', '白罗斯', '波兰', '立陶宛']
NATO Eastern European Union warned that the relocation of the Wagner for the Russian -hiring group's Wagner forces will cause a larger regional instability, but NATO Secretary -General said NATO has been prepared for any threat.
Reuters reported that Lithuanian President Saidada was in Hague on Tuesday (June 27), and said with NATOTTENberg and six other NATO leaders after meeting with NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg. The serial killer, all neighboring countries will face greater instability danger. "
Poland President Duda also believes that this is an extremely worrying issue. He said: "We must make a very strong decision. NATO must make a very tough response."
According to the mediation of President Berlos Lukashenko, a negotiation agreement reached with Russian President Putin, the Wagner Group's head of the rebellion last weekend, Poligon, has arrived in Beros on Tuesday. Putin said that Wagner soldiers who did not join the Russian regular army could choose to transfer to White Ross.
Stoltenberg believes that it is too early to judge that this means that the NATO allies mean, and he emphasized that the defense of NATO East Wing has been strengthened in recent years.
"We have sent a clear message to Moscow and Minsk -NATO will definitely protect every allies and every inch of NATO territory."
He said: "We have added military existence in the eastern part of the Alliance. We make further decisions at the upcoming NATO summit to strengthen our collective defense with more high -level combat reserve troops and greater military forces."
Stoltenberg refers to Wagner Group's mutiny It shows that Putin's "illegal war" has exacerbated Russia's internal differences, "but we must not underestimate Russia. Therefore, the support we continue to provide Ukraine is now more important."
Albanian Prime Minister Lama, Belgian Prime Minister Decoro, Polish President Duda, NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg, Dutch Prime Minister Lutt, Lithuanian President Sata, and Romanian President Johnisis, on June 27th in the Netherlands The Prime Minister's Office was held.
About 31 member states in NATO will hold a summit in Vernis, the capital of Lithuania on July 11th and 12th. Da Da hopes to include Wagner in the summit agenda.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408533 
2023 Tianjin Davos Sub -Forum "The Future of Money" live broadcast (Free Version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T07:00:23+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T21:36:99+08:00
Description: Wang Feng, editor -in -chief of FT Chinese website, dialogue economist and Professor of Cornell University ESWAR PRASAD to explore the future of digital currencies, stable currency and blockchain technology, and how digitalization will redefine the concept of currency.
Images: []
Themes: ['区块链与数字货币', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '数字货币', '区块链']
Type: Article
Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100097 
Inflation makes millions of people in the UK eat unsatisfactory research: maybe the normal state 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T07:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T06:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 27th) Due to the historical high risk of food inflation, a study released today mentioned that the hunger will gradually become a "new normal" for millions of British people.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Studies made by the University of Sussex Development Research Center (IDS) of the Development Research Center (IDS) showed that 14%of the current population is facing a lack of grain, which is "worrying."
Ids Director Melissaleach said in the statement: "In the UK, it is not fair to get food. We think it is necessary The food production is the matter. "
According to this research, there were less than 100 food banks in the UK 10 years ago, but in 2021 have increased to more than 2,000; in September 2022, 9.7 million people have fallen into the lack of grain.
Li Qi added: "In the past 10 years, charitable agencies have supported the part that the government has not done, but the problem of hunger is becoming increasingly common. This is not a satisfactory or sustainable solution."
According to the latest official data, although the price increase has slowed slightly, as of May, the price of food has risen by more than 18%as of May.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E9%80%9A%E8%86%A8%E4%BB%A4%E8%8B%B1%E5%9B%BD%E6%95%B0%E7%99%BE%E4%B8%87%E4%BA%BA%E5%90%83%E4%B8%8D%E9%A5%B1-%E7%A0%94%E7%A9%B6-%E6%81%90%E6%88%90%E5%B8%B8%E6%80%81 
Chinese local government through "self -selling and buying" fire increases (Free Version) 
Author: Rebecca Feng / Cao Li
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T07:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T07:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-28T01:36:00.000Z
Description: The China Audit Office announced that the Chinese government increased its revenue of US $ 12 billion through fictional land transactions and other state -owned asset transactions. This means that the local government's funding issues last year were worse than most economists imagined.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001012160
Type: Article
Last year, the local government's funding issues were worse than most economists imagined, with a degree of at least $ 12 billion.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%9C%B0%E6%96%B9%E6%94%BF%E5%BA%9C%E9%80%9A%E8%BF%87-%E8%87%AA%E5%8D%96%E8%87%AA%E4%B9%B0-%E8%99%9A%E5%A2%9E%E8%B4%A2%E6%94%BF%E6%94%B6%E5%85%A5-3e54507c 
Wall Street predicts that the crystal ball is ruptured: Why is the financial market's gambling of the Chinese economic prosperous gambling? (Free version) 
Author: Isabel Wang
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T07:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T07:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T07:18:00.000Z
Description: Economists say that a series of interest rates at the People's Bank of China have no effect, but the potential fiscal stimulus of the real estate industry may help China's economic growth rate significantly recovers in the next six months to one year.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Since China ended three years of resistance in December last year, the Wall Street has been optimistic about the Chinese economic recovery of the restrictions on the manufacturing industry of this world's second largest economy in chaos and restricting domestic consumption restrictions. Against the background of many central banks in the world, Wall Street hopes that China's economy can help restrict any global economy.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%8D%8E%E5%B0%94%E8%A1%97%E9%A2%84%E8%A8%80%E6%B0%B4%E6%99%B6%E7%90%83%E7%A0%B4%E8%A3%82-%E4%B8%BA%E4%BD%95%E9%87%91%E8%9E%8D%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E5%AF%B9%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E7%B9%81%E8%8D%A3%E7%9A%84%E8%B1%AA%E8%B5%8C%E5%AE%8C%E5%85%A8%E5%A4%B1%E7%AD%96-9abcc4f1 
The US media refers to the Ministry of Commerce to consider implementing new restrictions on exporting to China AI chips 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T07:21
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T07:21
Description: The Wall Street Journal quoted people familiar with the matter on Tuesday (June 27) that the United States is considering new restrictions on the implementation of artificial intelligence (AI) chips exporting to China. Affected by this news, Nvidia and Semiconductor Giant Super micro (A ... ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国商务部', '人工智能', '晶片', '中国', '科技公司']
The Wall Street Journal quoted people familiar with the matter on Tuesday (June 27) that the United States is considering new restrictions on the implementation of artificial intelligence (AI) chips exporting to China.
Affected by this news, the stock price of transnational technology companies NVIDIA and Semiconductor Giant (AMD) fell by about 1.4%.
The American chip manufacturers such as Nvidia, Micron, and ultra -micro of the multinational technology company have all fallen into trade conflicts between Washington and Beijing.
Nvidia said last September that US officials asked it to stop exporting two top computing chips for AI for AI.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the U.S. Department of Commerce will prohibit Nvidia and other chip companies export chips to Chinese customers as soon as in July, and states that the Ministry of Commerce also considers that companies will prohibit enterprises from selling A800 chips without permission.
The US Department of Commerce did not immediately respond to Reuters' comment requests.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408536 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T07:26:22
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T15:53:58
Description: NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said the Western military alliance has been prepared for defense to resist any threat caused by the transfer of the Russian Wagner mercenaries to Belarus.
Images: [" 2023-06-24T07... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯']
Type: Article
 The armed personnel of the Wagner private mercenary group stand on the streets near the headquarters of the southern military region headquarters of the Russon River(Reuters)* The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that African leaders should decide whether to continue to cooperate with the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group. * U.S. President Joe Biden said it is difficult to determine whether Russian President Putin will be weakened due to a brief rebellion.
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/6/28/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-370 
Kelvin Shibai's sexual assault will appear in the UK in the UK 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T07:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T07:05:02+00:00
Description: (AFP 28, 28th) Oscar film actor Kevin Spacey allegedly committed 12 sexual assault cases more than 10 years ago and was scheduled to be tried in the London Court in England today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The 63 -year -old star faced a 4 -week trial in the Southwark Crown Court of London.
Kelvin Sabesi has been in unconditional bail since the first time in the UK last year.
Although he has not been convicted for any crime, Kevin Shibai's brilliant career has been interrupted due to a large number of sexual assault charges.
Last year, he appeared in the London Central Criminal Court (The Old Bailey) and did not confess his five charges against three men.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E5%87%AF%E6%96%87%E5%8F%B2%E8%B4%9D%E8%A5%BF%E6%B6%89%E6%80%A7%E4%BE%B5-%E5%B0%86%E5%9C%A8%E8%8B%B1%E5%9B%BD%E5%87%BA%E5%BA%AD 
The United States considers further restricting the export AI chip (Free Version) 
Authors: ['迪米']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T07:48:39+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T03:45:99+08:00
Description: People familiar with the matter said that the US Department of Commerce is preparing to update the comprehensive export control introduced in October last year, which may increase the difficulty of selling advanced chips to China such as Nvidia and AMD.
Images: [" 000183485_pic... "]
Themes: ['半导体', '关注']
Keywords: ['半导体', '中美关系', '美国外交政策', '新兴市场', '美国政治与政策', '字节跳动', '腾讯', 'Twitter', '拜登', '阿里巴巴', '百度', '中国政府', '美国政府']
Type: Article
 Worship(Biden)The government is considering being applied to artificial intelligence(AI)New export control in the chip in the field. Washington is increasing efforts in order to make China more difficult to obtain technologies with military use.
According to three people familiar with the matter, the US Department of Commerce is preparing to update the comprehensive export control introduced in October last year, which may increase Nvidia(Nvidia)It is difficult to sell advanced chips to China such as AMD.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100107 
U.S. Sanctions Avagna Group illegal Gold Trading Enterprise 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T07:59
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T07:59
Description: The United States announced new sanctions and listened to illegal gold transactions to fund the sanctions objects to fund companies of Russia's Wagner Mercenary Group. Reuters reports that the US Treasury Department issued a statement on Tuesday (June 27) that sanctions from the United Arab Emirates, the Republic of China and Russia ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国财政部', '制裁', '黄金', '俄罗斯', '非洲']
The United States announced new sanctions and listened to illegal gold transactions to fund the sanctions objects to fund companies of Russia's Wagner Mercenary Group.
Reuters reported that the US Treasury Department issued a statement on Tuesday (June 27) that sanctions from four companies from the United Arab Emirates, the Republic of China and Russia, and accused them of being related to the Wagner Group and its head of Perigo.
The U.S. Treasury said that the four companies are engaged in illegal gold transactions to provide funds for Wagner Group to maintain and expand their military forces in Ukraine and some African countries.
Nelson, deputy minister of anti -terrorism and financial intelligence affairs of the US Treasury, said: "Some funds funding the Wagner Group's atrocities are obtained by mining natural resources such as China -Africa Republic and West Africa Mali."
He said: "The United States will continue to lock the source of the Wagner Group to weaken its expansion and violence in Africa, Ukraine and other places."
The Wagner Group did not immediately respond to the US charges.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408541 
The exile of Hong Kong people still live under the shadow of Beijing 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T08:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T07:35:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, 28th, 28th) When the husband and wife artist (lumli) and lumlong fled Hong Kong in 2021, they did not tell anyone because they were worried that they would be arrested before leaving.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Two years later, the couple still felt the threat of Beijing Wuxu in London, just like many other Hong Kong people in exile in the UK.
Following Beijing in 2019 to suppress large -scale democratic protests and fully implemented the Hong Kong National Security Law in the following year, London has issued 166,000 visas to Hong Kong people from its previous colonies.
People holding British National Overseas (BNO) passports can apply for a visa. The passport was sent to Hong Kong before Hong Kong returned to China on July 1, 1997, 26 years ago. Visa allows overseas citizens to live and work in the UK for 5 years, and then apply for British citizens.
At the age of 43, he takes a single name of the art name. In a small apartment in London, he preserves the artworks that they are treated violently by the democratic demonstration.
After the exhibition was held in Hong Kong in May 2021, he realized that he had to leave Hong Kong.
Said, "Our paintings have been accused of violating the Hong Kong National Security Law in newspapers." "Police also came to the studio to threaten us."
Panlang added that the police visited made them feel that they would be arrested if they did not escape "sooner or later."
They spent 2 weeks to obtain a visa, but they did not tell their family until they really arrived in London.
Speaking of it, even now, on the other side of the world, "we are not completely safe here."
The British government ordered China earlier this month to close the secret police station in the UK; China said that there is no secret police station at all, only the center of administrative services.
Safeguard Defenders, a human rights group, said in a report that China has set up secret police stations in cities in the world to track disagreements.
Tom Tugendhat, Minister of Security, said that "police service stations" in the UK should not "operate in any form."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E6%B8%AF%E4%BA%BA%E6%B5%81%E4%BA%A1%E8%8B%B1%E5%9B%BD-%E4%BB%8D%E7%94%9F%E6%B4%BB%E5%9C%A8%E5%8C%97%E4%BA%AC%E9%98%B4%E5%BD%B1%E4%B8%8B 
US sanctions participate in illegal gold transactions to fund the company's company 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T08:31:23+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 00:34:30Z
Description: On Tuesday (June 27), the United States accused several companies in the United Arab Emirates, the Republic of China, and Russia, to participate in illegal gold transactions to fund Russia's Wagner Group (mercenaries.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '美国', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-sanctions-companies-linked-to-gold-trade-to-fund-wagner-20230627/7155454.html 
Considering the record of innovation in the innovation of Dynamic and Blessing, Climate and Infusion Germany 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T08:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T08:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Berlin, 28th) The Germans loved sausages and fried steaks, but their meat foods have been stable in the past few years.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The 28 -year -old Florianbusmann works in a local government. He used to eat grilled sausage and steak in summer, but recently he would rather choose meat alternatives, eggplant, pepper and other roasted vegetables. He said in a Agence France -Presse in Berlin's "Vegansummer Festival" and said, "Eating less meat has absolutely contributed to the environment and animals, and it is also very healthy."
According to data from the Ministry of Agriculture in Germany, in 2022, the average meat consumption of each person in Germany dropped to 52 kg, the lowest record since 1989. As a comparison, the average meat consumption per person in Germany was about 61 kilograms in the previous five years.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture, about 10%of the Germans are vegetarian; in 2018, 6%are vegetarian.
The reason for consumers to find meat alternatives seems to include animal welfare, climate change, and rising meat prices.
Since 2021, Germany even produced a vegetarian agricultural minister, CEM Ozdemir, the Green Party, which has dissatisfied many people in the meat industry.
Based on care of animal welfare, Ozdimir chose to be vegetarian during his youth, but he still believes that the meat industry is indispensable. For him, the key is to reform meat manufacturing methods, as a ride in response to climate change.
He said that animal husbandry is one of the "most important driving factor" of agricultural carbon emissions, so measures must be taken to reduce the impact of animal husbandry on the climate. "For example, we will support farmers to raise less livestock and improve the feeding method. "".
He believes that the Germans' reduction of meat is "long -term trend", which has nothing to do with him because "everyone cares about the climate, wants better animal benefits, and pays more attention to their own health. I think this is a good thing."
SebastianJoy, the head of the non -governmental organization "Proveg International", believes that the market for meat substitutes is getting bigger and bigger, which is also one of the reasons for Germans to reduce meat. He said: "Everyone can still eat burgers, fried meat, and sausages, but there is no need to slaughter animals for this."
But not all Germans are happy to see the prospects of the reduction of meat.
Local media recently reported that the German Nutrition Association (DGE), who is responsible for proposing healthy dietary suggestions to the government, intends to propose to only 10 grams of meat a day. As soon as the news came out, it immediately set off a debate.
The German Nutrition Association later claimed that the whole thing was a misunderstanding, but could no longer calm down.
The recent public opinion survey results of the German "Bild" showed that 57%of the Germans resolutely opposed the country's adoption of action to reduce the amount of meat in the people's intake.
The German Meat Industry Association (VDF) told AFP: "The country should not interfere with everyone's diet. 90 % of Germans like to eat meat. No one will eat meat to obtain more vitamins and nutrients, and vice versa. ","
The German Meat Industry Association believes that Germans have decreased since 2018, mainly due to the pressure of rising prices and inflation to consumers.
Ozdimir said that he had no intention of instructing the people what he should eat, "Everyone can decide the food and portion of the food he wants to eat ... My responsibility is to provide an option to provide a balanced healthy diet.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%BC%A4%E7%BA%B7%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C/20230628-%E8%80%83%E9%87%8F%E5%8A%A8%E7%A6%8F-%E6%B0%94%E5%80%99%E4%B8%8E%E9%80%9A%E8%86%A8-%E5%BE%B7%E5%9B%BD%E9%A3%9F%E8%82%89%E9%87%8F%E5%88%9B%E6%96%B0%E4%BD%8E%E7%BA%AA%E5%BD%95 
Russian missiles hit the Ukrainian restaurant and killed more than 50 people injured 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T08:39
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:44
Description: Clarmatsk, a eastern city of Ukraine, was attacked by two Russian missiles on Tuesday (June 27), which had killed nine people and more than 50 were injured. Reuters reported that the missile hit a restaurant in Kramatorsk, when it was all ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '导弹', '餐厅', '死亡']
Clarmatsk, a eastern city of Ukraine, was attacked by two Russian missiles on Tuesday (June 27), which had killed nine people and more than 50 were injured.
Reuters reported that the missile hit a restaurant in Kramatorsk, who notified the number of deaths at the time. Mayor of Karamatosk, OleksandrgonCharenko, said on Wednesday (28th) on TELEGRAM in the real -time communication application that rescuers raised a boy's body from the ruins, but did not reveal the boy's age.
In addition, the deceased also included three girls, two of which were 14 years old and one 17 years old.
The rescue team has been searching and rescue in the ruins since Tuesday. As of Wednesday, seven people have been rescued, and the number of wounded people has fallen from the original 60 to 56.
The city in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, is the target of Russia's often attack.
The second missile launched by the Russian army hit a village on the edge of Clarmatsk, causing five people to be injured.
A building complex in Kremenchuk, about 375 kilometers west in central Ukraine, was also hit by a missile on Tuesday, and no casualties were reported.
On June 27 last year, a local shopping center also had a missile attack, and the attack took at least 20 people.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408543 
Chairman of the Military Commission of the US Congress led a cross -party member to visit Taiwan and will meet with President Tsai Ing -wen 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (李逸华)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T08:48:17+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 17:03:32Z
Description: A group of cross -party members led by Mike Rogers, chairman of the Military Commission of the House of Representatives, visited Taiwan on Tuesday (June 27) in the evening of Tuesday (June 27). Discuss a series of issues of bilateral relations and regional security in the United States and Taiwan.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['国会报道', '台湾', '军事', '美中关系', '台海两岸关系']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-house-armed-services-chair-mike-rogers-delegation-taiwan-20230627/7155527.html 
Wagner's troops highlight Putin's strategy to bring risks to Russia's political stability (Free Version) 
Author: Marcus Walker
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T08:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T08:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-28T02:00:00.000Z
Description: Russian President Putin has firmly believed that his authoritarian government can support a longer -lasting and high -cost war than Western democratic countries, but his military dilemma facing Ukraine is now a significant risk for Russia's political stability.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001012686
Type: Article
Russian President Putin(Vladimir Putin)The Ukrainian strategy is based on such a major assumption: his authoritarian government can support a longer -lasting and high -cost war than Western democratic countries. Leaders of Western democratic countries need to follow public opinion.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E5%AF%B9%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E4%B9%85%E6%94%BB%E4%B8%8D%E4%B8%8B-%E7%93%A6%E6%A0%BC%E7%BA%B3%E5%85%B5%E5%8F%98%E5%87%B8%E6%98%BE%E6%99%AE%E4%BA%AC%E6%9D%83%E5%A8%81%E5%8F%97%E6%8D%9F-ecc405fa 
China LGBT: Under the "force majeure", the dilemma faced by a minority group 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-28T09:09:39.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T09:09:39.000Z
Description: Since 2021, China's largest "pride" event has been suspended, showing that the activities of LGBT groups in this country have become increasingly difficult in recent years.
Images: [" _130204992_ge... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['变性', '中國', '文化', 'LGBT', '性']
Type: Article
China LGBT: Under the "force majeure", the dilemma faced by the sex minority groups 
9:09 am on June 28, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
2017 Shanghai Proud Festival.
On the occasion of the "Pride Month" celebrations around the world, China does not have any major LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) activities. 
The country's largest "pride" event has been suspended since 2021.
The organizer of the event, a organization called "Shanghai Proud Festival", did not disclose the reason for it, at the time just indicated "It will cancel all the upcoming activities and terminate the future activity plan."
In China, people who participate in political protests often face punishment, so the Shanghai Pride will not hold a parade, but organizes dances, community long -distance running and movie screening in the city.
Now, for the sexy groups, there are only a few low -key activities to choose from. For example, the so -called "Voguing Ball (Fashion Dance Style Dance)", the dancers in the party will dance some dance steps inspired by the model.
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66040480/P0FXJ2KS/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66040480/p0fxj2ks/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
The survival of the VOGUING Dance Troupe of China is like a thin ice enthusiast to hope that the government will reduce intervention
The Shanghai Pride Festival is not the only LGBT organization to stop operation.
In recent years, several other organizations have to close, which has aroused concerns about the world's second largest economy to crack down on social activities.
According to reports, dozens of accounts focusing on LGBT topics have been deleted on the popular social application WeChat.
In the same year, an organization representing LGBT group members filed a legal lawsuit. It is reported that the founder was detained by the authorities and the release of his conditions was to close the group.
Last month, the Beijing Comrade Center (Beijing LGBT Center) became the latest organization that was suspended from the latest "resistance to force majeure".
China's iconic gay institution "is closed due to force majeure", and a minority group feels "lips and teeth cold" "The Comrade Center of Beijing was closed, and China's last large LGBT organization also decided to stop," Raymond Phan, the founder of Shanghai's Pride Festival, said to BBC.
After his group canceled Shanghai's annual celebration, Peng Lei left China.
"The leaders and initiatives of the Shanghai Proud Festival are under tremendous pressure, and organizational activities become more and more difficult," he said.
"After 12 years of operation, the organizers have agreed that we can rest, charge charge, and wait for the situation."
Another leader of LGBT groups who also left China told the BBC that the pressure from the authorities could not bear the people who promoted social reforms.
"The organizers were detained, and their family and friends were questioned by the police. This caused a lot of mental health pressure," said the activist who requested anonymous anonymous.
"Before the epidemic, the environment of the LGBT group is very good. We can express loudly and win some lawsuits," said the activist.
"I think we are too loud."
trend is changing 
A centralized research agency Daxue Consulting estimated that in 2019, 75 million people in China considers themselves to be the LGBT population -about 5%of the total population.
The LGBT group has always been committed to initiating a series of issues, including same -sex marriage, which has not been recognized in China.
In 1997, China implemented the implementation of homosexuality, and the Chinese Medical Association Psychiatric Branch stopped listed it as a mental disorder in 2001.
In 2019, the National People's Congress of the highest legislature in China acknowledged that legalization of same -sex marriage was one of the primary demands of citizens.
However, in recent years, with the citizen's rights movement and network abnormalities, the space of LGBT initiative has shrunk.
In 2021, a notice from the Ministry of Education of China pointed out that Chinese young men became too "feminine", which caused response.
The Ministry of Education called on schools to comprehensively reform physical education teaching and strengthen recruitment of teachers.
It recommends recruiting retired athletes and people with sports background -and "vigorously develop" sports like football in order to "cultivate students' masculinity."
Later that year, China ’s radio and television regulatory agency said that“ feminine aesthetics ”would be prohibited from entertainment programs and pointed out to avoid“ vulgar Internet celebrities ”.
The State Administration of Radio and Television also claims to promote the more masculine man's image defined, and criticize the male celebrities with too many makeup.
Nevertheless, some LGBT's personal popularity has increased.
Former police Ma Paoli was one of them. He became a headline news when he gave up his law enforcement career for nearly 20 years of law enforcement career.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Ma Baoli founded a comrade appointment application
The BlueCity of Ma Baoli Technology Company was listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange in the United States in 2020, becoming the world's first LGBT social networking site company.
However, the Blue City brothers were removed and converted into private in August last year.
Ma Baoli resigned from the position of chairman and chief executive officer, and did not have the appointed successor.
In the popular WeChat communication program, one of his posts implied how difficult it is to operate the LGBT business in China.
"We turn ideals into reality, and it is possible to become possible," he wrote. "I feel satisfied and regretful because I complete my mission.""These issues are more serious among countries with more society and family discrimination," said Timothy Hildebrandt, associate professor of the London School of Political Science.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
2018 Shanghai Pride Festival Party
Peng Lei, who lives outside China, continues to support China's LGBT group overseas.
"I have been organizing Shanghai proud festivals in the past ten years. Now it has few activities. I have a lot of opportunities to support other community organizations and participate in their activities," he said.
"Grassroots, individuals and enterprises can still be advocated in their own fields, and they can play their creativity in contact with the community and allies," Peng Lei said.
"The current space for initiative is very limited, but we should not stop trying."
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66040480 
The Foreign Committee of the US House of Representatives announced the establishment of a "tiger" working group to speed up foreign military sales, hoping to deliver weapons to Taiwan as soon as possible 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (锺辰芳)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T09:22:40+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 01:22:40Z
Description: McCal, Chairman of the US House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, announced the establishment of a "tiger" working group on Tuesday (June 27) to modernize the United States in several major fields in major fields in foreign countries, so that it can meet the US national security and Taiwan, including Taiwan, and in Taiwan. The needs of the allies and partners. "Tiger" is English abbreviation of "Technology, Industry, and Government for the Technical, Industrial, and Governmental Engagement for Readiness."
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '国会报道', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-house-committe-chair-annouced-tiger-task-force-to-speed-up-foreing-military-sales-to-provide-weapons-to-partners-like-taiwan-20230627/7155461.html 
Ambassador to the European Union: China does not rule out support for Ukraine to recover all the occupied territories 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T09:28:00Z
Description: In an interview with the Chinese Ambassador to the European Union, Fu Cong said two weeks ago that he believed that China had reason to support Ukraine's efforts to recover the occupied territory including Crimea.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['中国驻欧盟大使', '傅聪', '乌克兰', '克里米亚', '领土完整', '俄罗斯', '侵略战争']
Id: 66053140
Ambassador to the European Union Fu Cong is one of the few Chinese diplomats who have publicized the Ukrainian war
(Voice of Germany Chinese) According to the Peninsula TV Station on Tuesday (June 27), the Chinese ambassador to the European Union Fu Cong said in an interview not long ago that it was one of the options for China to resume the territorial border of 1991.
"Why not? We respect the territorial integrity of all countries ... but these are historical issues that Russia and Ukraine should discuss and solve. This is our position." Fu Cong was asked if China supports Ukraine's recovery in 2014, including 2014 When an annexed Crimean Peninsula was invaded territory, it was said.
After nearly two weeks ago, he held the above -mentioned remarks on Peninsula TV and two other media after the 2023 EU China Chamber of Commerce Summit Forum "China -Europe Business Summit Forum" held in Brussels on June 16th in the nearly two weeks.
In April this year, Fu Cong was interviewed by the New York Times It was said that China did not recognize Russia's annexation of Ukrainian territory, including the Crimea and Donbas region. He justified China's position on the Ukrainian war that the reason why he did not condemn the invasion was because China could understand the proposition of Russia on defense of NATO invasion, and because the Chinese government believed that "the root cause of the war must be complicated than Western leaders," the root cause of the war must be complicated "Much".
At that time, Fu Cong also emphasized that China did not provide military assistance to Russia. He explained that the so -called Sino -Russian friendship "does not stop" "just a rhetoric" and should not be interpreted.
The role of China played in the Russian and Ukraine War 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs: Talking is a consistent position 
Fu Cong reiterated China's basic position on the Peninsula TV Station: "We advocate peace, and we believe that it is important to achieve peace as soon as possible by solving differences on the negotiating table."
In February this year, Beijing announced a "12 o'clock" peaceful plan for the Ukrainian war that aims to seek "political solutions" to end the war. Last month, China also sent a special envoy Li Hui to Kiev, Moscow and other European countries for mediation, but it has not announced the specific results obtained by this trip.
China has never condemned Russia's aggression against Ukraine. After the incident of Wagner Military Group last week, China ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement on June 25 It is said that the Wagner incident is Russia's internal affairs, and China, as Russia's "friendly neighbors" and "comprehensive strategic collaboration partners in the new era", supports Russia to "maintain national stability and achieve development and prosperity."
At a regular press conference held by the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs on June 28, a reporter asked Fu Cong's latest statement on Fu Cong. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning said that the Chinese position is consistent and very clear about the Ukraine crisis. "We believe that all parties should create conditions to solve the crisis through dialogue negotiations through dialogue negotiations."
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/驻欧盟大使：中国不排除支持乌克兰收回所有被占领土/a-66053140?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Republican members urged Biden: Do not provide assistance to the Global Climate Fund to fund China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T09:42:04+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 01:42:04Z
Description: The two Republican members of the House of Representatives of the United States Congress made a joint name to President Bayeng on Tuesday (June 27), urging the administrative authorities not to provide the taxpayer's money to the United Nations projects, so as not to flow to China by millions of dollars.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '国会报道', '生态环境', '中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/mccaul-mast-to-biden-no-taxpayer-money-to-un-climate-fund-pledging-millions-to-china-20230627/7155892.html 
Reappear in Chinese cafeteria box lunch caused food safety concerns 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T09:43:00Z
Description: The Chinese official media quoted a statement from the Market Supervision Bureau of Xiushan County, Chongqing City that a mouse head was found in the box lunch of Xiushan County Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital. Although this time there was no farce of "referring to the mouse as a duck", it still caused people to worry about Chinese food safety.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: ['食品安全']
Keywords: ['指鼠为鸭', '老鼠头', '鸭脖', '食品安全', '餐饮业', '鼠头']
Id: 66053617
Netizens broke the news that a mouse head was eaten in a box lunch in a Chinese medicine hospital, which once again triggered people's discussion of food safety (the picture shows the data picture of a university cafeteria, which has nothing to do with this report)
(Voice of Germany) According to the official media reported on Tuesday (June 27), a mouse head was discovered during lunch in another cafeteria in China. This is the second similar incident that broke out within a month of the Chinese network, which caused the ridicule of netizens to talk about food safety nationwide after the last time the last time the "Pointing Rats is Duck".
The official media quoted a statement from the Market Supervision Bureau of Xiushan County, Chongqing City that a mouse head was found in the box lunch of the local Chinese medicine hospital cafeteria. According to the China Daily, a video released on the Internet shows that mice appear in the local specialty vegetable "Konjac Roast Duck".
According to local media reports, the hospital stated that its cafeteria was a third -party catering supply agency bidded by the government website and had not had such things before.
When Reuters contacted a hospital official who was unwilling to disclose his name, he told Reuters to refer to the "official report" and did not explain in detail.
Earlier this month, some online videos showed that a foreign body that was obviously suspected to be "mice" in the cafeteria students in the cafeteria. However, law enforcement officers of the Nanchang High -tech Zone Market Supervision and Administration Bureau rushed to the scene to "repeatedly compare" and confirmed that "not a mouse but a duck neck" caused heated discussion on public opinion Essence On June 17, the provincial joint investigation team issued the results of the investigation to determine that the foreign body was the head of a mouse rodent.
After these two incidents, people expressed concerns about food safety in social media. "From now on, you should install a camera in the cafeteria and play a surveillance video." A Weibo user said.
According to the State Administration of Market Supervision and Administration of China, in 2022, 518,600 cases of food safety violations were investigated and punished nationwide.
According to official media reports, although China's food safety has improved in recent years, the inspection of market regulators last year has indeed found more common problems in agricultural products and catering industries.
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国食堂盒饭中再现老鼠头-引发食品安全担忧/a-66053617?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Pentagon Building pursue Ukraine 500 million US dollars in military aid plans 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T09:48
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T11:36
Description: The United States will provide Ukraine with new military assistance worth reaching as much as $ 500 million (about S $ 670 million). According to Reuters, according to a statement issued by the US Department of Defense on Tuesday (June 27), the new military aid plan will include the Bradley war vehicle and Stryk armored vehicle (Stry ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '美国国防部', '援助计划']
The United States will provide Ukraine with new military assistance worth reaching as much as $ 500 million (about S $ 670 million).
According to Reuters, according to a statement issued by the US Department of Defense on Tuesday (June 27), the new military aid plan will include ground military vehicles such as Bradley and Stryker (Stryker), as well as high -powered rocket launchers. Essence
The Pentagon said that the new facilities "including supporting Ukraine's counterattacks, key capabilities for strengthening Ukraine's air defense systems, and other equipment to help Ukraine counterattack Russian aggression."
Ukrainian President Zelei posted on Twitter: "Sincerely thank the United States for another US $ 500 million in national defense assistance plan. More Bradley war vehicles and Stukk armored vehicles, as well as HIMARS (high motorization Sexual multi -tube rocket system), Patriot missiles and stabbing ammunition will greatly improve our combat effectiveness. "
The Russian embassy in the United States said on the Telegram application platform, "Washington's operation is only proved, and it has a crazy dedication to defeating the Russian Federation strategically."
Clarmatsk in eastern Ukrainian cities on Tuesday Attack by two Missiles in Russia One of the missiles hit a restaurant, causing at least four people to death, more than 40 people were injured.
The White House condemned Russia's "brutal attacks". A spokesman for the White House National Security Council said that President Bayeng told Zerrenzki last Sunday that the United States "will continue to stand with Ukraine to provide weapons and equipment to Ukraine to resist Russia's aggression."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408554 
Nigeria becomes a Chinese -funded starting point for creating the African version of "Super APP" (Free Version) 
Authors: ['金奇']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T10:01:05+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T05:56:99+08:00
Description: When the two finance companies supported by Chinese -owned financial technology behind them were full of ambitions to build Alipay and WeChat payment in Africa, they decided to start from Ragos.
Images: [" 000157521_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['尼日利亚', '中国经济', '新兴市场', '移动支付', '中国商业与金融', '非洲经济', '非洲公司', '金融科技', '亚太经济', '华为', '腾讯', '世界银行', '福特', '网易', '万事达']
Type: Article
 Created the dream of "Super APP", which is universal in various markets in Africa, is inspiring Chinese investment to flow into Nigeria.
Nigeria has a population of about 220 million. It is the country with the largest population on the African continent and the largest economy in Africa. Therefore, when the two finance companies supported by Chinese capital behind them are full of ambitions to build the African version of Alipay(Alipay)And WeChat payment(WeChatPay)At that time, they decided to start from Lagos. Alipay and WeChat Pay are China Mobile Paying Giants.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100109 
The U.S. chip policy tighten the special road to the special supply. 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T10:02:00Z
Description: The Biden government restricts the provisions of exporting advanced chips to China. According to the new regulations, companies such as Yingweida will not be allowed to provide a deceleration chip to China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['芯片', '晶片', '人工智能', '英伟达']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 66053763
China is the world's second largest market in the world
(Voice of Germany) According to the Wall Street Journal report on Tuesday (June 27) The U.S. government is considering the restrictions on further tightening to China's export of advanced chips. On the same day, the stocks of Nvidia (AMD) fell by 2%and 1.5%of the stocks of Nvidia (AMD).
According to reports, the U.S. Department of Commerce plans to start Nvidia and other semiconductor companies in early July to stop providing advanced chips to Chinese customers. Reuters commented that in the chip war launched by the Bayeng government and China, Nvidia, Ultra -micro Semiconductor and Micron Technology suffered great losses.
In September last year, Nvidia claimed that US officials asked them to stop exporting two most advanced chips for artificial intelligence to China. On October 7, the Bayeng government announced a series of new export restrictions, which involved the semiconductor field, and prohibited the use of advanced chips manufactured by American equipment to China. A few months later, Huang Renxun, CEO of Nvidia, informed that in order to meet the export restrictions of the US Department of Commerce, it would provide China with a new type of advanced chip of A800 as an alternative. At that time, the A800 was regarded as a "special confession" developed by Nvidia to Chinese artificial intelligence. In March of this year, Nvidia modified its flagship chip product H100 "deceleration" to a version that can be legally exported to China.
However, according to the Wall Street Journal report, the A800 is now written into a new round of embargo chip list, and there is no franchise of the US Department of Commerce to be exported to China. The new regulations are considered to be the expansion of export restrictions introduced in October last year. Both Nvidia and ultra -micro -semiconductors refused to comment on this change.
China is the world's largest chip demand market. Nvidia is one of the world's important graphical processing chips (GPU) producers, and China is its second largest market. Since last fall, it is to formulate restrictions on export chips to China The final version, Washington has been discussing the losses caused by the new rules in the same business community At the same time, we will act together with friendly countries.
In the process, Dutch and Japan, which has the world's top chip manufacturing equipment manufacturers, has been persuaded to join the ranks of sanctions Essence The Wall Street Journal predicts that the United States will continue to allow chip manufacturers in South Korea and Taiwan to continue to operate existing factories in China, but they can only produce less advanced chips.
What is the future of the chip industry? 
(Reuters, Wall Street Journal, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美国对华芯片政策再收紧-特供之路恐走到头/a-66053763?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
South Korea abolish the traditional age calculation method 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T09:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France-Presse, Seoul, 28th) Lee Jung-Hee (transliteration) will be 60 years old next year, but South Korea abandoned the traditional age calculation method today, so this Seoul housewife was suddenly younger, so she was very very very very very very very very very very very young. excited.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 South Korea is the last East Asian country that babies are regarded as older in the uterus. When children are born, they are already 1 year old.
Under this system, each person grows up 1 year old at the beginning of the year, rather than on the actual birthday. This means that the baby born on December 31 will be considered as 2 on January 1, January 1, the following year age.
However, since today, the age of Korean age will be adopted in an international way, that is, according to the date of a person's actual birth, this means that each Korean can be one or two years younger.
Li Zhengxi smiled and said, "It feels good." She said that for people who are 60 years old like her next year, this will make her feel that she is still young.
China, Japan, and even North Korea gave up the above system decades ago, but South Korea has been using it.
However, in December last year, South Korea used the law to abolish the traditional age algorithm to comprehensively transform international standards.
Lee Wan-Kyu, director of the Korean Legal Department, said at a press conference on the 26th: "Legal disputes, complaints, and social confusion will be greatly reduced due to age calculation."
According to a government survey conducted in September 2022, 86%of Koreans said that after the new law takes effect, they will collect international age standards in their daily lives.
This change has limited impact on actual official duties: many laws and administrative matters, including the age on the passport, the age of the adolescents that can be prosecuted, retired benefits or medical services, have been calculated by the birth date instead of traditional age.
The South Korean government hopes that this change can gradually solve institutional disturbances. For example, the elderly may think that they are already qualified to enjoy pension and free travel benefits, but it may be a few years later.
Li Wanzhen said that some key areas, including the school year, obligations qualifications, and legal drinking age, are another separate age system (called "age", which is subtracted this year's year of birth, and the date of birth is not seen). The system will continue to exist.
Humanist Mo Hyun-Joo (transliteration) said that in Korean culture, "age is indeed important" because it will affect a person's relative social status and decide what titles and respect for others.
She said that people usually use vocabulary such as UNNI and OPPA (brother) in conversation, not using names.
Mo Xianzhu said that with the progress of time, South Korea "age -based culture (possibly) will slow down, because people will start to get used to using international age in an environment like school.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E9%9F%A9%E5%9B%BD%E5%BA%9F%E9%99%A4%E4%BC%A0%E7%BB%9F%E5%B9%B4%E9%BE%84%E8%AE%A1%E7%AE%97%E6%96%B9%E5%BC%8F 
The heavy rain response of the rainfall government in southern South Korea 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:03
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:03
Description: The Ministry of Administration Security of South Korea (Ministry of Security) said on Wednesday (June 28) that considering that heavy rain warnings have been issued in many places in the south, and the region of the warning release is gradually expanding, it has been at 11:45 pm on Tuesday. The response is raised from the first level to the second level, and ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '暴雨']
The Ministry of Administration Security (Ministry of Security) on Wednesday (June 28) said that considering that heavy rain warnings have been issued in many places in the south, and the area of warning releases has gradually expanded, it has been at 11:45 pm on Tuesday. Response raised the risks from the first level to the second level, and raised the crisis warning from "attention" to "vigilance".
The Yonhap News Agency reported that at 9 pm on Tuesday, the Ministry of Administration of the Ministry of Administration launched the first -level emergency response of the countermeasure headquarters, raising the crisis warning from "attention" to "attention". Jin Xing Ho, the head of the Ministry of Administrative Security Disaster Security Management, convened the person in charge of the relevant agencies to meet the disaster prevention situation.
The Fire Department also met to deploy heavy rain and flood prevention work, and launched the Central Rescue Troupe at 0:25 on Wednesday. At 11:30 pm on Tuesday, the Shanlin Hall raised the warning of the mountain flood mudslide in the five cities including Busan and Gwangju, which raised the "attention" to "attention".
This heavy rain is mainly concentrated in the Gwangju and Quanlotan Road. It has led to a 60 -year -old woman in Xianping County, Quannan, and the facilities in the south are damaged or immersed in many facilities in the south. As of 5 am on the same day, the rainfall issued by Rona, Qingshang, Zhongnan, Jeju, etc., the rainfall issued a strong rainfall, with a rainfall of 20-40 millimeters per hour.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408559 
Column | History and History: Social Background of the Red Guards Movement (below) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:06:16-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:06:16-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On June 28, 1966, after the Red Guards destroyed a Buddhist temple in the suburbs of Beijing, the elderly and children gathered outside the ruined ruins after the "knocking down the feudal superstition" slogan. Associated Press Information Picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zonghengdalishi/Wenge/hist-06282023095846.html/@stream 1. The mentality of cadres and children on the eve of the Cultural Revolution 
Hello everyone, welcome everyone to listen to "History of the Great", I am the host Sun Cheng. Today, we will continue to conduct a series of historical revolution history.
In the previous two lectures, we talked about the social background of the Red Guards Movement, and talked about the ideological education that swept everything, the consciousness of hatred, and the cadres of the CCP's cadres in the Cultural Revolution. The privileges that have the right to do and give the public. Today, we will continue to discuss the social background of the Red Guards Movement, and see what the relationship between people in the school of the Cultural Revolution.
First of all, it is important to understand that every unit in totalitarian society and society often has high similarity. For example, the power structure in a unit is often the epitome of the entire social structure. In schools that are mainly composed of minors and young people, the same is true. The power structure of small society composed of children is also the epitome of the power structure of the entire society.
To say that, it still seems abstract. Let's take a look at the people who have experienced that era, telling the atmosphere in the school at that time.
In his article, Yin Minzhi, a researcher at the history of the Cultural Revolution, once told the mentality of cadres and children on the eve of the Cultural Revolution:
"From 1964 to 1966, in the Cultural Revolution period ',' revolutionary cadres' children 'became the best origin. Ma Xiaodong said:' That was at that time, I started to have the consciousness of being" the children of the revolutionary cadres ". 'With a sense of superiority'. Originally inferior Ye Weili also began to discover joy: 'Being a "person" is a feeling of not bad.' At the same time, the result of 'big talk "is the circle. The smaller and smaller, the cadres and children are invisibly divided into ordinary cadre children and senior cadres. The cracks of society can no longer be covered. " "Cultural Revolution", contains "China Digest", issue 963, 2014)
Yin Zhimin's article mentioned Ma Xiaodong and Ye Weili, both of which were middle school students in Beijing during the outbreak of the Cultural Revolution, and also from the families of the CCP cadres. In their narration, in the two years before the Cultural Revolution, the cadres and children in the school have a feeling of 'superior people', and through the parents' official positions, the small circle of cadres and children, and even divided into ordinary ordinary people into ordinary ordinary people. Different circles of cadres and children. The reason why cadres and children will have such a strong "door valve" consciousness, of course, it is also related to the promotion of the authorities. Since 1962, the CCP has launched a call for "don't forget class struggle" under the launch of Mao Zedong. In 1964, Mao Zedong repeatedly talked about the problem of "cultivating successors". At the Working Conference of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on June 8th of this year, Mao Zedong said: "How do you not pay attention to cultivating future generations? Now, it is not allowed young people to come up. There are unexpected situations, and people have a blessing. Cadres must also have one, two, and three lines. Can't die alone, no one cares about it, and we must prepare a few lines. "Eight days later, Mao Zedong again in Beijing Shisanling Reservoir again. Talking about the problem of "cultivating successors" again, it means that "nature and human society are advancing in accordance with their own laws. Dashable people, like Marx, Engels, Lenin, Stalin … However, the problem of successor must be deployed. Be ready for successors. The proletarian revolutionary successor always grows in the wind and waves. "
After that, Mao Zedong's "training successors" was widely circulated in society. For cadres and children, Mao Zedong mentioned "how to cultivate future generations" and the saying that young people want young people to get cadres 'positions. They are even more imaginative that they can pick up their parents' classes. Under such circumstances, the awareness of the privileges of cadres has become stronger than ever.
On the other hand, while having a strong sense of privilege, cadres and children are also using a set of Communist class -style class struggle theory to view the world. Qin Xiao, who had served as the Propaganda Minister of the "West City Ponderous Team" of the Beijing Red Guards Organization, recalled the situation of the Beijing No. 4 Middle School he was studying at the time and said:
"At that time, the mainstream thoughts were class struggles, and the other was anti -repair and anti -repair. Well, we will focus on cultivating students with bad origin, and the revolutionary children are excluded, and they are encouraged to follow the road of white specialty. Therefore, the school should have four clearing and class struggle. "
It can be seen that at that time, some children of Gao Qian believed that there were so -called "bad origin" teachers in the school did not focus on cultivating cadres and children, but "key students with bad origin", and this is the reflection of class struggles in the school in schools. Essence Therefore, it is necessary to engage in political movements and class struggles in schools. So, does this view have a certain realistic foundation?

Second, the situation in the school before the Cultural Revolution 
In the cultural Revolutionary history scholar Yang Jizhong, in his masterpiece of the cultural revolutionary history, "Top Turning", there has been such an introduction and analysis, saying:
"For some students with poor home origin, as long as they take high tests, they can also go to Tsinghua University. Some key middle schools also have some bad students (of which are mainly students from capitalists and senior intellectual families). In these key middle schools, cadres and children Students from intellectuals naturally have clear boundaries. Cadres and children have a family background with a family background and discriminated against students who have poor origin. . As a teacher, I usually like students with good academic performance. ""First, our school has formed a strength faction to control school leaders. These people are not good. All things are determined by them, rejecting party members and cadres who have better origin, and reused teachers with poor origin.
"Second, do not implement the party's class route among students. The cadres of the Student Union are not good.
"Third, there are many reactionary ideas among the students. The school ignores this and covers it. But the students who have a better origin have adopted a high -pressure policy. Big!No post.
"We hope that the superiors can send the working group to get down the problem of our school thoroughly."
The six people who wrote the book were called Yang Dongsheng, Song Yangzhi, Su Chengde, Qian Lejun, Li Andong and Song Kewa. Among them, Yang Dongsheng, Song Yangzhi, Su Chengde, and Song Kehuang were signed when they signed, and they also added "Yang Cheng Wuzi" behind their names, "Father Song Zhiguang is the Deputy Director of the Western Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs", "Su Zhenhua The words "Zi", "Song Renjo", etc., nakedly declared their identity as a high -ranking child. And submit this letter to Lu Dingyi and Peng Zhen, even more, Lu Jianjian and Peng Zhen's son Fu Yang. It can be said that this is a letter submitted by the Cadres of the Communist Party's cadres through the "circle" channel. The content also shows the discrimination of the so -called "bad origin" of the children's children naked. The situation of Gao Qian's children still cannot satisfy them, and they need to "engage in class struggle." It can be said that although on the surface, this letter of text shows a group of students fighting against school leaders and party branches, but in fact, cadres and children are seeking to expand their privileges without concealing. Under the system is extremely serious. Yang Jizhong's cultural revolutionary history "Tiandi Flip" quoted the memories of a teacher in Beijing Fourth Middle School, saying:
"These high -ranking children have a sense of superiority, or a special sense of responsibility. They feel that the future of China should be their future. They think that the roots of red seedlings are the deepest relationship with Chairman Mao and the strongest sense of revolutionary responsibility. People should not forget the class struggle according to the class struggle at the time.
Three, the strange unity of crazy and "rational" 
Understand the psychology of Gao Qian's children, in fact, we can understand why at the beginning of the Cultural Revolution, the children of the CCP cadres were the first to set off and dominate the Red Guards movement. People are actually them. Why do they have the kind of death of school leaders and teachers who have a strong hatred. These wealthy children who think they should be the successor of the Red Chinese successor, although they enjoy the many special rights brought to them by their parents, they are still very dissatisfied with this and believe that the school and teachers value the so -called "bad origin" Students with better grades make them unbearable. They start from the theory of class struggle, and believe that this means that the schools, teachers, and students who have so -called "bad origin" are "class oppression" against them, and they need to start class struggles. Inheritance of red rivers. In their opinion, to ensure that the children of the cadres who are "rooted and red" inherit the red rivers and mountains, it actually means that the so -called political line and class route correctly indicate that the so -called "revisionism" will not come to power. In other words, to realize the "revolutionary ideal" way they identify, in their opinion, it is a hereditary system for the implementation of red power to maintain and further strengthen the privileges they have.
Understand these issues, we can know that we must not just define the rise of the Red Guards Movement as "crazy" at the time of the students at the time. Even under crazy political brainwashing, people still maintain a certain instinct and behavior logic for their own profits. The thoughts of these cadres and children are an example. On the one hand, they analyzed their environment with extreme political theory, and they looked very crazy. On the other hand, they are trying their best to maintain and expand the privileges brought by their parents, and they seem to be "rational". In fact, it can be said that most people who are involved in the political movement of the Cultural Revolution have this contradictory characteristics of both crazy and "rational". This also reminds us that when analyzing the history of the Cultural Revolution, we must not use the simplified "people are crazy" to explain the various crazy behaviors of people at that time. Only by analyzing deeper can we have a more comprehensive awareness of the history of the Cultural Revolution.
All in all, with the formal launch of the Cultural Revolution, these cadres and children can be said to have got a "Sword of Shangfang". Now, they are going to use this political movement to fight the so -called "red rivers" that their parents played. In the next lecture, we will formally start telling the rise of the Red Guards of cadres.
Thank you everyone. This is here this week, we see you next week.
Writing, hosting, production: Sun Cheng
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zonghengdalishi/wenge/hist-06282023095846.html 
How does Russian society think of Wagner rebellion? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T10:07:00Z
Description: It was originally condemned, and then forgiveness: Putin's leader in the head of the Wagner Group in Porigin caused trouble to Russian public opinion, making this country feel uneasy.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Id: 66053987
(Voice of Germany Chinese) "Packing your things and coming to us as soon as possible!" A appeal like this may be heard from relatives and friends living in other parts of Russia in other parts of Russia.
Since the geographical location is close to Ukraine, the situation in the region has been particularly nervous since the beginning of the war. Last weekend, the situation became more dangerous.
However, this danger comes from Russia's own army More precisely, the so -called Wagner forces from the warlord Porigin.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈: This is not a coup 
On June 23, Porigo suddenly released news on social media that the Russian Ministry of Defense launched a missile attack on the rear camps of the Wagner Mercenary Corps, and the Wagner Corps was ready to respond to this. However, Pricigo only targeted the Secretary of Defense, Shi Yigu and the Chief of Staff of the Russian Army Gracimov, and did not target Putin himself for the time being. He said, "This is not a military coup, but a march in justice."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
管 Rostov on the River 
On June 24, in Rostov on the Russian River in southern Russia, Wagner's mercenaries announced that they took over the major military headquarters in the region. There was a video there in Porigin, saying that his man went to Moscow to start "justice". He also said that "Russia will soon have a new president." Then, the Russian Procuratorate filed a case on the "armed riots", and the National Security Agency began to investigate the whereabouts of Perigzin.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Chechen armed for armed for intervention 
It seems to be on the string. Cadrov, leader of Chechen area(Ramzan Kadyrov)It was said on June 24 that his armed forces had been opened to "intense areas" and prepared to assist the Kremlin Ping Ping Wagner Mercenary Corps rebellion. He wrote on social media: "We will do our best to maintain Russia's unity and defend the country."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Putin: The dagger from behind 
Facing the "rebels north", Russian President Putin delivered a TV speech. "In 1917, Russia suffered such a blow. At that time, it was the first world war. But the victory was taken away. Various political adventurers and Foreign forces killed Russians by themselves, and they tear up the country in order to seek private interests. We will not let this happen again. "He said that armed resistance was" betrayal of the country "," dagger who came over "from behind," every Those who participate in the rebels will be punished. " But Putin also said that Wagner soldiers can be called "heroes", and they have liberated the Donbass region in southern Ukraine.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Moscow City Enter "Very Period" 
On June 24, when the Trojan troops were allegedly 200 kilometers away from the capital, Moscow implemented the martial law of the counter -terrorism action model. Authorities require residents to restrict travel. The Moscow's municipal department also ordered that for the sake of safety, the city continued to maintain martial law on Monday's working day.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
The military team suddenly turned around: I don’t want to "let Russia bleed" 
However, as soon as June 24th, the Belarusian President Luka Shenko suddenly issued a statement saying that with the consent of Russian President Putin, a agreement was reached with Porigin. Activity. Porigabin quickly confirmed the agreement. He said: "We are ordering the troops to turn around and return to the field camp." He also said that he understood the importance of this moment and didn't want to "let Russia bleed." As for whether the criminal investigation of Porigin is canceled, the current statement is different.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈 
Born in 1961 in Leningrad, the current St. Petersburg. He has served in Soviet prison for 9 years for robbery and fraud. After being released from prison, he started making hot dog food cars in his hometown and set up a catering company Concord to provide catering for the national banquet. This kind of cooperation brings him the title of "Putin Chef". In 2014, Porigin founded a private mercenary "Wagner Group".
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Wagner Legion 
Wagner's mercenaries involved in Ukraine for the first time in 2014 to help Russia illegally annexes the Crimean Peninsula. After Russia's full invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the fighting power of the Wagner Corps in the fierce battle in eastern Ukraine became an important military asset of the Kremlin. The source of the soldiers comes from Russia's retired officers, police, and prisoners who want to be released in advance. Foreigners can also join in addition to NATO countries and Ukraine. His commander Ulin worshiped German musician Wagner, and the legion was named.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Porigo does not accept the leadership of the Ministry of National Defense 
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
? 
On June 26, the Russian Defense Minister Shao Yigu, who was accused of "incompetence", was named "incompetent" on TV, explaining that he inspected the frontline troops, but no time and place were not explained. However, people are more concerned about the whereabouts of Porigerin. According to the agreement reached with Belarus, he should go there. Reached? His journalist informed, "Porigerjin asked everyone. Once you can send and receive information, he will answer everyone's question."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
How many people will follow him? 
In theory, he can take his mercenaries to Belarus. Not sure how many people will follow him. However, the business of the Wagner Legion is all over the world. Libya, Syria, Africa, and Venezuela in Latin America are the place where the mercenaries are made. Soldiers who were on the battlefield allegedly could get 5,000 US dollars per month. Porigabin claims that there are still 25,000 troops, and the US intelligence unit estimates that this number should double.
### "betrayal of war is crime"
An old lady from Rostov on the River on the River told Germany: "My neighbors who lived downstairs received a call from her daughter in Ural: Mom, you can't stay in Rostov anymore, come to us Here. "(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/白俄总统斡旋-瓦格纳军团停止进军莫斯科/a-66021015)The city was temporarily occupied by the soldiers of the Wagner Group.
However, fear and uncertainty are not just there. People are afraid, because they don't know how far they will go. According to media reports, Wagner's soldiers have recently been less than 200 kilometers away from the Russian capital Moscow. Moscow Mayor Sobiyan has suggested that citizens avoid going to the suburbs.
The uncertainty existed because the day before was also held by all national media as a hero, which was cursed by the same national media a few hours later. "Russian armed riots have not received social support!Beturiation during the war is a major crime!"
This is the headline news of the host Kissev on the Russian TV Rossia weekend evening news. On the second day of Wagner's mutiny, the station broadcast a picture of evacuating tanks and commented that "preventing self -killing between brothers."
loss of the Russian army 
Kiscelv tried to describe this incident as the success of the Kremlin. His philosophy is that things can have become worse, but large -scale bloody incidents have been avoided. In the coup attempts, at least ten Russian army soldiers were killed by the private army of Porigo, and this fact was diluted.
Then the pardon of Porigerjin caused more confusion. It was a "heavy criminal", and the wanted warlord was soon said to be a free man, and any investigation of him should be stopped. According to the Russian News Agency, all allegations of Porigo and Wagner Group were revoked on Tuesday.
Although Russian President Putin threatened Pleigo and all people participating in the coup last Saturday, he appeared on TV for the second time. He thanked his opponent to stop marching in time.
Russian President Putin has threatened Pricigin and all those participating in the coup are severely punished
The violence of the country is disintegrated? 
Then, the Russian national media had to explain to their audience again. Simon Yang, director of Russia's "Russia today", said: "The law stipulates that it is not the commandment of Christ, nor is it the Ten Commandments of Moses. They are more written by people to ensure the order and stability of the country. If in some extreme exceptions, they no longer play their functions and have reverse effects, then ... let them die!"
For Russian philosopher Grekov, Simon Yang's explanation is the bankruptcy statement of the Russian country. In a conversation with the Voice of Germany, he pointed out: "A country that has no power monopoly and unified power, and the law stipulates that it is no longer effective, basically no longer a country."
Borceva, a scholar who studied Russian political propaganda, summarized in a dialogue with the Voice of Germany: "Simon Yang tried to explain that Russia's law and criminal law enforcement system generally was ordered. It can be carried out and ended a criminal case within one day. It depends on which action is more useful. "
In the minds of many Russians are fighting heroes (data pictures)
"Patriotic Public" 
Grekov believes that Pritjin will still be praised in the so -called "patriotic public" in Russia. The leader of the private army, his soldiers in the long few months trying to conquer the city of Bachmurut His behavior is still praised by Russian propaganda media as a hero.
Grekov said that the representatives of Russia's so -called power institutions, especially the Russian army, praised this warlord. Many people are disappointed with Russian Defense Minister Shoigugu and President Putin.
Next year, Russia will elect the new president. This question is more uncertain than ever as candidates for candidates. He is said to have political ambitions. And the current President Putin has not ruled out the possibility of his participation in the president, at least so far.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/俄罗斯社会如何看待瓦格纳叛变？/a-66053987?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Lukashenko: Putin has proposed to kill Pletigen during the Russian mutiny 
Creator: ANTON TROIANOVSKI,VALERIE HOPKINS,VICTORIA KIM
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:12:22+08:00
Description: According to Lukashenko, when Wagner entered Moscow, Putin proposed the possibility of killing Prigo, but he discouraged him and called the alert Pleigo. It is believed that Purigo has arrived in Belarus. Maxim ShiPenkov/EPA, Via Shutterstock on June 27, a soldier of Russia.
Images: [" 27ukraine-blo... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 According to official Belarusian media reports, Wagner's mercenaries leader Yfgeni Pleigo arrived in Belarus on Tuesday and ended a few days of guessing his whereabouts. He had previously led a short -term mutiny, which marked the most severe challenge that Russian President Vladimir Putin has faced in the twenty years.
New details about the negotiation of this mutiny surface have surfaced. Russia's closest ally and Belarus President Alexander Aleka Kushenko described the call he talked with Putin and Pricig's appointment when Saturday's mortar mission entered Moscow.
According to Lukashenko reported by the Belarusian official media, Putin proposed the possibility of killing Prigo. But Lukashenko said he urged the other party not to respond in a hurry and said that "bad peace is better than any war." The Belarusian leader said he then called Porigo to warn him that Putin intends to "kill him like a bug." This statement cannot be confirmed immediately.
According to official Russian media reports, Putin delivered a well -designed speech in Moscow, praised his security forces, described this rebellion as a chapter in Russia's hero, and thanked the military for "fundamentally stopped one from one from one from one. Civil War.
This is the latest in a series of speeches that Putin tried to seize political initiative since the change of political initiative. He hinted that Pricigo was full of private sacrifice at the expense of national interests, and indirectly warned that officials who helped him do this would bear the consequences.
The following is other progress:
• Russian authorities have abandoned investigations against the armed rebellion of Porigon and his Wagner organizations. According to government media reports, the organization is preparing to hand over military equipment to the Russian army.
• Wagner Group and Pryigon did not respond immediately for the news of the investigation. Regarding how much equipment will give up, or how many soldiers will agree to accept the command of the Russian military, they do not explain in detail. Parig Ren recently said that the number of soldiers was 25,000.
• Putin made a brief speech on the Kremlin on Tuesday that some Russian pilots "lost their lives in confrontation with the rebel", and he praised them to fulfill their duties. In the TV speech on Monday evening, Putin obviously expressed anger. He condemned the mutiny as "extortion" and "destined to fail."
• Belarus President Lukashenko has denied that Wagner's mercenaries will defend Russia's nuclear weapons deployed in Belarus. He said he had provided the country with a "abandoned" military base in the country, but as of Tuesday, it was still unclear whether the Wagner members had arrived.
• According to local residents of Ukraine and Russian military blogs, Ukraine seems to be seizing more river islands around Hermuson in the southern cities, and it may expand the scope of counterattacks.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230628/here-is-the-latest-on-the-fallout-from-the-weekend-of-unrest-in-russia/ 
Western central banks seem to part ways, but don't underestimate its "free version" willingness 
Author: Jon Sindreu
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T03:53:00.000Z
Description: The market is increasingly believed that the Western central bank's monetary policy will be separated, but this differentiation may be short -lived.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001008997
Type: Article
Given that the situation of the Western economy is different, the central banks may try to take the policy path in different directions. But then again, maybe not.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%A5%BF%E6%96%B9%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E4%BC%BC%E5%B0%86%E5%88%86%E9%81%93%E6%89%AC%E9%95%B3-%E4%BD%86%E4%B8%8D%E8%A6%81%E4%BD%8E%E4%BC%B0%E5%85%B6-%E6%8A%B1%E5%9B%A2-%E6%84%8F%E6%84%BF-b99386fc 
Republican candidate Heili: Trump is an enemy for the Communist China of China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T10:21:00Z
Description: Former US Ambassador to the United Nations Heili criticized former President Trump on Tuesday too friendly to China during his tenure. She also warned that insufficient support for Ukraine would encourage China to invade Taiwan.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '中国', '台湾', '中共十九大', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['黑利', '特朗普', '拜登', '乌克兰', '台湾', '中国', '总统大选', '共和党', '选战']
Id: 66054711
Heili, who has served as the Ambassador to the United Nations in the Trump administration for two years, also participated in the Republican presidential campaign
(Voice of Germany Chinese) [Heili], who participated in the Republican presidential campaign(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/美前驻联合国大使黑利与特朗普割席/a-56557816)(Nikkihaley) said in a speech at the US Enterprise Institute that almost all of Trump's focus was on the US -China trade relations, but it was too little to the rest of the threats brought by China.
She specifically pointed out that Trump failed to gather allies in response to China's threats, and also gave congratulations to Chinese President Xi Jinping on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party of China. Hei Li said: "This issue a wrong signal to the world. Chinese communism should be condemned, not congratulations."
Heili The campaign team claimed that this was a keynote speech of foreign policy. Just a week and a half ago, US Secretary of State Brosky met with Xi Jinping in Beijing. Brinken said that the two sides agreed to stabilize US -China relations. However, there are almost no signs that any party is willing to concessions on the issues of trade, Taiwan, China and Hong Kong human rights, and the Chinese army on the South China Sea event and Russia's war on Ukraine.
Heili does mention Trump's trade restrictions on tariffs on China, but adding, "It's not enough to see it clearly."
Trump's election campaign said that the communist will be prohibited from entering the country 
At the same time, Trump In the election campaign, it will use the "Immigration and National Act 212 (F) clause" to order my government to prevent all communists and Marxists from entering the country. " Trump spoke at the Washington Freedom Alliance meeting: "Those people who come to enjoy our country must love us. We must block foreign communists, Marxists, and socialists who hate foreign hate Christians in the United States. In addition. "
Trump said in the election campaign that communists should be blocked outside the United States
He Li, who had served as the Ambassador to the United Nations under Trump, said that Biden It is "worse" in responding to China's threat of the US economy, internal affairs and military security. She said that China ’s military preparation and threat to Taiwan showed that the country is“ making people prepare for war ”. She said that if it is not stopped, the United States and other global partners will be involved in the conflict.
Heili said: "We must maintain peace and avoid war now. We need a leader to face this threat in each showing unity." She said, "Communist China is an enemy and the most faced by us since World War II. Dangerous foreign threats. "
In the Q & A session of the speech, Heili said in the Uyghur situation that this was a potential racial extinction. She said that the world was ignoring this matter, which was shameful.
to assist Ukraine "too slow, too weak" 
In his speech, Heili also said that Biden was "too slow and weak" in assisting Ukraine. She warned that if she failed to provide sufficient military equipment to help against Russia's invasion, it would only encourage China to invade Taiwan as soon as possible, which would cause international conflicts.
She said: "The incident that happened last weekend showed how weak and crumbling the Russian leadership was." She referred to the event that the mercenaries briefed to Moscow. "Don't make mistakes: China is paying attention to this war in Ukraine with great interest."
Trump, De Santis Wait for other Republican candidates to be criticized for his statement of Ukraine. Both Trump and Santis have stated that defending Ukraine is not a national security priority in the United States. De Santis also had to take back his statement that he called Russia's "territorial dispute" in the Ukrainian war.
Last month, Biden approved a new military aid plan to Ukraine, with a total value of 300 million US dollars, including a series of other weapons such as the new ammunition of drones. Since Russia launched offensive dependence on February 24, 2022, the United States has provided more than $ 37.6 billion weapons and other equipment to Ukraine.
(Associated Press)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/共和党竞选人黑利：特朗普对华太友好-共产中国是敌人/a-66054711?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Column | Democratic Salon: Chinese people talk about Chinese affairs (2023-06-27) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:23:22-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:23:22-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the Moscow Guard forces mobilized to enter the battle base after Wagner's mercenaries. Photo on June 24. Reuters picture [Audio-LLINK: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/minzhushalon-06282023101530.html/@stream]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/minzhushalong/salon-06282023101530.html/@@stream) _ Radio Free Asia in Washington, the capital of the United States, opened to the Chinese mainland to listen to friends. _ 
__ 
_ Hotline Time: _ Beijing time every Monday night __ __30 points_ _ 
_ Hotline International Free Number: _ __ 400-842-7775_ _ __, _ _ __ 400-842-7776_ _ **
_ Hotline_ __ _ Skype_ _ account number: _ __linyueyang01_ _ 
___ _ 
** _ Looking forward to you
__ 
Jiangsu listening to friends: Ask the information of the wall disassembly. It is very difficult to listen to overseas media now. Ask the way to ask for free Asian Radio Wall Software, I hope that Radio Free Asia will strengthen the signal.
Anhui listening to Listening: Listening to Liberty Asia for more than ten years. You can hear information that you can't hear here. However, some information on Radio Free Asia is objective, and some people feel that they are not objective enough. For example, the problem of agricultural management has not felt in life. However, some people also listened to the local people that the agricultural management disturbing the people was serious. China is now engaged in personal worship, which is too much. If the economy is good, people have nothing to say. Now the economy is not good, and it is too much to engage in personal worship. Do not support the saying of "Putin Emperor". Some people in China said that "Putin Emperor", who didn't take it for granted, believed that Putin was a "war criminal."
Henan listening to friends: China relocation is very unfair. The house's house was impressed, and the government's compensation was very low. At that time, there were hundreds of people in the town, and more than two hundred people came to demolition. Some residents have some people at home, and they are forcibly raised out and then forced demolition.
Chinese friends: Wagner's anti -water incident, Chinese netizens heated discussion. The Wagner's anti -water incident will affect the relationship between China and the Taiwan Strait. However, it will affect the "China -Russia Alliance" and do not agree. Because China and Russia still have territorial disputes, there are problems with the "China -Russia Alliance".
Ask the wall of the wall, _ Please send it to the email ： fankui@rfa.org _ 吧 _
Please pay attention to the social media of the host Lin Yueyang to interact with us:
_ Twitter Account: Linyueyang_ 
_ Skype_ _ account number: linyueyang01_ 
_ WeChat account: linyueyang_ 
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/minzhushalong/salon-06282023101530.html 
After the Wagner Group's military rebellion attempts, will its role end or restart? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:23:43
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:23:43
Description: The rebellion of the leader of the "Wagner" group Yofgeni Porige began to start quickly, but it also ended quickly. This is the opposite of all the ideas of the possible development of the crisis in Russia and foreign observer. The crisis between them gradually intensified.
Images: [" 1-1687944399.png ", " 1-1687944462.png ", " 1-1687946429.jpg ", " 1-1687946492.png "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Type: Article
 According to expert estimates, Wagner has not ended the rebellion, but it will play a new role in regions outside Russia (Reuters)
The rebellion of the leader of the "Wagner" group Yofgeni Porige began to start quickly, but it also ended quickly. This is the opposite of all the ideas of the possible development of the crisis in Russia and foreign observer. The crisis between them gradually intensified.
It is estimated that the possibility of conflict between the two sides under the background of a sudden military rebellion includes placing Russian President Vladimir Putin in those partys that have been charged with neglect and failure to resolve the dispute.
However, Belarusian President Alexander Luchenko's intervention in the crisis ended, and the crisis ended, which triggered strategic issues related to the post -rebellion. Due to this importance, it involved many things:
Putin delivered a speech to the Russian people on Monday and published a view on the future matters of the organization members, because he asked members of the Wagner Group to sign a contract with the Ministry of Defense, "go home" or go to Belarus to choose. The true end of this crisis in Russia?
Although the Office of the Russian Procuratorate confirmed that the criminal cases that have organized armed rebellion for the Terigen's armed rebellion have not yet been formed, Russian observer believes that the crisis related to the "Wagner" may be over as a whole, because the organization is no longer threatened by armed, and the organization is no longer threatened by armed. It is no longer possible to repeat the same mistakes.
 Wagner is ready to leave Rostov, Putin asked him to choose to sign a contract with the Russian army or go to Belarus (European News Agency) (European News Agency)
new form and new role 
According to Dennis Calknov, Director of the Political Forecast Center, Wagner will have three forms:
Dennis Calko Jonov believes that after recent incidents, Russia will not pass the laws of private military companies. They will continue to be in the so -called gray area. These companies are "external use" instead of handling and internal affairs. Related affairs.
Karko Jenov believes that considering that "the world's most powerful private army" will be able to sign contracts with dozens of countries, "the third version of Wagner" will be in Africa, Asia, perhaps the special mission of Latin America Based on the structure, self -reconstruction.
 Commander Wagner clarified the goal of his military operations and his ambitions about his ambitions
What will happen to the appointment? Why is Belarus? 
Strategic Ronba Miff believes that the "labor market" he calls is still open to Perigo, especially in the African continent.
Nevertheless, Strategic Lan Bergomorv made it clear to Peninsula TV that the organization will directly cooperate with African countries and the influence of official institutions is less influential. Direct relationship, he intends to stop talking about organizations that represent the advantages of Russia's overseas military operations.
Baga Movs specifically explained the tendency to Paligen on Belarus. In his opinion, this is the most important thing in his rebellion influence. After solving related problems related to resources and organizations, this number may increase over time.
This also shows that Wagner's positioning in Belarus is a "treasure" for President Lukashenko, because on the one hand, Belarus has tactical nuclear weapons, and on the other hand, it also has professional forces. In the face of the West's threat to Belarus, it will be right. Governor of Minsk played a deterrent effect, if the situation did not develop to the point of the need to use tactical nuclear weapons.
The Russian expert pointed out that the upper limit of the public and unintentional threats of Ukraine and Poland is still very high. In addition, the Baltic nations need to be a "middle" deterrent factor in the "brain fever" of the South Line of Belarus, and "Wagner" is considered to be considered to be The best model.
In addition, Bergomov said that Wagner's existence in Belarus will strengthen the authority of Lukashenko in China and increase the importance of Belarus in public confrontation with the West. In addition to the economic interests of Lukashenko in Africa, he Also selling Agricultural products and equipment in Belarus there, in this sense, these countries constitute Minsk's very important source of income.
 Porigon (middle) may play a new role in Belarus (Reuters)

is over? 
The second important thing pointed out by Bagaimov is that Pryigo, who is currently in the state of "temporary exile" with a large number of Belarusian regular army, is about 60,000 soldiers, and about 300,000 soldiers with about 300,000 soldiers. Compared to this number, the Polish army "dream" has re -occupied southern Belarus through military adventure supported by NATO.
In any case, Lukashenko will not have any problems with Minister of Defense because of this "new guest", which is different from the Russian Defense Minister Shohgu.
What is the impact of everything happened during the battle? 
Retired Colonel Victor Lotovkin confirmed that Ukraine did not benefit from the rebellion in Pleigo, because these incidents did not have a negative impact on the battlefield situation. The impact stopped.
Victor Lotovkin said that Porigen's organization did leave Ukraine, but opened a new front for it. The front may explode at any time, represented by Belarus, according to Western considerations, this is not better than Wagner in Ukraine in Ukraine. The degree of danger is low, and as he said, even the danger exceeds Wagner.
Lotovkin does not rule out the possibility of Wagner's withdrawal from participating in the Kiev Wars indirectly that the possibility of the first official Ukraine peace talks will be launched in July. It will hold a high -level talks in Copenhagen. It will be involved, which may be the first consultation meeting to resolve the conflict.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/6/28/%e7%93%a6%e6%a0%bc%e7%ba%b3%e9%9b%86%e5%9b%a2%e5%86%9b%e4%ba%8b%e5%8f%9b%e4%b9%b1%e6%9c%aa%e9%81%82%e5%90%8e 
Comments | Wei Jingsheng: The hypocrisy and embarrassment of the Communist Party of China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:23:45-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:23:45-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chinese Communist Party History Exhibition Hall Agence France-France-France-France-France-France-France-France-France-A-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/weijingSheng/wjs-062820231024.html/@stream]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/weijingsheng/wjs-06282023101024.html/@@stream)It's almost July, and the CCP will commemorate its birthday again. But this birthday was originally a fake, just like the rampant son who was adopted couldn't figure out his birthday, he made a history, and it became true. Chinese intellectuals in the May 4th era were busy rushing for fashion. Various fashion theories in the West have been introduced to China. After being fired from the university, Chen Duxiu wanted to start a stove after being fired from the university. He found a generalist who had just came in from Japan and was not so fashionable to be his ancestor. So the Communist Party of China was created at home, and his student Zhang Guozhang and others spread around, setting up a reading club group in various provinces. These are all seen by Bolshevik, who have just stabilized power, and sent political spies to guide and financial support. The first congress was held in the following year, which was the birthday that was recognized. Why don't you admit your real birthday, you have to make a fake birthday? This is related to the magical movement after the Communist Party's developed. Chen Duxiu, who also retains some common sense of human civilization, does not meet the needs of the Malaysian cult. After the two sides contradicted, Bolshevik chose the party who betrayed the national interests and expelled Chen Duxiu, who was not licking the dog, and his birthday could not be placed in his home. Due to the need to compile the godfather to the needs of his father, changing his birthday is not too hooligan. Another important reason is that the new great god Mao Zedong is not a member of the party, or even the official member of the first congress. He was not even an observer, or a marginalist who poured into the water. But after all, it is considered to be the founders, and it can barely meet the needs of God. Anyway, the word of the word lies without playing, and the people do not understand anyway. After the historians understand it, it will change from time to time, which will not affect the current politics. The so -called black cat and white cat indifferent. Do you want to come to power with illegal and unreasonable means? There is no sequelae? It does not matter to the rogue thick and black studies. So why should China pay attention to orthodox thousand years? The so -called orthodox means that it is reasonable and legal to get the qualifications of the leader in order to be recognized by the public, so that people can be taken orally and establish leadership authority. Relying on violence and lies to obtain leadership, at most authority is not authoritative, orally and dissatisfied. The so -called decree does not come out of Zhongnanhai. The so -called policy has a policy, and there are countermeasures. Looking at the history of the Communist Party of China, it is full of internal fighting and conspiracy politics. How many leaders are on stage by legitimacy? Before the ruling, overthrew the General Secretary, and cleaned the highest level all the way after the ruling. Either I overturned you, or you knocked me down, turning the pancakes for decades. In the middle, a wise leader Hua, who seemed to be reasonable and legal, came to power with the emperor's will. In a blink of an eye, he was caught up by the sophisticated party conspirators. Can this politics like horselights be stable for the country and society? Can people be unsolved without being implicated? It seems that it is really not as good as the peacekeeping industry under the rule of ancient imperial power. Is it really a black cat and white cat? Is the winner really king Kou? Is Chinese traditional political morality useless? It seems that this is really not the case. Load the leadership like the United States relying on reasonable and legal competition. If you are not convinced, you have to be convinced, at least you have no temper. The extremists of the two parties can be very happy, but the government's internal and external decrees can be well implemented-the national interests and the people's lives are guaranteed, and the private corruption of government officials is restricted. On the other hand, when the Communist countries, the leaders were incorrect, and the people and officials were convinced. No one can believe anyone. If you want to unite, is it possible? Do you want to scatter sand, is it possible? The superiors are always preparing for others, and the lower level wants to replace it at all times. Everyone is learning to be a pseudo -gentleman, and everyone is learning or improved. Such a group of people are used in internal consumption. It is impossible to have real unity. It is impossible to have long -term development. It is impossible to make ordinary people live a few days of comfort. It can only be constantly tossing up and down.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/weijingsheng/wjs-06282023101024.html 
The Ukrainian war and Putin policy will lead to disintegration and collapse of the Russian Empire 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:24:51
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:24:51
Description: In the latest book "Russia Against Modernity", Russian historian Alexander Etkins predicted the disintegration and collapse of the Russian empire and called it "the last time."
Images: [" 1-1687947331.jpg ", " 2-1687947337.jpg ", " 3-1687947347.jpg ", " 4-1687947355.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '俄罗斯']
Type: Article
 Putin relies on oil funds and its profits to support the country's policies, but the people cannot benefit(Reuters)In the latest book "Russia Againstmodernity", Russian historian Alexander Etkins predicted the disintegration and collapse of the Russian empire and called it "last time".
In the office of Vienna, a professor of the School of International Relations, Etekind paid attention to incidents related to Russia and the region from the perspective of in -depth analysis, combined with the narrative in historical books and all the details.
In an exclusive interview with Peninsula TV, Russian historians confirmed that more than a year ago, the Ukrainian war launched by Russia and its political isolation and internal conflicts could lead to its collapse.
The following is the actual record of the interview: 
 Professor Alexander Etekind predicts the collapse of the Russian Empire(Peninsula TV Station) * You predicted the collapse of the Russian Empire in the latest book "Russia Oppose Modernity". So what is your prediction based on? 
First of all, many empires collapsed in the 20th century, including Britain, Germany, Austro -Hungarian Empire, etc. In 1917, the Russian Empire was one of them. In our current era, I expect we will witness the disintegration of the Russian Federation.
Under normal circumstances, collapse must go through a period of war and revolution, but this process is slow and painful for the Russian Empire. After the First World War and the Civil War, the Russian Empire became the Soviet Union and disintegrated in 1991. At that time, Ukraine, Georgia and other countries were independent from Russia's hegemony.
It is worth mentioning that the Russian Federation is the heir of the Soviet Union. It consists of dozens of different differences and is ruled by Moscow's iron fist. In my opinion, if the Ukrainian war has not erupted, Russia may last for several years or decades, but this conflict will force it to disintegrate in peace or violence.
The rebellion of Yofgen Niigojin is a stage of Russia's internal crisis, or it may be the first step in the upcoming civil war. It is true that the country has avoided a bloody battle, but the rebellion exposed the weakness of the regime this time.
Since all the Russian troops are now in Ukraine, the domestic and foreign enemies at home and abroad are easy to intervene.
 Experts believe that because all the Russian troops are now in Ukraine, domestic and foreign enemies at home and abroad are easy to intervene
* In the previous interview, I have pointed out that Putin was influenced by Dostaevsky, especially what he said, "Sir, this world is boring." Can we apply this sentence to Russia? What is happening now and Putin himself, that is, the war is out of boring? 
I don't think Putin was influenced by Dharvisky, but the Russian novelist and philosopher undoubtedly helped us understand Putin.
In the short stories "Underground Notes", Totorvsky tells the story of a poor character. His jealousy and bitter emotions have accumulated to the point where he wants to bury the boring, balanced, and exaggerated rational world. In the end, he insulted He has his girlfriend and leads to the boring of this character's boring and destruction.
Therefore, we can find the motivation to find Dhastyevsky in Putin's remarks and actions. But of course, there are many real or imaginary reasons and excuses for the outbreak of this war today.
The story of Vladimir Putin can be described as "tragic". On the one hand, he came to power by chance when he was in a big turmoil. On the other hand, the crisis ended his previous work and ended his respect for all the institutions he knew.
The Russian President abandoned the values and thoughts he inherited, except for one to maintain the unity of the country, although the country collapsed in front of him. He fought one after another, won victory, and learned how to make a lot of money without causing attention, although it is relatively much. He also firmly believes that all this is related to oil and natural gas.
At the same time, he used all opportunities to use to keep power. Ironically, these opportunities he got mainly came from enemies in Western countries. He became one of the richest people in the world, but "he learned to hide money cleverly", which caused hatred and anger of rational and mild people.
For these reasons, I said this is a tragic story, similar to events in the famous movie "Blood Color" adapted from the book "Petroleum". At the same time, Putin has recently detonated hundreds of thousands of people's lives, and he once claimed that these people were his citizens, whether they were Russians, Ukraines, or others.
* The current war is destroying both sides. Russia's hysteria responding to Western aid in Ukraine, global energy transformation and political isolation damage its interests like what happened like the Khahofka Dam? 
In 2014, the Russian army occupied Crimea and Donetsk and some areas of Donetsk and some areas of the region of Lugusk, which harmed their survival interests.
In the past, NATO did not accept Russia's joining, causing Moscow to worry about NATO's eastward expansion. The current war seems to be counterproductive. We see that Finland has become a member of NATO, and Sweden may soon join, maybe Ukraine.
I describe what happened in the book as "revenge." Just as the use of imitation in art, this principle plays an important role in politics. In other words, revenge is different from justice, because the latter needs a third factor, that is, court or God to achieve it.
Similar things happened after the Russian army was destroyed by the Russian army, which helped Ukraine re -assemble and fight with Russians.
* From ancient times to the present, do you think the implication of the Kremlin and China and African countries is beneficial, or is it a double -edged sword? 
Before the Ukrainian war, China and India agreed to buy oil shipped to Europe. Although the price of oil is limited and the transportation cost is high, the trade is very beneficial to Moscow. Thanks to this cooperation, Russia has maintained economic stability and provided funds for its war.
Therefore, I will not say that this is just a kind of implication, but a serious and unfortunate relationship. But I assure you that this story has another side. Putin awakened ancient, suppressed political trauma around the world through his remarks and actions. Based on the deep dissatisfaction of Russia, he proved the legitimacy of the war against Ukraine, and also reminded the dialogue from Asia and Africa reminded of the losses and insults they suffered in the past.
For example, in the nineteenth century, China suffered the suffering of the unspoken imperialist war. It failed in the two Opium War, which led to the occupation of large territories such as Hong Kong and Manchuria by Western countries.Today, when Putin told Xi Jinping about his historical grievances of Ukraine, Chinese colleagues also remembered the heritage of the Opium War, or the "hundred -year shame" of the Chinese people.
In the same background, I think that the Russian army from the Chinese border to Ukraine will remind some forgotten issues. For example, "We regained Hong Kong, will we recover Manchuria?"
 Wang Yi (left) shake hands with Putin
* Why do you think it is impossible to overthrow the Putin regime? So what happened? 
The answer is simple, that is, from the perspective of money.
In the past three decades, most of Russia's money came from oil, and profits have entered the state treasury, and ordinary people have not benefited from it. In other words, Russian oil countries have become so rich and heavy, and it is difficult for the people to overthrow it.
Today, this "parasitic" country of a wealthy and superpowers has begun a war that it cannot bear. This war will exhaust its power from the inside and collapse it.
Petroleum countries do not need intellectuals. It not only thinks they are reckless people, but also potential trouble.
In contrast, we found that the Soviet Union relying on the ideological form of intellectuals created and supported, and the Soviet countries that competed with Western competition hoped to develop their knowledge, technology and equipment. Although it oppressed citizens, it still maintains respect for loyal intellectuals.
Then, after the Soviet Union, the oil state reshaped the entire pattern and believed that it could purchase all the necessary knowledge and technologies with oil income.
It can be said that the current intellectual class reflects the heritage of the Soviet era, but because they are deprived of revenue and respect in China, they have begun to protest the authority of Putin, especially in 2012.
Since then, intellectuals have become the root of the Kremlin. In the end, some of them died, others immigrated, and the rest were forced to serve the regime.
* In your opinion, how will future historians describe Putin's motivation to launch the Ukrainian war? 
In short: a suicide behavior of the declining empire, the wrong choice made by the wrong person, the flash of history, and a helpless struggle with modernity.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/28/%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e5%92%8c%e6%99%ae%e4%ba%ac%e6%94%bf%e7%ad%96%e5%b0%86%e5%af%bc%e8%87%b4%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%b8%9d%e5%9b%bd%e8%a7%a3%e4%bd%93%e5%92%8c%e5%b4%a9 
The President of the Republic of Lion Rock is better than the European opposition party to refuse to accept the election results 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:05:01+00:00
Description: (AFP 27th, Liberty City, the Republic of Lion Rock.) The President of the Republic of Lion Rock was sworn in today after being announced that he was announced, but his main competitors criticized the results of the election and refused to accept it.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The 59 -year -old Julius Maadabio has been successfully re -elected as the President of the Republic of Lishishan. Since the end of the civil war from 1991 to 2002, this West African country has been impacted by multiple challenges, including the Ebola epidemic and the current serious economic crisis.
Agence France -Presse reported that the Election Commission of the Republic of Lion Rock announced that it won 56%of the votes than Europe, and his main challenger Samura Kamara won the votes for 41%.
Kamara tweeted: "I declined to refuse the results announced by the Election Commission."
The All PEOPles' CONGRESS (APC) of the Camara has raised objections to the results of the votes. The National Congress of the National Congress condemned the election committee in the statement yesterday that the election committee was suspected of lack of inclusiveness, transparency, and sense of responsibility.
The National Congress Party said that the lack of information about which voting from which votes or constituencies come from.
The party once said: "I will not accept these false and falsification results."
In the later statement, the party of the National Congress claimed that there was a "excess voting" situation in certain regions, and stated that it would "continue to refuse the results of fabrication" and "reiterate our victory."
But the supporters of Boou welcome such results.
34 -year -old Susan Myers said: "I'm glad to win than Ou, we hope he can repair the economy and create employment opportunities."
EU observer said yesterday's press conference that the election authorities lack transparency and communication, leading to distrust of the election process. (Translator: Lin Yifeng/Calculating Draft: Lin Zhiping)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E7%8B%AE%E5%AD%90%E5%B1%B1%E5%85%B1%E5%92%8C%E5%9B%BD%E6%80%BB%E7%BB%9F%E6%AF%94%E6%AC%A7%E8%BF%9E%E4%BB%BB-%E5%8F%8D%E5%AF%B9%E5%85%9A%E6%8B%92%E6%8E%A5%E5%8F%97%E9%80%89%E4%B8%BE%E7%BB%93%E6%9E%9C 
China's $ 7 trillion new infrastructure investment triggered the battery "FREE Version" 
Authors: ['白艾德', '李瑞洋']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T10:42:26+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T06:41:99+08:00
Description: Under the stimulus of huge government investment, food companies like southern black sesame also began to enter the lithium battery industry.
Images: []
Themes: ['电池', '关注']
Keywords: ['电池', '中国商业与金融', '亚太公司', '可再生能源', '新兴市场', '自然资源', '高盛', '马云', '中国政府']
Type: Article
The Chinese government invested huge amounts of funds on the planned independent plan proposed by President Xi Jinping, which stimulated the energy storage industry from various Chinese companies such as food manufacturers to technology startups.
According to data from Chinese enterprise information providers, the number of Chinese companies registered as energy storage companies in the past three years has doubled more than double to nearly 109,000.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100110 
Wang Quanzhang was besieged for two weeks of Li Heping and his wife was forced to bid farewell to the home 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:51:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:04:13-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Li Heping (middle), a victim of the 709 case, was long been monitored by unknown personnel (rear) for a long time. Wang Qiaoling is exclusively provided, and the shooting date is unknown [Audio-LLINK: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-06282023082430.html/@@stream(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-06282023082430.html/@@stream)The Chinese authorities continued to take tough means to suppress the victim lawyer of 709 cases. Wang Quanzhang still insisted on staying in the place after being besieged by unknown personnel for more than two weeks and cut off the water supply. Another rights lawyer Li Heping helplessly say goodbye to the home after the house was repeatedly destroyed.
Beijing's persecution and then upgrade Wang Quanzhang's couple and besieged at home by unknown Han * "709 case" Li Wenzu, the family member of the lawyer, was blocked by unknown personnel to stop power Li Heping, a lawyer who defended rights protection, was intercepted by the side control to go to Thailand 
Lawyer Wang Quanzhang moved to Beijing Changpingchang Shengyuan Community for more than two weeks, but did not settle down for a moment.
Wang Quanzhang: "I have moved in from June 11th to the current state of being besieged. It is not difficult to go out, but it is difficult to enter the door. There are about eleven or twelve people staying at the door of the unit."
Wang Quanzhang decided to send his wife Li Wenzu and his son Wang Guangwei and stayed alone. A few days ago, the Water Company broke Wang Quanzhang's unit. Facing the harsh environment, Wang Quanzhang was still cautious and optimistic.
Wang Quanzhang: "Now the water has continued to break, and it has been completely broken. It has been forced to move in these months and some experience. We just started to store water when we lived in the house, and there were some plates and water tanks in the house. The water has not been used up yet. "
After absorbing past experience, lawyer Wang Quanzhang has actively stored water since he moved into a new home. (Wang Quanzhang is exclusively provided, the shooting date is unknown) In the past two months, Wang Quanzhang's family has no settlement. He said that the authorities of the authorities have emerged endlessly, hoping that the media will respect his privacy.
Wang Quanzhang: "A lesson during this time is that after the public (details), the state where we are besieged will become the focus of continuous attention. It may allow the other party to use worse means."
Li Heping's husband and wife decide to move 
Li Heping, a victim of the other 709 case, was repeatedly moved by the landlord after moving into the apartment in Xiaobao Village, Beijing Songzhuang. In order to achieve the goal, the landlord moved the door at the expense of the window. Li Heping's wife Wang Qiaoling revealed that the landlord had acknowledged breach of contract and agreed to compensate, but it also meant that they wanted to find another place, but so far, the new residence has not yet settled.
Wang Qiaoling: "It's not a problem of compromise and not compromise. Do you think that if I have guns and troops now, do you think I will compromise? If we are rushing to the open space today, what do you think is a compromise? ? There is a relatively safe place, which may be what we yearn for us. This is certain. "
The Li Heping couple was convinced that the landlord forced them to move away with the authorities behind. In addition to being maliciously destroyed by the apartment, the authorities also implemented border controls on the three families of Li Heping's family on the grounds of possible harm to national security earlier this month to restrict the exit.
Reporter: Gao Feng Editor: Xu Shuting Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-06282023082430.html 
China changes to Europe & quot; with business forced politics & quot; strategy to try to break through the western plugging 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:57:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:06:29-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Liu Jianchao, Minister of the CPC Central Committee of the Communist Party of China Associated Press picture AUDIO-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/ec-062820230906.html/@stream This year marks the tenth anniversary of the "Belt and Road" initiative. As China actively recruits new members to join, the only national Italy in the seventh Kingdom Group's participation in this initiative has repeatedly stated that the withdrawal plan has been considered. Liu Jianchao, the Minister of the CPC Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, interviewed, trying to attract the people and industry and commerce in Italy.
Italy plans to withdraw from the "Belt and Road" CCP will send the Minister of the Communist Party to "lobby" * Italy's statement to the United States: intentionally withdrawn from China's "Belt and Road" project * "The Ten Anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative" is still effective to assist the development of the banner? Chinese official media Xinhua News Agency reported on Wednesday (June 28) that Liu Jianchao, Minister of the CPC Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, visited Italy for 3 days, saying that Liu Jianchao had a local politicians such as Lalusa, deputy prime minister and foreign minister Tiani, etc. When you meet, you also have a discussion with the "Friends of China" of the Italian Parliament, emphasizing that China -Itimensive is a strategic partner. It is necessary to further deepen the pragmatic cooperation of politics and business, and promote greater development of China -Itality and China -EU relations.
The official Weibo of the Ministry of the United States also reported Liu Jianchao's schedule, but even posted a lot of posts, focusing on the contents of Liu Jianchao's interaction between representatives of the industrial and commercial community and think tank scholars in Italy. Liu Jianchao appreciated the Italian Chinese Council Foundation and the industrial and commercial circles. It has played a positive role in the strategic docking of the two countries for a long time. Going out of forward -looking and mutually beneficial cooperation paths and set an example for countries around the world. It is hoped that entrepreneurs of the two countries to promote the comprehensive strategic partnership of China and the strategic partnership.
Comment: "The business and" forced government and Ji Ji to kill the bleeding road in the West 
Song Guocheng, a researcher at the International Research Center of Taiwan Politburo, said that from Liu Jianchao's arrangements to Italy, and even the attitude of foreign ministers Qin Gang and Prime Minister Li Qiang's visit, all show that China ’s focus on European diplomacy has been changed to civil diplomatic strategies. Through the people of the people, it reverses its attitude towards China.
Song Guocheng: "Whether it is Europe and the Asia -Pacific, the network that has formed the surrounding of the CCP has formed. From the perspective of geopolitics, there is almost no vulnerability, or a gap. Communicating this road, the Chinese Communist Party has believed that this road is unreasonable. The CCP now wants to break through a blood path. Now the only blood path is some companies and groups of some local countries. Tao, attracting the pro -communist enterprises, and then "to force the administration." Liu Jianchao went to Italy.
Data pictures: On March 23, 2019, the signing ceremony of the "Belt and Road" initiative for the "Belt and Road" initiative. (Associated Press) Song Guocheng said that it is difficult to save the confidence and trust that China has lost in the European business and politics in the European business and politics.
Song Guocheng: "In fact, people see your direct investment, etc., either to destroy the contract, or the rotten project, or the tofu residue, and the tail running freely. For the European corporate community, It is unacceptable, especially a very particular business trust in Western countries, and China has no credit to say. 'Belt and Road "is the real death. There will be more and more countries with cooperation agreements? "
Comments: "Old tricks" decades ago, difficult to solve the difficulties for China 
Independent political scholar Wu Qiang said that Liu Jianchao's trip tried to re -use the business community as the middle bridge of China and the West, but this method was a common method for China at the beginning of reform and opening up. At that time The international political environment is very different from the Western attitude towards China, and reuses the same difficult situation before.
Wu Qiang: "China's itself is decoupled from the ideological and many policies. It is precisely the fundamental contradiction between China's politics and economy. Moreover, this way of lobbying through entrepreneurs It was a method of policy innovation thirty or forty years ago. The hard work of anti -risk -going risk, I believe its effectiveness is very limited. "
Wu Qiang said that China is willing to lower its posture and strive to renew the "Belt and Road" cooperation memo by Italy. There are also other strategic considerations.Wu Qiang said that if China retain Italy's failure, it will bring a great blow to the "Belt and Road" plan, and it also shows that the means of folk lobbying cannot resolve the contradiction between China and the West.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Xu Shuting Jiayuan Network Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/ec-06282023080906.html 
Column | Labor Communication: Labor Conflict on Yushun Electronics Co., Ltd., Changzhen Community, Yutang Street, Guangming District, Shenzhen (6) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T10:58:14-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T10:58:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Photo: RFA Audio-1-Link: https: // Woohoo. Hair dye .org/mandarin/column/labor communication/good place -06282023105455.html/@@ stream This year's May 1st Labor Day just passed. Yushun Electronics Co., Ltd., located in Changzhen Community, Yutang Street, Guangming District, Shenzhen, a labor conflict broke out because the factory was relocated by the local community within a time limit. The workers were dissatisfied with the compensation plan given by the factory, and Gathering the Changzhen Community Party Mass Service Center for help Essence
Some workers sent out from the scene video From the "Party Mass Service Center" and "New Era Civilization Practice Station" brand, the camera slowly moved to the five -star red flag on the top of the building. Intersection
Yushun Electronics Co., Ltd. Established in 2004 and listed in 2009.
As early as 4 years ago, In 2019, Yushun Plant received a written notice from the Changzhen Community , Make a relocation within 3 years. Three years later, in February last year, the company received a written notice from the Changzhen community, requiring the lease relationship before May 31 last year, and August 10th. The lease of Yushun Factory's plant did not expire until July 2024.
So, for the first time in 2019, the company has received the community relocation notice for almost 4 years. Has the Yushun Factory Trade Union conducted negotiations on the compensation plan on behalf of the employee?
In addition, the factories were relocated to the Changzhen community, and the Changzhen Community Trade Union Service Center worked with the Community Party and Mass Service Center. So, is the Changzhen Community Trade Union on the relocation plan that may affect the rights and interests of the workers, and negotiate with the community service center to ensure that the interests of employees can be guaranteed during the relocation process?
In particular, the Changzhen community requires the Yushun plant to relocate before the lease expires, which will inevitably affect the factory's operation, thereby affecting the company's ability to make reasonable compensation for workers. Does the Changzhen Community Trade Union participate in the negotiation of the company's participation in the enterprise and the Changzhen community on behalf of Yushun Factory. It is suggested that the Changzhen Community suspend the lease early to make additional compensation to the enterprise to ensure that the company has the ability to make reasonable compensation for workers?
Furthermore, when the workers have gathered in the Changzhen Community Party and Mass Service Center (office with the Changzhen Community Trade Union) for help, do the community unions come forward to represent the workers and negotiate with the community and the factory?
Half a year ago, on December 13, 2022, Yushun Co., Ltd. issued the relocation Announcement It is mentioned that employees will follow the factory area to relocate and fail to follow the factory area relocation personnel. The company will legally terminate labor relations in accordance with the relevant provisions of the labor law.
So, in the next half of the year, the Changzhen Community Trade Unions, Yutang Street Trade Unions, Guangming District Trade Unions, and the Shenzhen Federation of Trade Unions, each to avoid the situation of the situation.
According to the data, the Yutang Street Federation of Trade Unions announced a legal service that cost 170,000 yuan last year work plan Essence This plan was announced in September, and in October, the goal was that by the end of 2022, the coverage rate of legal consultants in the first and secondary community trade unions in the street reached 100%. Level -level labor communication and negotiation mechanism.
So, did Yutang Street Federation of Trade Unions assist Yushun Electronics Co., Ltd. to negotiate the relocation compensation plan in accordance with the work plan that he formulated and announced?
There is another thing. In June last year, more than 50 workers in Yushun plant have complained At the Shenzhen Housing Provident Fund Management Center, the factory said that the factory had not paid the housing provident fund for front -line production workers. Before that worker went to the Provident Fund Management Center to complain, did he come to the union for help and ask the union representative workers and the enterprise to complete the supplementary payment through negotiation?
The Yushun Factory was established for 19 years and was listed for 14 years. It did not pay the housing provident fund for front -line workers. Are the corporate unions, Changzhen Community Trade Unions, Yutang Street Unions, and Guangming unions knowing this?
Please listen to these questions and talk to the Changzhen community staff.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/laogongtongxun/hdf-06282023105455.html 
45 -year -old general manager's unemployment folding and sending the middle class to the middle class 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T11:02:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:04:41-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Information picture: A man checked the recruitment information next to Zhengzhou Street, Henan Province. Reuters picture AUDIO-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/JingMao/hcm-06282023083034.html/@@stream The decline of Chinese private enterprises has impacted China's employment rate. Recently, an interview entitled "Being a 45 -year -old middle -aged man to find a job again" has caused heated discussions. The middle class with an annual salary of 800,000 was rejected by applying for fast food restaurants. I could only go to the flower shop to do part -time or flash delivery. Why did China's middle class fall quickly?
Scholars: China ’s unemployment statistics, distortion employment situation is severe * Comments | He Qinglian: China's "olive society" eventually became Nanke Dream ** National Statistics Bureau of China: Working for one hour a week, even employment The Chinese State Council Premier Li Qiang said in a Summer Davos Forum on the 27th that the Chinese economy's recovery trend this year is relatively obvious. It is expected that economic growth in the second quarter will be faster than the first quarter.(The annual increase of 4.5%). He expects that "the goal of about 5 % of the economic growth determined at the beginning of the year" is expected to achieve a goal of about 5 %. "
One day, the National Bureau of Statistics of China announced that from January to May, the total profit of industrial enterprises above designated size in China was 266.889 billion yuan, a year -on -year decrease of 18.8%, and the decrease was 1.8 percentage points narrowed from January to April. Among them, state -owned enterprises fell 17.7%year -on -year, and foreign companies, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwanese investment enterprises decreased by 13.6%; private enterprises decreased by 21.3%.
The growth of enterprises has not improved, and the tide of layoffs is exacerbated. It is not only up to 20 % of the youth unemployment rate, which is shocking, and middle -aged unemployment has become another hot topic. Sohu's polar day studio recently published an interview entitled "When a 45 -year -old middle -aged man re -find a job", the man of the pseudonym Wei Peng was a general manager at a home company at the age of 35 years ago at an annual salary of 800,000 There are houses and cars, and manage hundreds of people. Ten years later, he was unemployed, and even part -time jobs such as KFC and Pizza Hut were rejected. At the age of 45, job hunting was "invisible discrimination". The only stable part -time job that Wei Peng could find at the end is a flower shop near home, with an hourly salary of 12.5 yuan, and many people are competing for application. Later, he changed to flash, and ran for 145 yuan a day, and the hourly salary was 18 yuan. He continued the job.
Profile picture: In Beijing, people fill in the application form outside the labor arbitration office. (Reuters) How to get unemployed in the century -long change in the middle of the year 
The middle -aged unemployed middle class like him is not a small number. The blogger's lonely Yun Dad posted a post in Ye Tan Finance entitled "A 45 -year -old middle class, how many people fell into the middle income trap", and the article pointed out that many reports have returned this to this. Because of the age crisis, it is wrong. Globalization ebb, everything disappears. He suggested, "If individuals do not have the ability to change the overall situation, they may wish to be at ease. It is time to take a takeaway and takeaway, and it should be able to survive in the flower shop."
Middle -aged facing the company's failure and employment difficulties, house prices are difficult to realize 
Wei Wanling from Hangzhou was particularly touched by the changes in the prosperity. Since the reform and opening up, Hangzhou has also caught up with the opportunity. He and several friends around him have opened a company. When the prosperity rose, everyone bought a house and made some money. The economic downturn, private enterprises are the first. He said, "The economy is not good, coupled with the suppression of private enterprises, several bosses around me have closed down. They are about 45 years old or even greater. It is simply unrealistic to go out to find a job. No one will ask them."
Wei Yanling told this station that some people have made some money in the past, and they can eat old books with real estate. Taking Hangzhou as an example, house prices have continued to rise from 2015 to 2020, but in recent years, the prosperity has reversed. "Now house prices are indeed falling. Even if the price is reduced by 30 or 40%, it is always hung up, and the house cannot be changed. If the house still can't sell it, when their cash is used up, the family lives will fall into trouble."
Wei Yanling said that he had a friend who opened a car after the unemployment, and he did not dare to rest day and night. At most, he earned 8 or 9,000 yuan. Intersection In the past, large shopping malls in Hangzhou have been rowed for every holiday. The prices have risen in the past two years. Few people spend on holidays. Some people have to wait until discounted. There are fewer people who come to the door this year.
"In the past, foreign -funded enterprises had a higher income, and these people had a higher level of living. Consumption could drive the economy. Now that foreign capital has been withdrawn, and private enterprises are suppressed, it has become a dead end." Wei Yanling shared the current status quo. Unemployed men and women occupying Starbucks employment market in the cold winter strike 
In addition to Wei Peng's encounter caused empathy, another article "Occupible Occupy Starbucks" has also become the focus of social media. "Starbucks on Monday is almost full by middle -aged men and women who have unemployed. I am embarrassed to stay at home before I come here. Not only are middle -aged men, but there are many middle -aged women. "
The blogger's "In -see Bureau" wrote that every Monday, Starbucks is full of unemployed middle -aged men and women; when they just buy a house, they are worried about the large -scale farmers' husband and wife of the large factory; 45 -year -old middle -aged man to find a job ... After the epidemic In the first year, a series of true and sad web articles burst into the circle of friends. He lamented that everyone heard that "no change in a century", but did not know what it meant. Now, look at the experience of yourself and the people around you, and feel the endless chill.
He Jiangbing: The root cause of unemployment lies in the problem of the company 
"Unemployment is a superficial phenomenon. The problem now is not in the middle class, nor the unemployment, but the problem of enterprises. Enterprises are the basis of economic activities. The above interpretation.
He Jiangbing analyzed that Chinese enterprises are divided into state -owned enterprises, private enterprises and foreign -funded enterprises. They cannot support state -owned enterprises and state -owned enterprises occupying a lot of monopoly undertakings and still losing their employment problems. The demand for cement and steel has declined, resulting in the weakness of real estate upstream and downstream industries. On the other hand, the digital economy platform Ali, JD.com, Tencent and other Internet private enterprises and teaching and training industry have also been swept away, which is very important; while foreign companies are affected by geopolitics, and they are worried that they are in the end of Russian foreign companies. Essence In the end, it is a problem with the company that causes employment problems.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Xu Shuting 梒 Qingwang Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/hcm-06282023083034.html 
The United States visiting group saw Tsai Ing -wen Rogers: Taiwan and the United States have common value to deepen friendship 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T11:09:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:03:27-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On the 28th, President Tsai Ing -wen in Taiwan met with nine cross -party members of the United States Association members, including Mike Rogers, chairman of the Military Commission of the United States House of Representatives. The Presidential Palace of Taiwan provides Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/gangtai/hx 06282023095219.html/@@stream Nine cross -party parliament members, including MICEROGERS, chairman of the Military Commission of the Federal House of Representatives, visited Taiwan. The Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that this is the largest US conference member visited Taiwan in recent years. President Tsai Ing -wen met with the delegation that he would continue to cooperate with the United States to cooperate with the United States to guard the peace and stability of the India -Tai area. Rogers said that the common value of Taiwan and the United States has deepened the friendship between the two sides and has unswerving support for Taiwan.
Chairman of the Military Commission of the US Congress and Tsai Ing -wen meeting: The common value of the United States and Taiwan is unswervingly supporting Taiwan The Chairman of the Military Commission of the American Council led the 9 -person group to visit Taiwan to see Tsai Ing -wen Taiwan's President Tsai Ing -wen visited 9 Cross -Party Parliament members of the Military Commission's background of the Military Commission's background in the Presidential Palace on the 28th. Express the support of Taiwan's security.
Tsai Ing -wen said: "The Military Commission jointly promotes the National Defense Authorization Act, continues to be included in various policy initiatives, helps Taiwan strengthen defense capabilities, and deepen Taiwan -US safety cooperation. It is an important backing to maintain security in Taiwan and India."
Tsai Ing -wen mentioned that at the beginning of the month, the 21st century trade initiative of Taiwan and the United States completed the signing of the first batch of agreements, setting up the milestone of the US economic and trade relations, and looking forward to the dual taxation issues faced by Taiwan and the United States and the individual in the early days, in order to promote the closer investment and more close investment and the United States Industrial exchanges.
On the 28th, President Tsai Ing -wen in Taiwan met with nine cross -party members of the United States Association members, including Mike Rogers, chairman of the Military Commission of the United States House of Representatives. (Provided by the Presidential Palace in Taiwan) ?
Tsai Ing -wen said: "Taiwan, as the first line of defense to protect the value of democracy, will continue to cooperate with the United States in the field of economy and defense to protect the peace and stability of the Indian area. Cooperation and development. "
In his speech, Rogers mentioned: "The United States maintains long -term and important friendship with Taiwan. We share many common values, including the Indo -Pacific region of the rule of law, democracy, and freeness. These common values deepen our friendship. It can be seen from the members of the delegation that our support for Taiwan is cross -party and unswerving. "
Tsai Ing -wen and the American Council's visit to the group only spoke live broadcast 5 minutes before opening.
The visit to Taiwan on the evening of the 27th was taken over by Ma Boyuan, deputy director of the North American Department of Taiwan Foreign Affairs. Foreign Minister Wu Zhaozheng will have a welcome banquet, and it is expected to stay until the 29th.
The Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that this is the largest US Congress of the United States Congress in recent years. It is also the first time that the chairman and chief member of the Federal Council Military Commission and Chief Member of the Federal Council in recent years visited Taiwan. Essence The head of the head of Rogers has a member of the position and Smith, who is a member of the "Taiwan connection" of the House of Representatives. It continues to support the intensive intensive development of US security relations. This trip exchange opinions on issues such as Taiwan -US relations and regional situations.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, members of the delegation include Adam Smith, chief member of the Military Commission Democratic Party, Joecourtney, Chief Member of the Military Commission's Haiquan Group Democratic Party, and John Garamendi, the chief of the Military Commission's Democratic Party. And Federal MP Jill Tokuda, Davidrouzer, Gary Palmer, James Moylan, Cory Mills, etc.
On the 28th, President Tsai Ing -wen in Taiwan met with nine cross -party members of the United States Association members, including Mike Rogers, chairman of the Military Commission of the United States House of Representatives. (Provided by the Presidential Palace in Taiwan) Scholars: The Military Commission will help communicate with the delivery of the United States to delay weapons. 
Chen Wenjia, a senior consultant of the National Institute of National Policy in Taiwan, was interviewed by Radio Free Asia on the 28th that at least seven or eight bills of the United States Congress involved support for Taiwan. Especially recently, the two houses of the Republic of China have to train the army for Taiwan. In addition, there are Taiwan democratic defense lease borrowings and protection of the Taiwan bill, which will help improve the US -Taiwan military and security more closely.Chen Wenjia mentioned that the Haimas multi-tube rocket system, F-16V, thorn needle missiles, fish fork missiles, etc., which are purchased from the United States, are urgently needed. The portion may be postponed in 2025.
Tan Yaonan, chairman of the Cross -Strait Policy Association, was interviewed by Radio Free Asia. It also believes that the military committee's visit to the Taiwan military should be delayed and the military aid of Taiwan's military assistance and personnel training on Taiwan ’s military assistance at the end of last year through the 2023 National Defense Law. These are the legislators who participate in the aid of Taiwan's law, and the leaders of the major House of Representatives of the two parties to further understand the overall progress and concerns and requirements of Taiwan after passing the bill.
The US Military Security Terminal Taiwan Act Legislator directly contacts the Taiwan Guoan and the military 
Tan Yaonan said: "When people come to Taiwan, they have first -hand contacts. They should meet with the Ministry of Defense, National Security Unit, and the military to face face -to -face. It is of great significance. Recently, many different messages and regional situations, including Ukraine and the Wagner of Russia, have come to an end. Wait for internal conflicts. What is the next way? Many of these military committees have received an important briefing of the US administrative department on the front line. "
Tan Yaonan mentioned that nine people include chairman, important members of the Military Commission, and senior members of the minority party. "In the past, interacting with individual members, now it is collective. It is not easy to deal with the same thing across the party, but this is indeed the issue of Taiwan. Time to directly concern. "
Translating Yaonan said that the supervision and implementation of the one -time, whirlwind, and Taiwan communication related bills, the US government sent special planes to show the support of the administrative department.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting 梒 网 网 Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx-06282023095219.html 
Two Russian warships are rare to closely close to the waters of the eastern part of Taiwan and the sea is only 26 浬 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T11:26:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:05:32-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 At 13: 45Taiwanadiz team on June 23, 2023, two Russian -level lightweight frigates in East Australia were about 26 浬 (outside the adjacent area). Taiwanadiz粉专提供 [audio-1-link：https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/gangatai/hx2-06282(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx2-06282023111752.html/@@stream)Two Russian warships rarely pass through the waters of Taiwan from south to north. According to private monitoring, the warship is only 26 浬 from the sea outside the Taiwan. Some analysts believe that Russian warships should participate in military exercises return, which is strongly meaningful for Japanese politics, but also highlights the continuous mobility of the Taiwan -Japan national security.
US ships once again crossing Taiwan Strait Scholars: U.S. -China "negative cooperation" Only criticized the foreign warship to cross the Taiwan Strait to cross the Taiwan Strait for the first time crossing the Japanese Tsuchi Strait at the same time The folk "Taiwanadiz" team was released at nearly ten on the evening of the 27th and released on the Facebook fan page of "TaiwanAdiz", saying that the team directly hit the East Australia of East Australia in East Australia in East Australia at 1:45 pm on the 27th (outside the adjacent area) There are two Russian guardian -class light frigates south. In addition, a supply ship at the Japanese Maritime Self -Defense Force also followed the prison simultaneously.
The Ministry of National Defense of Taiwan subsequently issued a press release on the evening of the 27th to confirm the matter. Sun Lianfang, a spokesman for the Taiwan Ministry of Defense, said: "As of 2300 o'clock, two Russian frigates were discovered from south to north of my eastern waters from south to southeast. Supervisory and investigation methods, master the Russian ship dynamics throughout the process, and check the mission machine, ship and shore missile system, and strictly monitor them. "
Rathered Russian ships in the eastern waters of Taiwan, and it is only 26 浬 from Taiwan. Su Ziyun, Director of the Taiwan Ministry of Defense and National Defense Safety Research Institute, was interviewed by Radio Asia on the 28th. From the perspective of the order, it should be the Russian Pacific fleet. Participated in the "Komodo" naval exercises to the north three weeks ago. And from the ship recognition, it should be the "333 Perfect Number" and "335 Lark".
Participate in the Indonesian army 3 weeks ago? 
Su Ziyun said: "Its main purpose goes to Indonesia from the Russian Pacific Fleet headquarters to Indonesia to participate in the exercise south, visit the ports of various countries nearby, and go north to go back. Probably the external Lenovo and Beijing have a little correlation. "
Data pictures: On July 21, 2022, in St. Petersburg, Russia, a rehearsal of the Navy's Daily Reb one, a soldier stood on the warship. (Reuters) According to foreign media reports, the "Komodo-20123" maritime joint exercises in Indonesia were from June 5th to 8th, including 36 countries including the United States, China, and Russia. 17 foreign warships participated, and the exercises focused on the "non -military operations" of the major allies, focusing on regional cooperation, disaster management and humanitarian actions, and sharing and exchanges.
The Russian and Ukraine War was stuck, and the Wagner rebellion occurred, and the dynamics of the Russian ship in Asia attracted attention. Su Ziyun said: "Russia fights ground battles in Ukraine. The Russian army has a heavy burden, but the air force of the Air Force in the Pacific Russia fleet is quite complete. Complement of strategic interests. "
Su Ziyun pointed out: "These two Russian frigates have a displacement of about 2,300 tons. The use is mainly used as maritime patrols. It should not even be brought by helicopter. It is less threatened to Taiwan. ","
Sino -Russian relations observer, Rusbin, accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia that during June and July, the Pacific Fleet would exercise in the Pacific Sea and near the Japanese Sea. Generally, two or three warships will be sent. , Cruise on the waters of Japan and Outdel for Outly.
Russian ship operations are mainly targeted at Japan? 
Rusbin said: "There is no Chinese warship this time, only Russian warships are targeted at the Japanese waters. For Russia, in addition to Japan, it is also an important military radiation with Nagurachi. It mainly focuses on Yaomocho, and last year, it bypassed his mother port with Nagua -cho. "
Rusbin has judged that the Russian ship's operations are mainly targeted at Japan. Especially in the past two or three years, Japan has become poorly related to Russia. This year may be the most hostile in the history of Japanese -Russian relations. Russia has determination and strength to show him in the Far East.
Rusbin said: "This incident also shows that if Japan and Russia are hostile or military confrontation, they will affect Taiwan. If Japanese -Russian relations have not improved, this should be normalized. Assuming that Japan suffers from land security threats, regardless of China or Russia, regardless of China or Russia. It will affect Taiwan. Conversely, if China or other countries have brought any threats to Taiwan in the future, it will also affect Japan. Because it is an important military outlying islands in Japan, it is behind the sea outside Taiwan. It is inseparable from the Guoan between Japan. "
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting 梒 网 网 Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx2-06282023111752.html 
News: It is investigated by Indian cough potion producers to use toxic industrial -grade ingredients 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T11:32
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T11:32
Description: Two people familiar with the matter told Reuters that an Indian cough potion producer used a toxic industrial grade component in cough potion. The investigated Indian company is Marion Biotech. Last year, the Ministry of Health of Uzbekistan pointed out that 19 children took the company to be born ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['印度', '咳嗽药水', '调查']
Two people familiar with the matter told Reuters that an Indian cough potion producer used a toxic industrial grade component in cough potion.
The investigated Indian company is Marion Biotech. Last year, the Ministry of Health of Uzbekistan pointed out that 19 children took the cough and potion produced by the company.
The report quoted two sources that the cough potion of Marion Biotech used industrial levels of propyleneglycol (PG) ingredients. This is a toxic ingredient that is widely used in liquid cleaner, antifreeze, paint or coating agent, and can also be used to improve the effectiveness of pesticides.
One of the sources participating in the survey said "Marion Biotech should use the raw material of the Indian Pharmacopoeia", which means that the component that meets the standard of national drugs.
He also said that MARION BIOTECH sold the cough potion with propylene glycol to Uzbekistan, and did not test the ingredients used in cough potion.
Reuters had previously reported that MARION BIOTECH purchased propylene glycol ingredients from trader Maya Chemtech India.
For a Maya Chemtech INDIA source who was found to have been found in Marion Biotech, Maya Chemtechindia "only operate industrial -grade materials" and did not sell medical -grade materials permits.
The sources who did not want to be named said, "We don't know that Marion Biotech will use this material in cough medicine. They did not tell us."
According to Indian drugs and cosmetics regulations, manufacturers have the responsibility to ensure the safety of the ingredients used.
A source of Maya Chemtech India said his company did not face allegations.
Charma, the national capital assistant director of the national capital of Maya Chemtech India headquarters, refused to comment on Reuters on the grounds that federal drug regulators are investigating the case.
Gambia will forcibly check all medicines from India 
The African Gambian government documents checked by Reuters show that Gambia will force all drugs from India to check and test before shipping from July 1.
In October last year, more than 70 Gambia children died of acute kidney injury after taking the contaminated cough potion.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408588 
American economic data optimistic Asian stocks are generally high 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T11:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T11:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 28th) Market investors evaluate the latest data show that the US economy is still tough when facing interest rate hikes. At the same time, it is also considered that the authorities may tighten monetary policy in order to restrain inflation. The Asian stock market has risen more today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Driven by a series of data to alleviate the economy may fall into recession, and investors are also happy to see China's promise to boost the economy, the Wall Street stock market has risen the previous day.
However, the media reported that Washington may be controlled by the sacrifice of artificial intelligence chips exported to China, which also impacts the market psychology.
U.S. President Joe Biden said at a fundraising event yesterday that economists have previously estimated that the US economy will fall into recession and has not come true.
Biden said, "It's been 11 months since it has been, guess what? I don't think it will appear." He moved out of steady employment growth and anti -inflation measures.
Rodrigocatril, an analyst at the National Australia Bank, pointed out that there is a gap in the (economic) department's recession, which makes the Federal Council (FED) more difficult to fight against inflation.
He pointed out that after the interest rate increase, the first real estate industry has performed well. At the same time, when the manufacturing industry has fallen into a recession, the service industry has grown.
He said: "The toughness of the labor market and consumers has not reduced inflation pressure, but it is promoted. Overall, the data tells us that the Federal Standard must maintain a tightening policy."
The Asian stock market is generally closed today, and Japan, Hong Kong, Sydney, Singapore, Wellington and the Taipei stock market have risen. The Shanghai stock market was paid flat, and the Seoul stock market closed down.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230628-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE%E4%B9%90%E8%A7%82-%E4%BA%9A%E8%82%A1%E6%99%AE%E9%81%8D%E6%94%B6%E9%AB%98 
Sino -US competition has complicated the global debt crisis 
Creator: PETER S. GOODMAN,ADRIANA LOUREIRO FERNANDEZ
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-28T11:37:23+08:00
Description: Surinnan suffered from economic recession, inflation, and unlikely repayment of debt. However, due to the increasing conflict between Western institutions and China on debt issues, low -income countries like Surinan became geopolitical victims and difficult to obtain international assistance. Like other low -income countries, Surinan has faced the problem of difficulty paying debts after a large borrowing of low interest rate stimulation over the years.
Images: [" 00suriname-01... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 The president of the Republic of Surinan was sitting in a spacious office, and the window was pulled with tan curtains to cover the tropical sun. He expressed sympathy for teachers who gathered outside the office. They laughed at him and demanded raising their wages.
The three -year global crisis caused this southern American country for decades to splurge and worsen the snow. As a result, a thorough disaster destroyed the country's spending power. Food and fuel prices have soared, Russia's invasion of Ukraine has further deteriorated the situation Essence Just as death and fear spread, Surinan's currency plummeted and the economy fell into the abyss.
President of Chang Derry Kapelsad Shan Duojiji claimed that "the heavy burden of my people's afford" gave him "the inconceity of the righteousness of relief."
However, he was almost helpless. The fate of this 600,000 population country has suffered from the pond fish of geopolitics, and the conflict between the United States and China has delayed the opportunity to receive assistance in Surinan.
advertise
Next week, a delegation from the International Monetary Fund will come here from Washington to urge the Duojiji government to promote a round of cutting expenditure. Tightening the budget is the core requirement of the International Monetary Fund's rescue plan. This package of low -interest loans of $ 690 million for three years and 690 million US dollars allows the country's funds to continue to repay US $ 2.4 billion in foreign debt.
The International Monetary Fund and its most influential participants -the United States also wants to get other things: they insist on asking China's creditor's reorganization of US $ 545 million in debt, which has been used on the construction road and housing Essence
President of Chang Derry Kapelsad Shan Duojiji claimed that "the heavy burden of my people's afford" gave him "the inconceity of the righteousness of relief."
Morris Robo, Chief of the Bank of Surinon, and Treasury Minister Stanley Lahubasin discussed the agreement between Surinan and the International Monetary Fund.
The challenges faced by Surinan reflect a new complexity of global finance. Many low -income countries are facing difficulties in response to the increasingly serious debt crisis, and they often obstruct their aid because Western institutions, which are dominant in history and an important rising star -China conflict.
Over the past few decades, as the core component of the free and democratic order established by the United States and its allies after the end of World War II, the International Monetary Fund was the only source of funds facing loan repayment. Later, China became a major country providing loans to Asia, Africa and Latin America. When Chinese financial institutions provide loans, they have almost no requirements, and provide a choice of tightening fiscal in accordance with the provisions of the International Monetary Fund.
However, when the troubled government negotiated with the creditor's claims to reduce the burden on debt, the International Monetary Fund and the Biden government were unwilling to provide assistance before participating in Chinese financial institutions. They insisted that the Chinese lenders did not participate in debt reduction negotiations, and they were taking other vehicles that provided debts to reduce the country.
"China now needs to stand up and become a constructive force to help countries facing debt pressure," said when a national security adviser Shalvan said in a speech at the Brucks Society in April this year.
advertise
However, the increasingly powerful Chinese government refused to submit to Washington, and also rejected existence in the International Monetary Fund and its largest shareholder in the United States.
"The International Monetary Fund gave some parameters related to debt reduction and exemption, but I think these parameters have no binding power to us," said a Chinese diplomat at Paramarbo, the capital of Surinan, saying that he was able to discuss the requirements of the matter publicly. Anonymous. "China only negotiates with the Surinan government."
All these are highlighting Ghana Ethiopia , Pakistan The pressure faced by the country is facing growing debts, most of which are Chinese state -owned banks in China.
Last week, Zambia The government welcomes an agreement to ensure that its $ 6.3 billion in debt repaid for three years, and most of these debts are Chinese institutions. The agreement issued the road to Zambia's $ 188 million rescue funds to the International Monetary Fund. This fund was part of a $ 1.3 billion rescue plan. The arrangement was reached after a year and a half of difficult negotiations. During this period, the negotiations made Zambia's finances unstable.
Global problems often make low -income countries face difficulty in maintaining debt. The current disaster is particularly painful. It is related to the low interest rates over the years (low interest rates encouraged borrowing), and the new crown epidemic increases the burden on the medical system, while the economic shrinking has aggravated pain.
The solution for this disaster has always been a problem, because the two largest economies in the world are going to confrontation step by step.
advertise
"Whether it is China or the United States, if there is an obligation of a country with great power, it is to provide a certain degree of certainty and security for the world," said Surin Foreign Minister Albert Ramdin. "Uncertainty will trigger anxiety and force all countries to choose to stand by."
The so -called "common framework" formulated by the 20th National Group should provide a template for the so -called "common framework" of almost three years ago, letting people know what to do when the country is in the bankruptcy. According to this framework, government, private debt party, and international monetary fund organizations should be coordinated in debt restructuring, so that the countries that fall into difficulties can solve their future debt repayment problems."The problem now is that the new creditor wants to have the right to speak for the rules of the game," said Daniel Murren, a sovereign debt expert at the United Nations Trade and Development Conference in Geneva.
The concerns of ordinary people in liabilities are generally "impossible to be considered", and Murcember added. On the contrary, they were included in debt negotiations that cater to the interests of the creditor's rights and political considerations.
In Surinnan, the cost of assumed at the southern part of the capital, Seni Po Detti and other communities.
advertise
Mamiten Mixon is 26 years old. She and her 4 -month -old daughter, three sister -in -law and eight children are crowded in the concrete two -bedroom houses of her mother -in -law's house. Two or three -year -old children play in the soil, next to a small groove flowing with sewage.
Miche John couldn't afford to rent a house, she recently moved to her mother -in -law's house.
Meshazan is worried about where the money to buy diapers will come from, and whether her milk will be affected by dieting, because the price of rice, vegetables and chicken will rise, she has to eat a lot.
"I don't have any hope," she said. "I can only sit and cry."
The 26 -year -old Maritan Mixie Johnson was no longer unable to rent a house by himself, moved into the concrete two -bedroom house of the mother -in -law's house, and lived with three sister -in -law and eight children.
Mishan's mother -in -law asked the daughter -in -law who couldn't afford the rent moved over to live with himself.
Surin's new president took over the economy of nearly 16%in 2020. The country's currency eventually depreciated 80%.
The depreciation of the currency increases the import costs from gasoline to staple food. The inflation rate reached 74%at the highest at the highest in 2021, and is still maintaining a level of about 60%.
advertise
According to advocating the organization of "debt justice"(Debt Justice)Data, the proportion of funds required to repay Surinan debt increased from 13.6%in 2022 to 25.3%last year.
This makes funds for other aspects less.
At the ‘S Lands Hospital in the center of Paramarbo, due to the high prices of drugs and anesthesia, surgery is temporarily found alternative.
"Dangerous signals are issuing a dangerous signal," said the director of the hospital's medical department, Suita Namannan Panpinh, who had been educated in the Netherlands, said.
"It is issuing a dangerous signal," said Sonita Nannan Panhun-Gao Bingsle, the director of the medical department of the ‘S Lands Hospital of Paramarbo.
The epidemic exacerbates the burden of the medical system.
Duoji's government can't see other choices, and can only go to the International Monetary Fund.
In March 2022, the International Monetary Fund issued $ 55 million to Surinan. Two months later, a delegation of an International Monetary Fund visited Surinan and announced The Surinan government has the right to get the next capital injection.
However, the board of directors of the International Monetary Fund never voted for this, which strangely deviated from its process of issuing funds.
The delayed issuance of funds reflects a concern of an influential role -the US Treasury, which is the department responsible for managing the relationship between the International Monetary Fund. According to two people who participated in the process of issuing funds, the Ministry of Finance organized pressure on the International Monetary Fund and asked them to suspend the issuance of funds to forced China to commit to the debt of Surinan.
Minister of Finance Yellen Recently Congress Hearing The Shangdi International Monetary Fund and the World Bank described as "an important balance of opaque and unsustainable loans to other countries such as China."
This statement has triggered criticism from the Chinese government. "The International Monetary Fund is not a 'US International Monetary Fund'," a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China at Routine Press Conference Speaking.
In May of this year, the private holders of Surinan Treasury bonds agreed to exempt 25%of debts in order to ensure that they benefited from the recent offshore oil discovery.
This month, the International Monetary Fund issued another $ 53 million in funds to Surinan, and at the same time praised the Surinan government to "restore fiscal control".
When officials in Washington and Beijing analyzed the general accounts of Surinan, the local people were still difficult to deal with serious supplies.
In May this year, before 11 am on Tuesday, nearly 50 teachers gathered under a leafy apricot tree on the turbid Surinan River. They are preparing to go to the Presidential Palace to ask for wages.
The 48 -year -old Uvrasia Martin is a public high school teacher. Due to the depreciation of the currency, her salary was reduced from about 800 US dollars to only 200 US dollars per month.
Because of the help of relatives in the Netherlands, she can still support her family. Many of her students are not so lucky.
"Every day, children come over and say‘ I am hungry ’,” she said.
Some children no longer come to school, because they can't afford minibus tickets as the price of oil rises.
Some students are too tired to concentrate on studying, because they have to work after school to help support their families.
Some girls have to stop school in order to help the family make money to make money at home.
The rise in gasoline prices has led to rising buses, and some students are becoming more and more difficult to go to school.

Martin is a Dutch. She said that relatives in the Netherlands helped her to support her family and sent her food.
In an interview, Martin was on the way to the cabinet office to meet with the president.
Just when the rain dropped from the gloomy sky, she and several other parade leaders walked into the building. After 15 minutes, they came out.
"They told us that the president didn't know where it was," she said to about 100 protesters, and the crowd broke out.
"The president hid," they shouted in the Netherlands.
Martin can accept the possibility of not being able to get money at all. But she could not accept the president's simply not showing up.
"This is disrespect," she said. "If he talks to us, we may understand."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230628/suriname-china-imf/ 
Pricigjin arrives in Lukashenko, Belarus: Putin is going to "kill" him 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T11:54:00Z
Description: According to the President of Belarus, the leader of the Wagner Group Pleigo has arrived in Belarus. In this regard, the Belarusian opposition believes that this threatens the stability of the local society, and Poland, Lithuania and other countries have also warned. Lukashenko also said that he persuaded Putin not to kill Pleigo and "farther his eyes."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['白俄罗斯', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '北大西洋公约组织', '拜罗伊特音乐节', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['白俄罗斯', '瓦格纳', '普里戈津', '普京', '俄罗斯', '东欧', '北约', '俄烏戰爭']
Id: 66050667
Lukashenko said that when the soldiers changed, Putin had "killed" Pleigo, but he persuaded Putin not to do so. Lukashenko (pictured) is both the old acquaintance of Porigerin, but also Putin’s close allies
(Voice of German in Chinese) Belarusian President Alexanderlukashenko confirmed on Tuesday (June 27) that the Russian mercenary group's leader of Wagner, the leader of the Russian mercenary group, has arrived in Belarus. According to local media reports, Lukashenko said: "Yes, really, he is in Belarus today."
Porigo launched a rebellion last week , Later the rebellion quickly ended Since then, his exact whereabouts have always been the focus of attention from all walks of life. According to the passenger plane tracking website Flightradar24, there was a business aircraft related to Porigojin on Tuesday morning to fly from Rostov-on-Don on the banks of the River to Minsk, and started at 4:20 at the Standard time of Greenwood. landing. It has not been confirmed whether Porigin is on the plane. Earlier, the Kremlin had said that he did not know where Pleigo was in, and the White House had stated that he could not confirm whether he was in Belarus.
The picture shows the leader of the Wagner Group, Porigo, on the 24th of Rostov on the River River, and took a military vehicle out.
Lukashenko: Putin originally wanted to "kill" Pleigo 
According to Reuters on June 28, the Belarusian official media reported that Belarusan President Lukashenko said that during the mutiny, Putin originally wanted to "kill" Pricigin, but he persuaded Putin not to do so.
Putin initially vowed to shatter the military change, comparing it with the 1917 revolution and the turmoil of the civil war, but just a few hours later, the two sides reached an agreement to allow Pleigo and some of his armed forces to be Belarus.
"I suggest to Putin not to act in a hurry. I said," Let us talk to Pleigo and his commanders '. In this regard, Putin told me:' Listen, Sasha, this is useless. Ligo) did not answer the phone, he didn't want to talk to anyone "," Lukashenko said.
The Belarusian President is both the old acquaintance of Porigo and Putin's intimate ally. Lukashenko said he suggested that Putin's vision farther, saying that killing Pleigin may lead to a wide range of resistance to the Wagner Mercenary Corps.
The Kremlin did not immediately comment on Lukashenko's remarks.
Lukashenko also said that his army can now benefit from the experience of the Wagner Legion. According to the agreement reached with the Kremlin, the Wagner Mercenary Corps can now be transferred to Belarus. Lukashenko said: "This is the most trained army. Who will refute this? ... We have no such person in Belarus."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈: This is not a coup 
On June 23, Porigo suddenly released news on social media that the Russian Ministry of Defense launched a missile attack on the rear camps of the Wagner Mercenary Corps, and the Wagner Corps was ready to respond to this. However, Pricigo only targeted the Secretary of Defense, Shi Yigu and the Chief of Staff of the Russian Army Gracimov, and did not target Putin himself for the time being. He said, "This is not a military coup, but a march in justice."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
管 Rostov on the River 
On June 24, in Rostov on the Russian River in southern Russia, Wagner's mercenaries announced that they took over the major military headquarters in the region. There was a video there in Porigin, saying that his man went to Moscow to start "justice". He also said that "Russia will soon have a new president." Then, the Russian Procuratorate filed a case on the "armed riots", and the National Security Agency began to investigate the whereabouts of Perigzin.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Chechen armed for armed for intervention 
It seems to be on the string. Cadrov, leader of Chechen area(Ramzan Kadyrov)It was said on June 24 that his armed forces had been opened to "intense areas" and prepared to assist the Kremlin Ping Ping Wagner Mercenary Corps rebellion. He wrote on social media: "We will do our best to maintain Russia's unity and defend the country."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Putin: The dagger from behind 
Facing the "rebels north", Russian President Putin delivered a TV speech. "In 1917, Russia suffered such a blow. At that time, it was the first world war. But the victory was taken away. Various political adventurers and Foreign forces killed Russians by themselves, and they tear up the country in order to seek private interests. We will not let this happen again. "He said that armed resistance was" betrayal of the country "," dagger who came over "from behind," every Those who participate in the rebels will be punished. " But Putin also said that Wagner soldiers can be called "heroes", and they have liberated the Donbass region in southern Ukraine.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Moscow City Enter "Very Period" 
On June 24, when the Trojan troops were allegedly 200 kilometers away from the capital, Moscow implemented the martial law of the counter -terrorism action model. Authorities require residents to restrict travel. The Moscow's municipal department also ordered that for the sake of safety, the city continued to maintain martial law on Monday's working day.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riotHowever, as soon as June 24th, the Belarusian President Luka Shenko suddenly issued a statement saying that with the consent of Russian President Putin, a agreement was reached with Porigin. Activity. Porigabin quickly confirmed the agreement. He said: "We are ordering the troops to turn around and return to the field camp." He also said that he understood the importance of this moment and didn't want to "let Russia bleed." As for whether the criminal investigation of Porigin is canceled, the current statement is different. 
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈 
Born in 1961 in Leningrad, the current St. Petersburg. He has served in Soviet prison for 9 years for robbery and fraud. After being released from prison, he started making hot dog food cars in his hometown and set up a catering company Concord to provide catering for the national banquet. This kind of cooperation brings him the title of "Putin Chef". In 2014, Porigin founded a private mercenary "Wagner Group".
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Wagner Legion 
Wagner's mercenaries involved in Ukraine for the first time in 2014 to help Russia illegally annexes the Crimean Peninsula. After Russia's full invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the fighting power of the Wagner Corps in the fierce battle in eastern Ukraine became an important military asset of the Kremlin. The source of the soldiers comes from Russia's retired officers, police, and prisoners who want to be released in advance. Foreigners can also join in addition to NATO countries and Ukraine. His commander Ulin worshiped German musician Wagner, and the legion was named.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Porigo does not accept the leadership of the Ministry of National Defense 
The Wagner Legion has been active on the front line of the war, such as playing an extremely important role in Bachmum's surrounding war. However, in recent months, fierce quarrels broke out with the senior executives of the Russian army, and believed that the Ministry of National Defense did not provide enough ammunition supply during the Bach Murut Campaign. Husbands should be responsible for the large number of casualties of the Wagner Mercenary Soldiers. Since June, the Russian Ministry of Defense demanded that the mercenaries have signed an agreement to obey the command before the end of the month. This seems to be tantamount to disarm, and the contradictions have been further intensified.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
? 
On June 26, Russian Defense Minister Shao Yigu, who was accused of "incompetence", was named "incompetent" on TV, explaining that he inspected the frontline troops, but no time and place were not explained. However, people are more concerned about the whereabouts of Porigerin. According to the agreement reached with Belarus, he should go there. Reached? His journalist informed, "Porigerjin asked everyone. Once you can send and receive information, he will answer everyone's question."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
How many people will follow him? 
In theory, he can take his mercenaries to Belarus. Not sure how many people will follow him. However, the Wagner Legion's business is all over the world. Libya, Syria, Africa, and Venezuela in Latin America are the place where the mercenaries are made. Soldiers who were on the battlefield allegedly could get 5,000 US dollars per month. Porigabin claims that there are still 25,000 troops, and the US intelligence unit estimates that this number should double.
### "We don't want Price Mercenaries for Porigjin"
Regarding Porigin's arrival in Belarus, the Belarusian opposition leader Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya's chief political adviser Franakviacorka told DW that this was very dangerous for Belarus's society and independence. The same is true for neighboring Poland, Lithuania and Latvia.
Viakaka said: "Porigjin is likely not to come alone, but will bring his mercenaries and bring thousands of people who have participated in torture and kill the Ukrainian people. Kashenko has a threat to nuclear weapons for our neighbors and the entire European. "He added that many nuclear weapons have been transported from Russia to Belarus in the past few weeks, and Lukashenko or Russian President Putin may intend to use at some point to use These weapons.
Viakaka pointed out that the Belarusians were shocked by the news of the arrival of Pleigo. "We don't want the mercenaries of Porigjin, we don't want the Russian army. We will start to think about how to get rid of them as soon as possible." According to Viakaka, the suppression operation of the Belarusian government is likely to increase, and Wagner's troops may bear Start the role of defending Lukashenko.
Wagner Group "Rebellion" Head: What is the significance of war? 
Eastern European countries worry 
NATO countries in Eastern Europe are concerned that Wagner's mercenaries move to Belarus may lead to more serious regional instability. Polish President Andrzej Duda said NATO must respond strongly.
After meeting with other NATO leaders in Hague, he said: "This is really serious and very worrying. We must make very strong decisions. This requires a very and tough response."
Lithuanian President Gitanas Nauseda also warned: "If Wagner deploys their serial killers in Belarus, all neighbors will face greater unstable risks."
Jensstoltenberg, Secretary -General of NATO, said that the consequences of Poriger's move to Belarus and might bring many Wagner forces to make any final judgments, which is too early. However, he also said: "We have sent clear information to Moscow and Minsk, and NATO will protect every allies and protect every inch of NATO's territory."
The picture shows the Russian President Putin spoke to the army and security personnel on the 27th.
Putin: Wagner is completely funded by the statePutin said that the total amount of funding reached 86.26 billion rubles (about $ 1 billion; 930 million euros) from May 2022 to March 2023. "We all funded this group," said Putin, and described some members of Wagner who participated in the rebellion as "traitors." 
In Russian Government and Porigo reached an agreement After Wagner's entry into Moscow, Putin said on Monday (26th) that Vagina members can choose to return to China Or, or go to Belarus with their leaders, you can also sign a contract to join the Russian army.
In addition, the Russian government announced on Tuesday that the Federal Security Agency (FSB) 's criminal investigation against the Wagner rebellion has ended and will not sue Porigo or his followers in the name of an armed rebellion. According to RIA, the investigation was revoked because "the participants have stopped acting directly for crime." The report quoted the Russian Ministry of Defense, saying that Wagner was preparing to transfer his military equipment to the government.
Wagner Anti -Water Russian Media 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/普里戈津抵達白俄羅斯-卢卡申科-普京本要-干掉-他/a-66050667?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Objury Artist Bashuo: As long as there are still Hong Kong people, there will be Hong Kong 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T12:10:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:06:01-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Pan Di Cao sent a message to flow into Hong Kong people. Do not worry about mourning. "As long as there are still Hong Kong people, there will be Hong Kong." Stone photoThe latest paintings of Patsuma, depicting Chinese President Xi Jinping, and Russian President Putin devoured human flesh. (Stone photo)
The latest paintings of Patsuma, depicting Chinese President Xi Jinping, and Russian President Putin devoured human flesh. (Stone photo)
The latest paintings of Patsuma, depicting Chinese President Xi Jinping, and Russian President Putin devoured human flesh. (Stone photo)
While Pan Dao Cao created a large number of paintings to support Hong Kong during the anti -mid -term movement in Hong Kong. (Screenshot of Pan Di Caocao Social Media)
Hong Kong artist's drenched work "Apple". (Stone photo)
Former Hong Kong Visual Art Teacher Vawongsir, the creative idea of "Pillar of Guo Yan". (Stone photo)
Baba Toshi's painting, supporting Huang Zhifeng, a Hong Kong democrat in the prisoner. (Stone photo)
Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/gangtai/al-06282023113927.html/@stream During the Hong Kong -in -laws in 2019, the streets and networks emerged in large numbers of "fighting and publicity". Among them, Australian Chinese artist Bashuo Cao created a large number of paintings in Hong Kong, voiced for the suppressed Hong Kong people, and at the same time depicting the international community in the international community. He recently appeared in London with the latest paintings and accepted an exclusive interview with this station. He described the current situation in Hong Kong that was "distressed", but he sent a message to flow from Hong Kong people.
Australian Chinese artist Bashuo won the Harveil International Creative Objury Award In a church in the center of London, Uyghur human rights activist Rahima Mahmut used singing to sing her thoughts on her hometown.
She fled Xinjiang and moved to the UK in 2000. In recent years, the Chinese government imprison Uyghur with a large -scale "re -education camp". Like countless overseas Uighurs, she has lost contact with her relatives in China. I heard again, only the family's death.
Rashma said: "A few months ago, I heard the news that made me shattered. I learned that my elder sister had died, but I couldn't call my family, call my brothers and sisters, and ask them how they are now. This is the cruel and cruel suppression of the Chinese government. I am just one of thousands of Uighurs in exile. In my human rights activities and other work, music is my escape door, and music gives me hope. "
Uyghur human rights activist Rahimamahmut sang her thoughts about her hometown. (Stone photo) Xi Jinping's "eating human flesh" painting stimulates the CCP sensitive nerves 
She used traditional Uyghur music to complain about the cruelty of the Chinese government; and Australian Chinese artist Bashuo, who expressed his dissatisfaction with the power of the totalitarian in painting. His latest paintings depict Chinese President Xi Jinping, and Russian President Putin devoured human flesh, stimulating the sensitive nerves of the Communist Party of China. The Chinese Embassy in Poland had previously put pressure on a local art center, saying that the work discredited Chinese leaders and asked to cancel the exhibition of Patsuma.
However, the Polish organizer continued to do the exhibition ignored the threat of the Communist Party of China. Some of the works exhibited in Poland moved to London. Pan Dancao, who appeared in London, was interviewed by this station, telling his experience of being reviewed by the Chinese government. Today, he is no longer afraid of the CCP's threats and has a close relationship with Hong Kong.
After the Hong Kong exhibition was forced to cancel, he took off the mask 
At the end of 2018, he originally planned to host the exhibition "Communist Song" in Hong Kong, but suddenly canceled the day before the opening: "The Communist Party will not only find a way to cancel my exhibition, but also threatened my own personal safety, threatened and me The personal safety of the people and my family in China. "
At that time, his family in China was taken to the Public Security Bureau to question, and the police canceled the exhibition through the threatening of the family's threatened family.
Although the exhibition could not be held in the end, this experience prompted Ba Dancao to take off the mask, see people from the true face, and no longer hide their identity.
Thank you Hong Kong people for supporting him with painting 
After the Hong Kong exhibition of Ba Di Cao was forced to cancel, the Hong Kong people helped him "exhibit" his work in their way. (Screenshot of Ba Di Caocao Social Media) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-28T12-10-00-04-00/000012.png) This movement drives Pan Zao Cao to create a large number of paintings to support Hong Kong during the period of the Hong Kong movement in Hong Kong. He also designed the "Lian Nong Wall Banner" and gave it to Hong Kong singer He Yunshi: "Some of my works can move after Hong Kong. During the 2019 counterfeiting campaign, it is liked by protesters and citizens in Hong Kong. To them and support them, it is a great honor for me. It is also some small things I can do to return the encouragement and help they have given me. "
Hong Kong people are scattered in the Quartet and Paqual Cao: A person's hometown will follow him 
This exhibition in London is named after being "banned by Beijing". At the same time, Hong Kong artists are dripping and the works of Hong Kong visual art teachers VAWONGSIR. No".
The paintings of these Hong Kong artists can no longer be exhibited in Hong Kong, just like the works of Ba Diren. Since the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District" takes effect, Hong Kong's artistic creation, movies, music, and even books cannot escape the "review of the red line". Pan Dancao was sad, and even described the current situation in Hong Kong with "sadness". However, the Hong Kong people who sends out the stream should not be mourned.
"Perhaps more Hong Kong people, especially young people, would choose to leave their hometown, but this does not represent the fall of Hong Kong. Because I always feel that a person's hometown will follow him. Even so Duo Hong Kong people are in exile, but they come to bring Hong Kong's spirit, culture, and self -identity. This kind of thing is that there is no way to eliminate and kill the Communist Party of China. "
"I think as long as there are still Hong Kong people, as long as there is this breath, there is still hope, there is Hong Kong."
Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Editor: Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/al-06282023113927.html 
Chairman of the Military Commission of the House of Representatives led the regiment to visit Taiwan 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T12:14:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:21:35-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Rogers, chairman of the US House of Representatives Military Commission, met with Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen on the afternoon of the 28th. Provided by the Presidential Palace of Taiwan
Rogers, chairman of the Military Commission of the House of Representatives, led a delegation to Taiwan on the 27th to launch a three -day visit. On the afternoon of the 28th, Taiwan's president Tsai Ing -wen met.
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Taiwan said that a total of nine cross -party members of the United States Association delegation are the largest members of the Military Commission of the House of Representatives in recent years, showing the United States' high attention to the peace and stability of the Indo -Pacific region.
The Presidential Palace of Taiwan stated that the United States recently promoted a proposal such as the National Defense Authorization Act. The first batch of agreements on the 21st Century Trade Initiative of Taiwan and the United States had been signed in early June. Beauty partnership.
Analysis of American consumers and business channels said that Rogers visited Taiwan at the time of the Bayeng government attempting to stabilize US -China relations. Since the Chinese spy balloon incident in February, the relationship between the two countries has fallen to freezing. US Secretary of State Brills visited China a few days ago, emphasizing dialogue and strengthening contact. However, Rogers's visit to Taiwan may bring the opposite effect. It is reported that the U.S. Congress shows a more reverse emotions than the White House, which is one of the minority issues that the United States can reach consensus.
The Beijing side has not responded to any response to the US delegation's visit to Taiwan.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-06282023114736.html 
New Zealand Prime Minister Hipkins visited China and signed a number of trade agreements with China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T12:16:14-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:16:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 New Zealand Prime Minister Higgins and Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang jointly witnessed an agreement signing ceremony in the Great Hall of the People on the 28th. Associated Press Picture
New Zealand Prime Minister Hipkins made a formal visit to China on June 25-30. During the meeting with Chinese leaders Xi Jinping and Premier Li Qiang of the State Council.
On the 28th, the two parties announced a joint statement of comprehensive strategic partnership agreements, reiterating that in accordance with the United Nations Charter to respect each other's sovereignty and territorial integrity, New Zealand reiterated to adhere to the policy of the first middle school.
In addition, the two sides agreed to strengthen food safety, agriculture, customs and trade facilitation, scientific and technological innovation, and law enforcement based on the recent dialogue of diplomatic, economy and trade, and national defense.
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, Hipkins faded down the issue of human rights in China, the tension of the Taiwan Strait, and any criticism of Beijing's position on the Russia and Ukraine War, saying that the meeting re -confirmed the important economic connection between the two countries.
Although New Zealand is full of criticism, Hipkins insisted that the solid economic relationship with China will help New Zealand's economic recovery.
The New Zealand economy entered a decline earlier this year because exports declined and the country's most important agricultural slowdown.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-06282023114120.html 
Xi Jinping was promoted to two generals 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T12:17:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T15:36:06-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Zheng Xuan, a political member of the northern theater, and Ling Huanxin, Political Member of the Academy of Military Sciences Network screenshot
Xi Jinping, chairman of the Central Military Commission, attended the ranking of generals held by the CPC Central Military Commission in Beijing on the 28th. Two political members were promoted to generals.
According to Chinese official media reports, the promotion was promoted to the general: Zheng Xuan, a political member of the Northern Theater, and Ling Huanxin, a political member of the Academy of Military Sciences.
Public information shows that Zheng Xuan is 58 years old and graduated from graduate students of the National Defense University. In January 2017, he served as the deputy political commissar and director of the Political Department of the Central Theater, and is currently a political member of the Northern Theater and the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Ling Huan is currently 61 years old, and he has served as deputy minister of the Organization Department of the former General Political Department. In 2016, he was transferred to the Director of the Political Work Department of the Northern Theater and Major General. In 2019, he served as Deputy Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission of the Central Military Commission, the current political member of the Academy of Military Sciences, and 20 alternate members of the Communist Party of China.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-06282023113311.html 
French police shot a 17 -year -old boy in the suburbs of Paris and caused the people to anger 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T12:17:02
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:17:02
Description: A 17 -year -old teenager in Nantel, a French capital in Paris, said that he was shot dead by the police because he did not follow the police parking order, which caused public anger. The demonstrators subsequently broke out with the police.
Images: [" 33L787X-highr... ", " 33L9677-highr... ", " image-1-16879... ", " image-2-16879... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '法国']
Type: Article
 On June 27, 2023, the French policeman killed a teenager who refused to park for traffic inspection in the Nantaer area. After that, the firefighters went to the local demonstration venue to extinguish a fire car.(French media)A 17 -year -old teenager in Nantel, a French capital in Paris, said that he was shot dead by the police because he did not follow the police parking order, which caused public anger. The demonstrators subsequently broke out with the police.
Prosecutors said that earlier on the 27th, the teenager drove a rented car in the western suburbs of Paris at the time, and the police stopped it because of violation of several road rules.
A period of videos confirmed by Agence France -Presse circulating on social media showed that two policemen tried to stop the car. One of the policemen pointed the weapon to the driver through the window and was close to the young man's obvious driving. Fight. The car was hit after moving dozens of meters.
Emergency service staff tried to recover the teenager at the scene, but he died soon.
Local residents held protests outside the police headquarters. According to the video played by local media, the tension between the police and the demonstrators was intensified later on the 27th. Bullets responded.
 On June 27, 2023, after the French policeman killed a teenager, Nanthar in western Paris held a demonstration. When the firefighters are extinguishing the fire, the police in the riot equipment stand on the side(French media)The authorities said that 9 people have been arrested in the conflict.
Local media released some video clips that young people conflicted with the police until late at night. One of the videos seemed to show that there were also protests in the center of Paris -nearly 11 kilometers from this turbulent suburbs.
The Prosecutor's Office of Nantel District stated that the police officer who was charged with the driver had been arrested for murder.
French Minister of Internal Affairs Jerald Dalmaen told the parliament that two police officers involved in the case were interrogating and acknowledged the picture posted on social media "extremely shocking."
 French police are accused of violence on pension protest activities(Peninsula TV Station)The victim's team of lawyers (a total of 3 lawyers) confirmed the identity of the 17 -year -old victim, his name was Nael M.
The lawyers refuted a statement from the police in a statement -a police statement stated that the police had a risk of life because the driver threatened to knock them down.
The family lawyer Yasin Bzlu told the local media that although all parties need to wait for the results of the investigation, the relevant image "clearly shows a police officer killing a young man coldly."
He said, "This is far from any form of legal defense." He also added that the family members of the victim had filed a complaint and accused the police of "lying" -the police initially claimed that the car tried to hit the police.
During the traffic inspection last year, France had a police shooting incident and killed 13 people and set a historical record. This time, the second fatal shooting incident occurred in such circumstances in 2023. In 2021, three people were shot and killed by the police for refusing to follow the traffic inspection, and two died in 2020.
The statistics of Reuters' deadly shooting in 2021 and 2022 showed that most victims of police shooting were African or Arabic.
Monia Labsi, a local resident and anti -racist activist, said, "As a mother from Nantel, I feel strong for our children." She said that she has already with the victim's Algeria’s Algeria’s The descent family talked.
 The Gunner attacked the Kurdish Center in Paris(Peninsula TV Station)
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/28/%e6%b3%95%e5%9b%bd%e8%ad%a6%e5%af%9f%e5%9c%a8%e5%b7%b4%e9%bb%8e%e9%83%8a%e5%8c%ba%e6%9e%aa%e6%9d%80%e5%8d%81%e4%b8%83%e5%b2%81%e5%b0%91%e5%b9%b4%e8%bf%9b%e8%80%8c%e5%bc%95%e5%8f%91%e6%b0%91%e4%bc%97 
Bynden considers new restrictions on the export of AI chips in China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T12:18:57-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:18:57-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the gate of Nvidia California Headquarters. Last year, the United States' restrictions cut off the most advanced exports of AI chips produced by Nvidia and AMD. Associated Press information picture
The American Biden government is considering the artificial intelligence (AI)New restrictions are implemented by chip exports.
According to the US "Wall Street Journal" report on Thursday, people familiar with the matter revealed that the US Department of Commerce may take action as soon as possible to prohibit Nvidia and other chip manufacturers export chips to China and other key countries without obtaining licenses.
It is reported that this action will be part of the final version of export control measures announced in October last year.
Last year, the United States' restrictions cut off the exports of the most advanced AI chips produced by Nvidia and AMD. At that time, the response measures taken by Nvidia was to create a chip version called the A800 for the Chinese market, which was lower than the threshold stipulated by the US Department of Commerce.
People familiar with the matter said that the US Department of Commerce is considering prohibiting selling A800 chips without a license.
In addition, the U.S. government is also considering restricting rental cloud services to Chinese AI companies, which uses this lease arrangement to avoid export ban on advanced chips.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-06282023112841.html 
For the first time in South Korea, the Korean person personally included in the sanctions list on the DPRK 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T12:24
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:24
Description: South Korea imposed unilateral sanctions on Korean -American citizens who helped North Korea carry out illegal financial activities and jointly invested in North Korea. The Yonhap News Agency reported that the South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced on Wednesday (June 28) that the Korean Russian Russian Cui Tian, who will violate the UN Security Council's sanctions resolution ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '制裁朝鲜', '融资', '俄罗斯']
South Korea imposed unilateral sanctions on Korean -American citizens who helped North Korea carry out illegal financial activities and jointly invested in North Korea.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that the South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced on Wednesday (June 28) that the Korean Russian Russians Cui Tiankun (transliteration) who violated the UN Security Council's sanctions resolutions on the DPRK was included in the list of individual sanctions on the North Korea. Cui Tiankun's representatives of the Mongolian and Russian companies, as well as his helper and the representative of the North Korean Trade Bank in Vladivostok, also listed as the object of sanctions.
This is the first time that the South Korean government has included Korean personnel on the sanctions list on North Korea. The two individuals and two companies were blacklisted by one country for the first time.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of South Korea revealed that Cui Tiankun was originally a South Korean citizen and later received Russian citizenship. He intervened in violation of the Security Council's sanctions against the North Korea and served the North Korean regime. In order to avoid sanctions, he set up a leather bag company in Mongolia to help North Korea's illegal financial activities. At the same time, he and Xu Ming set up a trading company in Russia with Xu Ming to carry out activities. Xu Ming's North Korean Trade Bank was listed as a sanctions on August 2017.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of South Korea said that Cui Tiankun's use of financial networks in South Korea will play a substantial role in restricting his violation of sanctions on the North Korea. If you want to conduct foreign exchange or financial transactions with the individual and entities listed as the object of sanctions on the North Korea, you must obtain the approval of the Central Bank President and the Financial Commission in advance, and the transaction will be punished according to law.
This is the ninth time that Yin Xiyue has appointed a unilateral sanctions on North Korea since he served as the President of South Korea. So far, a total of 45 individuals and 47 entities have been included in the blacklist.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408598 
Frequent conflicts of criminals and law enforcement units are still abducted by Mexican police 14 employees 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T12:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:05:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Mexican Duklagtiz, 28th) The Chiapas authorities in southern Mexico said that 14 administrators of the local police forces were abducted by the armed people when they drove along the road yesterday.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In the statement, the State Security Bureau of Chia Pas said that all male employees were abducted. Ocozocoautla was taken away by a member of the armed organization on a highway.
According to the films released on the Internet, several people equipped with long guns and wearing bullet -proof vests stood next to at least 3 trucks, and these trucks blocked the road. Prosecutors said they were verifying the authenticity of the film.
The Mexican "Reforma" reported that the militants stopped vehicles carrying police officers from police authorities, took their mobile phones, and ordered them to lie on the ground.
According to the "Reform Daily", the criminals released the women among these people, but they took the male.
A spokesman for the Security Bureau said: "Never happened." And added the motivation to investigate the abduction case.
Both Federal and State law enforcement officers joined the search operation.
Recently, in the Oukosko Outra region, conflicts between criminals and law enforcement agencies have continued.
The area is also a popular transit station for immigrants and drug trafficking.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E7%BD%AA%E7%8A%AF%E4%B8%8E%E6%89%A7%E6%B3%95%E5%8D%95%E4%BD%8D%E5%86%B2%E7%AA%81%E9%A2%91%E4%BB%8D-%E5%A2%A8%E8%A5%BF%E5%93%A5%E8%AD%A6%E6%96%B914%E9%9B%87%E5%91%98%E9%81%AD%E7%BB%91 
Lithuania purchases NASAMS air defense system for Ukraine 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T13:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Vilnius, 28th) The Lithuanian government said today that Lithuania has purchased two Norwegian "National Advanced Air Defense Systems" (NASAMS) for Ukraine and will be sent to Ukraine within 3 months.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Lithuania was announced by President Gitanas Nauseda as the above announcement. Sata will talk to the Ukrainian President Volodymyrzlenskyy.
Nausada wrote on Facebook: "NASAMS launcher will arrive in Ukraine in the near future."
He said in another film: "Even in the case of inventory, we are looking for opportunities to help friends."
Lithuanian Minister of Defense Arvydas Anusauskas said the contract signed by Lithuania with KongsbergRuppen yesterday, worth 9.8 million euros (about NT $ 333 million).
Through the tweet, Zerorenski thanked Sataya on this purchase case.
He wrote: "For defending the Ukrainian sky and saving the life of the Ukrainian people, this is an important and timely contribution. Together with victory together!"
The Lithuanian Ministry of Defense also said that Norway will provide NASAMS support equipment to Ukraine, and Lithuania will also transport 10 M113 armored troops to Ukraine. Together with the ammunition that will be transported this year, Lithuania offers Ukraine's military aid in total will exceed 500 million euros.
The Office of the Sataya said that Nausida is expected to discuss with Zeroski in the North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) Summit in Lithuania's capital Vilnius next month, and Ukraine's application for joining the European Union (EU) membership Qualification negotiation.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E7%AB%8B%E9%99%B6%E5%AE%9B%E4%B8%BA%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E9%87%87%E8%B4%ADnasams%E9%98%B2%E7%A9%BA%E7%B3%BB%E7%BB%9F 
African -American teenagers refusing to inspect and kill violent demonstrations in the outbreak of French cities 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T13:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 28th) French 17 -year -old African -American teenager Naer was shot and killed by police officers for refusing to be inspected. The police spoke differently and out of the picture, causing anger and riots in multiple cities. French police officers and racial discrimination and other issues once again floated on the stage. Judicial units are investigating whether the police are violent law enforcement.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A 17 -year -old African -American teenager Nael (Nael) was more than 8 am on the 27th, driving and refused to obey the inspection of the roadside and was shot and killed by the NANTERRE policeman. President Emmanuelmacron expressed his condolences this morning through spokesman Olivier Vran.
According to the police, at that time, a Mercedes -Benz car who had violated traffic rules and drove on the bus on the bus repeatedly at the time, but the driver refused to stop and attempted to drive in the car when a policeman approached. The police officer shot and injured his chest at the age of 17, causing his cardiopulmonary function to stop and not treat them.
However, the film at the time was circulating in Twitter at the time, but the story was not the same: two police officers checked a yellow car and parked the car. One of the police officers seemed to be holding the car in the car and took the gun Point at him. Essence
The film shows that when the yellow vehicle was launched again, the police officer standing on the left side of the vehicle fired, and the car drove tens of meters to hit the roadblock and stopped. In other words, driving did not try to collide with police officers.
The victim's family lawyer pointed out today that Naer was a sender of Bisa. "The neighbors like him very much, and there is no criminal record."
The death of Nerles ignited the anger. Since yesterday evening, the street protests that were dissatisfied with the violence and the law enforcement of the police have emerged. There is also a riot and retaliation attack. The people cast a smoke gun.
Lately, the riot spread to neighboring cities, and even the Paris suburbs, Bordeaux and Marseille also rioted. A total of 31 people have been arrested and 24 police officers have been injured so far.
The incident immediately reminded the French people in 2016 that the ADAMA Tra on French African -American youth, who was bizarre during the police's police, was one of the most concerned French police officers at the time.
Nael's death once again set off disputes over French circles on police violence, racial discrimination and other issues, as well as the police's debate with the timing of guns. Political figures have stated that they have made Laudan label with Florad, an African -American man, who were killed by the police, jumped into France today.
The Internal Affairs Minister Gerald Darmanin said at a press conference this morning that the picture was shocking, and "did not comply with French law."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E9%9D%9E%E8%A3%94%E9%9D%92%E5%B0%91%E5%B9%B4%E6%8B%92%E6%A3%80%E9%81%AD%E5%B0%84%E6%9D%80-%E6%B3%95%E5%9B%BD%E5%9F%8E%E5%B8%82%E7%88%86%E5%8F%91%E6%9A%B4%E5%8A%9B%E7%A4%BA%E5%A8%81 
Facts ｜ US media confirmed that Wagner took US $ 6.2 billion in the United States Central Love Bureau? 
Author: 作者：庄敬、郑崇生，发自台北、华府
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T13:14:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:18:51-04:00
Description: Author: Zhuang Jing, Zheng Chongsheng, from Taipei and Washington
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Photo: RFA
Tags: error 
Reading in one minute: 
The Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group launched an armed rebellion on June 24, and ended in Belarus next day. Asian facts check the laboratory that many "big V" users on Weibo claim that the Los Angeles Times has confirmed that the Wagner Group took $ 6.2 billion from the CIA and attached a screenshot of reports.
After investigation, the Los Angeles Times did not publish a report that confirmed that Wagner took money from CIA; screenshots of reports on the Internet were suspected to be transformed. It was not mentioned that Wagner was not mentioned, but was reposted with the wrong Chinese translation with the wrong Chinese translation, and the photos of the Wagner leader to the Chinese social media.
Deep analysis: 
In the 16th month of the Russian and Ukraine War, the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group called on June 24 under the call of leader YevgenyPrigozhin. The next day, the army was withdrawn after mediation by Belarus. The dramatic "one -day rebellion" attracted global attention, and "Wagner" once appeared on Weibo hot search, causing various comments and conjectures.
Asian factual inspection laboratory found that on Weibo, Twitter and other platforms, a screenshot of the Los Angeles Times was widely spread. The communicator claimed that the US media had confirmed: "Wagner has been engaged in this soldier, the action is so large, I really took 6.2 billion US dollars from the United States CIA "; the forwarder included a number of bloggers with Weibo certification, with hundreds of thousands of fans, and quickly set off a wave of public opinion.
Screenshots of the Internet Doubt Scriptures and Error Translation **
The online screenshot from the Los Angeles Times reported "Pentagon’ s Accounting Error Means Anextra $ 6.2 Bill Forukraine. " However, the original report of the Los Angeles Times was the American Patriot missile. Some bloggers are also with the wrong Chinese translation (pictured below).
Photos: Screenshots of the Los Angeles Times reported on platforms such as Weibo and Twitter, claiming that the Wagner Group has won $ 6.2 billion in the United States Central Love Bureau. However, the Los Angeles Times did not mention the Wagner Group, and the two were not matching the pictures. (Picture from Weibo, Los Angeles Times website) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-28T13-14-00-04-00/000003.png) Asian factual investigation laboratory found Report published by the Los Angeles Times on June 21 The original report was unpopular. Search with keywords such as "Wagner" and "Zhongqing Bureau", and no reports of the US media "confirmed that Wagner took $ 6.2 billion from CIA".
Another Netizen claims , Tesla President Elonmusk issued "sitting" Wagner and CIA for $ 6.2 billion to launch a rebellion. However, the Twitter number indicates that the Parody account, and its original text is only questioning the "more than $ 6.2 billion to Ukraine", and it does not mention that Wagner has something to do with this matter.
Weibo "Big V" user transferred Musk Musk's "imitation" account tweet. (Picture from Weibo) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-28T13-14-00-04-00/000005.png) Regarding the U.S. Department of Defense, the Ministry of Defense Floor the army to help Ukraine 6.2 billion US dollars in the military, Sabrina Singh, deputy spokesperson of the Ministry of Defense, explained a press conference on June 20 The reason for errors is that the United States military aid Ukraine is mostly old weapons and should be estimated at a net book net value, but in some cases, officials use reset costs (also known as current costs) calculations, so that the amount of military aid Ukraine is highly estimated. Essence
Biden: The United States has not involved in Wagner rebellion Porigin and Wagner Group were imposed by multiple rounds of sanctions by the United States, the European Union and other places. The Ministry of Finance issued a statement on June 27 It is pointed out that sanctions were imposed on four companies in Russia, the United Arab Emirates, and the Central African Republic. They were accused of being very close to the Wagner Group and Porigo, suspected of engaging in illegal gold transactions and providing funds to Wagner. U.S. State Department said Sanctions have nothing to do with the rebellion last weekend.
Asian facts investigating the laboratory on the 26th inquire about the US CIA and the State Council with an email.
in conclusion: 
After investigation, the Los Angeles Times did not release the so -called report that the Wagner Group took the US Central Love Bureau's $ 6.2 billion in the United States Central Love Bureau. The Chinese title reposted by netizens was wrong and the picture was replaced. The online "US media confirmed that Wagner took US $ 6.2 billion in the US Central Love Bureau" was a false rumor.
ASIA FACT Checklab is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about the spread of any media and social software, welcome to email AFCL@rfa.org Send it to the Asian factual inspection laboratory, and we will verify and verify it for you. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-06282023131020.html 
Report: The United States is considering new restrictions on implementing artificial intelligence chips exported to China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T13:25:51+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 05:25:51Z
Description: According to the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday (June 27) quoted people familiar with the matter, the Bayeng government is considering implementing new restrictions on exporting artificial intelligence (AI) chips to China. It is reported that this move will be part of the final edition stipulated by the export control measures announced in October last year, and it may further weaken China's ability to build AI strength.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-china-new-chip-export-restrictions-20230628/7158058.html 
The United States and Japan held an extension of deterrence dialogue to view the United States' deterrent to regional nuclear 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T13:36:32+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 05:36:32Z
Description: The U.S. government and the Japanese government held the "Extended Deterrence Dialogue (EDD) in the Whitteman Air Force Base, Missouri Air Force on June 26th and 27th. The two sides shared the assessment of the regional security environment and reviewed the conventional and US nuclear capabilities that helped regional deterrence.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['军事', '亚太', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-japan-extended-deterrence-20230628/7158061.html 
U.S. Regulatory Institution: Coronary Disease Remedy received by the scammers may be more than US $ 200 billion 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T13:52
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:52
Description: The U.S. government launched a crown disease relief plan during the popularity of crown diseases. Federal regulators said that there may be more than 200 billion US dollars (about S $ 270 billion) of crown disease relief funds falling into the hands of scammers. Reuters reports that the director of the US Small Enterprise Administration (SBA) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['冠状病毒2019', '美国', '欺诈', '特朗普', '拜登']
The U.S. government launched a crown disease relief plan during the popularity of crown diseases. Federal regulators said that there may be more than 200 billion US dollars (about S $ 270 billion) of crown disease relief funds falling into the hands of scammers.
Reuters reports that the Office of the Inspector of the US Small Enterprise Administration (SBA) issued a report on Tuesday (June 27) saying that during the epidemic, the US Small Enterprise Administration weakened regulatory measures due to eagerness to issue bailout gold.
The report states that at least 17%of the remedy for relief funds related to the new coronary virus economic damage loan (referred to as EIDL) and salary protection plan (PPP) were paid to potential scammers. During the crown disease epidemic, the total expenditure of these two plans reached about 1.2 trillion US dollars.
The SBA Supervisor's Office estimates that the fraud amount involved in the EIDL program exceeds US $ 136 billion, and the scam amount involved in the PPP plan is estimated to be US $ 64 billion.
However, the US Small Enterprise Administration raised his objection to the amount proposed by the SBA Director Inspector's Office, saying that potential stolen money was overestimated.
The US Small Enterprise Administration said that the potential amount of the potential of experts was $ 36 billion, and added that more than 86%of the possible fraud occurred in 2020, when the US president was Trump.
Biden did not take office on January 20, 2021.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408606 
Ke Palace: Happy Vatican to push Russia and Ukraine 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T14:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T13:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Moscow, 28th) The Kremlin said today that the special envoy of the Roman Catholic Pope, Pope Francis, will be in the Russian capital Moscow and President Vladimir ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Special Envoy of Fang Ji and the chairman of the Italian bishop, Matteo Mariazuppi, began to visit Russia yesterday. This was the first time since Puting sent troops to fully invade Ukraine in February 2022.
Senior Catholic clergy officers rarely appeared in Moscow, and there were no pings in the past.
The Ke Palace spokesman Dmitrypeskov said: "We attach great importance to the efforts and initiatives of the Vatican for the Hulkland crisis." He also said that Zippi is expected to be with Panting's foreign policy adviser Exelv (Yuriushakov) talks.
The Vatican said that the purpose of Zippi's trip was to "encourage humanitarian measures. Such measures can help respond to the current tragic situation and find a way to achieve fairness and peace."
Zupi visited Kyiv, Ukraine's capital in early June, and met with Volodymyr ZELENSKYY, the President of Ukraine, and did not make much progress.
But Kiev said that Zippi could help let Ukrainian prisoners of war and children brought to Russia during the war to return to the mother country.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E5%85%8B%E5%AE%AB-%E4%B9%90%E8%A7%81%E6%A2%B5%E8%92%82%E5%86%88%E6%8E%A8%E5%8A%A8%E4%BF%84%E4%B9%8C%E5%92%8C%E5%B9%B3 
China Summer Davos: Efforts to attract investment to recover new normal 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T14:18:00Z
Description: After the closure caused by the epidemic, China once again hosted the Davos Summer Forum, hoping to enhance investment attractive investment with the status of economic partners. Western companies are more willing to watch the development of things.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Id: 66058986
Li Qiang: The world should not, nor can it be returned to the state of being closed and isolated
(Voice of Germany) from Beijing to Tianjin from Beijing to port cities, green plants are endless, and they are enjoying their eyes. A 100 -kilometer highway, with new trees growing on the left and right sides. In order to achieve environmental goals, China has grown millions of trees in the country, and this effort cannot be seen here.
Tyrked with the six highways of 6 are a high -speed rail line connecting the Beijing -Tianjin cities. There are people living between them. You can see skyscrapers behind the trees. Some of them are still under construction.
"Summer Davos" 
In the past three years, China has almost isolated from the world due to the new crown epidemic. Now they will look at the future, and once again hold the Summer Davos Forum, the "New Leaders' Annual Meeting". In Tianjin, the colorful posters can be seen everywhere, and 1,500 Chinese and foreign participants are friendly.
This is the annual summer meeting held by the 14th Swiss Davos World Economic Forum. Over the past three years, the meeting was held in the form of video due to restrictions. The Chinese government hopes to release important signals by the international conference this week. Therefore, comparison with the past, foreign participants have relatively easy to get an entry visa this time.
China hopes to release positive signals in summer in summer
China is looking for investors 
China is actively attracting investors, and many corporate representatives and political people come to Tianjin, but they lack the top people. The organizer of the conference expressed satisfaction with a considerable number of American companies came to Tianjin, and of course there were many participants from Europe and Africa.
Borge Brende, chairman of the Davos Forum, emphasized that the United States and China account for 50%of the world trade Therefore, it is very important to exchange ideas for him.
Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang also highlights the significance of direct exchanges, he said when the opening of the opening The world economy is in a period of turbulence, but the world should not and cannot return to each other's closed and isolated state. His speech was translated into several languages in English, Japan, Mongolia, and Yue.
China needs investors and open international markets to digest its products, especially when economic growth is not as expected. In 2022, China's economic growth reached only 3%, not about 5.5%expected. At present, Chinese youth employment is difficult. Experts estimate that newly entered the labor market for young people unemployment rate is 20% 。
About 1,500 Chinese and foreign participants participated in Summer Davos
Western enterprises are still looking at the development of the situation 
Chantran represents the Canadian car accessories company Linamar. This international enterprise has 6 production bases in China and about 2,000 employees. Asked about the current economic situation, the business manager shrugged and said that the company decided to come to China in 2005. At that time, China's economic growth prospect was very promising, but now he is worried about stagnation.
Chan Tran said, "Our company is now more cautious about investment." To avoid risks, his company will wait for a while to see how the situation develops.
Like many Chinese participating in the Summer Davos, Chantran is unwilling to talk about politics. Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang also avoided political topics. He only mentioned the current "fierce political tensions" that he currently exists. He has not mentioned the war that Russia launched in Ukraine, and he closed his mouth without talking about Taiwan.
China seems to be completely divided into politics and business. Participants from Europe and the United States were particularly criticized for this. Many of them discuss public discussion ["China Risk]](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中国幻想的破灭/a-66033341)And want to know how to reduce its high dependence on it without abandoning the Chinese market. But how easy is it!
Frankbournois, deputy dean of the China -Europe International Business School, told the Voice of Germany, "Our politics and economy are closely linked and cannot be separated." We will lose about 5%of economic growth worldwide. "
Despite ideological differences, the World Economic Forum still wants to promote dialogue
Keep an open international communication channel 
Take cars as an example. China is still the most important market for German car manufacturers. On the streets of Tianjin, Volkswagen, BMW, Audi, Porsche and other German car brands abound. However, Chinese automobile brands are pursuing, and there are gradually increased on the street. Most of them are electric cars, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them, and most of them are of them. It is completely made in China and basically does not require foreign aid.
The competition for market share is becoming more and more intense, not only the influence of German auto manufacturers deeply felt the impact.
In this context, although there is ideological differences, the World Economic Forum still wants to promote dialogue. Maybe not everyone agrees, but at least the representatives from 90 countries can make an attempt in Tianjin.
The organizer of the meeting said that the demand for this was existed, especially the 70%of the global economic growth since last year originated from Asia. Although the size of some groups is small, it has discussed major issues such as artificial intelligence, biotechnology and health products markets. In these fields, China has occupied a large market share. Even though it is less than the government's hope, it is clear that China hopes to continue to promote future technology to drive economic growth.
However, one thing may not be performed as planned. At the entrance of the conference center, the forum provided people with the works of Chinese President Xi Jinping, and booked exquisitely, highlighting white paper printing. Just so far, people's demand for it is very limited.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国夏季达沃斯-努力招商引资恢复新常态/a-66058986?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The first case of birds infected with bird flu in Brazil's report 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T14:27
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T14:27
Description: The Brazilian Agricultural Ministry of Agriculture confirmed on Tuesday (June 27) that a breeding ground in Sailla, San Eli, found a poultry infected with high pathogenic avian influenza. This is the first time that the epidemic has been discovered in poultry since the Brazil report on the first wild bird infection on May 15th.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['巴西', '禽流感']
The Brazilian Agricultural Ministry of Agriculture confirmed on Tuesday (June 27) that a breeding ground in Sailla, San Eli, found a poultry infected with high pathogenic avian influenza.
This is the first report from the Brazil report on May 15th Wild Birds infected with avian influenza Since the first time, the epidemic has been discovered in poultry.
Xinhua News Agency reported that according to a statement from the Brazilian Ministry of Agriculture, the working group has rushed to the scene and took corresponding epidemic prevention measures, and will consider whether to take further measures according to the investigation to curb virus transmission.
The Brazilian government said that the newly discovered epidemic has not yet affected the international trade of Brazilian poultry products, and poultry products are still safe.
In addition to the poultry influenza epidemic discovered this time, Brazil has reportedly reported 50 wild birds avian influenza epidemic, which is distributed in Baya, Balana, Rio de Janeiro, South Rio Granda, and Sao Paulo.
Due to the increase in the number of bird flu in birds, the Brazilian government announced on May 22 that it has entered a 180 -day Animal Sanitation Emergency Status Essence
Avian influenza is a infectious viral disease, which mainly affects wild birds and poultry. This virus can spread to human beings through contact with the infected live poultry or poultry corpses, but the risk of public health is generally low.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408612 
Hong Kong immigrants Zou Zhizheng was elected mayor of Canada's largest city 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T14:48:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:18:05-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The New Mayor of Toronto, Canada, Hong Kong immigrants Oliviachow has repeatedly expressed support for China and Hong Kong democracy Zou Zhiyu Twitter Screenshot Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaODAO/JUNSHIWAIJIAO/LF 06282023125629.html/@@stream Hong Kong immigrants Zou Zhiyi was elected mayor of Toronto, Canada, and became the first ethnic mayor of Toronto. Zou Zhiyu has repeatedly expressed his support to support Hong Kong democracy and support June 4th. Although she was accused of participating in the activities of her pro -Chinese groups during the election, Zou Zhiyi cared about the democrats arrested in Hong Kong at the press conference after the election and insisted on defending the value of democracy.
Canada is worried that more politicians will be locked by the Chinese government Canadian Councilor Dong Yanpeng announced the club of the Consulate of the Party? * U.S. local elections select two Asian mayor Toronto, the largest city in Canada, held a supplementary election on Monday. Zou Zhiyu, born in Hong Kong, won victory and became the first Chinese mayor in Toronto. Shen Guanjian, the current mayor of Vancouver, the largest city on the west coast(Comprehension)It is also from Hong Kong immigrant families, but Shen Guanjian was born in Vancouver.
66 -year -old Zou Zhizheng immigrated to Canada with her parents at the age of 13. After she could say fluent Cantonese, after the turmoil in Hong Kong's political situation, Zou Zhizhen repeatedly expressed her support to support Hong Kong democracy. In addition to paying attention to the anti -delivery campaign, she repeatedly issued a post on social media to pay attention to June 4th. He also personally attended the commemorative June 4th event.
At a press conference after being elected, Zou Zhiyi paid attention to the arrested Hong Kong democrats. "I firmly believe that democracy is needed in Hong Kong. They are democratic soldiers. Whether it is former Hong Kong lawmakers, lawyers, pastors, etc., they are arrested and prison, just because they adhere to the right of democracy. The value of democracy is sacred. This principle. "
However, during the campaign, Zou Zhizheng participated in the meeting of the Beijing Organization -Canadian Chinese Association of Fellowship, which caused a lot of speculation. A spokesman for Zou Zhiyi responded at the time that Zou Zhiyu was not supported by the fellow congress, but he attended the meeting and greeting the people present.
Wu Quanyi, CEO of the Canadian Asian Activity Association, said that especially the urban -level politicians are not directly diplomatic, so it will be relatively low -key on geopolitical issues. Therefore Essence
"If she wants to be in power or do something, the most afraid of is to be disturbed, so she is unhappy to express her statement, but it does not mean that she is a view that she agrees with China."
Zou Zhiyu posted a photo of the June 4th "Tank Man" in 2021, calling on the public to mourn the June 4th.(Zou Zhihuan Facebook screenshot) Hong Kong artist Cai Weiji, who lives in Toronto(Ricker Choi)Zou Zhizhen was reposted on Twitter that the Hong Kong people who were concerned about the democracy were prison.
"Political figures in the West must pay special attention to foreign influence and some citizen groups supported by foreign governments. This is why we need to establish a foreign agent registration system to make everything more transparent."
This year is exactly the 100th anniversary of Canada's Chinese Law Law. Last weekend, Ottawa had a peaceful rally about the Centennial China Evaluation Law. Lin Wen, the co -founder of the Canadian Chinese Political Affairs Commission, said that the two major cities on the east and west coast of Canada have selected Chinese people. The mayor shows that there is no systemic discrimination against Chinese in Canada. Most of the related activities on the weekend are mobilized by pro -Beijing organization. The purpose is self -evident.
Reporter: Liu Fei Editor: Jiayuan.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/lf-06282023125629.html 
Right -wing German selection party won in regional elections: What does this mean for Germany? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T14:49:42
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T14:49:42
Description: After the German -Right -wing party, Germany chose the party to win in the local election held by the east town of the country, the party's state chairman and one of the most well -known right -wing politicians in Germany, Biohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Feelings.
Images: [" 33KY4UB-previ... ", " 2023-06-26T14... ", " 2023-04-17T09... ", " image-1687962... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '德国']
Type: Article
 Robert Zeseman (right) and Bio Hawk who chosen the party in Germany to choose the party in Germany and Bolker Hock the party celebrated the party for the first time in the German district council election on June 25, 2023.(French media)After the German -Right -wing party, Germany chose the party to win in the local election held by the east town of the country, the party's state chairman and one of the most well -known right -wing politicians in Germany, Biohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Feelings.
The party has just won its first victory in the German election election, and it will allow the German to choose the party to taste the administrative power for the first time.
Hock, the leader of Tulingen, Germany, predicts that the party will also achieve a more significant victory in the future. He also told the participants last Sunday that they are going to create a "political earthquake" in the state elections next year.
Songne Berge is one of the smallest regions in Germany and about 57,000 residents. However, the results of the decision last Sunday have triggered a deep concern for people to curb the failure of Germany's right -to -civilian measures.
In this local election of Naberg, Turinen, Germany chose party candidates and local lawyers Robert Zelman defeated the candidate Yulgen Kopper from the German Christian Democratic Alliance, although all other political parties are Supported Zelman's opponent, but Zelman still won 53%of votes, while Copper received only 47%of the votes. It should be pointed out that the election voting rate is 60%.
 Narnberg's two candidates, Zelman and Kopper's campaign poster(Reuters)Zeseman's campaign focuses on national politics rather than local politics.
He called for ending sanctions against Moscow and calling for the end of Russia's war in Ukraine.
Zeseman also criticized inflation, increased illegal immigration, and green energy policies. For example, the government plans to gradually eliminate family gas boilers and use heat pumps.
Such policies far exceed the scope of the power of rural managers, but it has touched the problem of winning a lot of support for the German selection of the party.
Public opinion surveys show that the party's support rate has doubled in the past year because it is trying to position itself as the only true opponent of the current status of political.
In recent weeks, the party has a gap between the positions of the heads of the head of the head of Meklenburg in the northeast-former Poori State, Shilin City, and the position of the head of the Od Siprey area border with the Polish border. Essence
In the east, Saxon, Turinen, and Brandonburg (will be elected in 2024), and the German choice of the party has always maintained a significant leading advantage.
The birth of the party in Germany 
The German selection of the party was established in 2013 to oppose the rescue support of the euro area and Germany's liability for debt. In 2015, when a large number of shelters seemed to enter the European Union, the party strongly resisted former Prime Minister Merkel's portal opening policy. Later, the party won enough votes in the 2017 election and entered the German Federal Parliament.
Although its foundation is located in the former East and Germany states, the attraction of Germany's selection of the party has become a national phenomenon.
The public opinion survey conducted by the survey agency "Kantar" on Saturday showed that Germany's support rate for choosing the party was 20%, second only to 27%of the CDU.
The ruling alliance composed of the Social Democratic Party (19%of the votes), the Green Party (15%of the votes) and the Liberal Democratic Party (7%of the vote rate) will not be able to obtain a majority seat when re -election.
Aksea Salhezer, director of the Institute of Democratic and Folk Social Research Institute of Democratic and Folk Social Research, told a reporter from the Peninsula that the results of the decisive selection of Songnnberg have "highly symbolic political influence".
He also pointed out that "more importantly, this means that the German selection of the party has received expected attention throughout Germany. They exaggerated the election of the small place Matsushi Berger in the publicity and used it as the Tulinenen as the Tulinenen. State and German municipal offices and institutions '"starting shots'."
Salhezer added that "the democratic parties must draw the necessary conclusions and more effectively resist people -especially people in rural areas -the trend of not concern or ignore the voice of democratic politics."
"Dam Incident" 
The election results of Songnnberg sparked the despair and mutual accusations of other political parties and civilian social groups.
Joseph Schuster, chairman of the German Jewish Central Committee, said, "This is a dam that cannot be accepted at all in this country's democratic political forces."
Many people in Germany's choice of the party were controlled by anti -Semitism, including Hawk -he once called the Berlin Holocaust Museum as "a monument to shame."
The Green Party co -leader Ricada Lang regards the German selection of the party as "a threat to democracy" and advocates increasing investment in rural areas, so that they will not be ruled out economically.
Nanxi Fisher, the Minister of the Internal Affairs of the Social Democratic Party, said on Twitter, "When the mainstream society set off the topic of right -wing and adopts its terms and positions, Germany's choice of the party will always become very powerful."
She warned that the choice of party development in Germany could scare away foreign capital and fill the foreign labor force required for widespread workers, which would damage the German economy.
 German CD -ROM leader Melz made a speech to the media in Berlin(Reuters)Melz, the leader of the German Kiminos, said that fighting against the German selection of the party is "challenges facing all political parties", but he slammed the government's policies in environmental, energy and immigration because these policies have caused voters to alienate. In addition, he specifically mentioned the Green Party.
Melz said, "The polarization of energy policies and environmental policies is caused by the party."
Under the leadership of Melz, the head of the party at the beginning of last year, the CDU has deviated from its long -term leader Merkel's middle school road.
The German Social Democratic Party Chairman Saskia Aisken said that Melz's remarks on crimes and immigration issues benefited Germany's choice of party, but she also acknowledged that her political parties did not communicate with the people on the heat pump problem. As a result, some voters are alienated.
"With the election of right -wing politicians, they, as their political parties, have not resolved the current challenges, like their party," said, "with the election of right -wing politicians, so democracy will continue got damage."
He also accused the CDU of normalization of Germany's selection of the party.
Cracks in the firewall 
The results of Songnnberg's elections further caused people to question the so -called firewall intensity between the German selection of the party and the German mainstream parties who refused to cooperate with them.
Cracks have appeared in the eastern region, and here, Germany's choice of the party and the CDU discovered their opinions on many issues.
In Saxony in the eastern part, local Kenjia Alliance politicians often vote with Germany's choice of party parties.
 The Germans look right: The taboo party faction was more popular than ever ever before.(Peninsula TV Station)In Turinen this month, the mayor of the CDU and a member of the Party's State Committee Michael Brich publicly advocated choosing a party to cooperate with Germany. He also pointed out that "not everyone in the party is a fascist element."
"I no longer believe that the so -called firewall. Although the Federal CDU claims that this will not happen, they can't do it. I think we will see this sooner or later." Researcher Maximilian Cratet said this.
On Monday, the youth faction of the CDU in Turinen congratulated the German selection of the party for victory.
It wrote on Twitter, "It's time to put the ideology and campaign remarks aside and enter the objective politics of our constituency." But the post was deleted shortly after the release.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/28/%e6%9e%81%e5%8f%b3%e7%bf%bc%e7%9a%84%e5%be%b7%e5%9b%bd%e9%80%89%e6%8b%a9%e5%85%9a%e5%9c%a8%e5%9c%b0%e5%8c%ba%e9%80%89%e4%b8%be%e4%b8%ad%e8%8e%b7%e8%83%9c%e8%bf%99%e5%af%b9%e5%be%b7%e5%9b%bd%e6%84%8f 
Penngus Deng today simultaneously dissolved the state of Senzhou, Senzhou, July 1st 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T14:50
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T14:50
Description: Penang, Kedah, and Dengjialou Malaysia simultaneously disbanded the State Council on Wednesday (June 28). The only Samili Lanzhou, who has not dissolved parliament, has obtained the presence of the ruler of the state and dismissed the State Council on July 1. Cao Guanyou, Chief Minister of Penang Prefecture and Minister of Kedah State Sanuzi, has won separately ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马国六州选举', '槟城', '吉打', '登嘉楼', '森美兰', '马来西亚']
Penang, Kedah, and Dengjialou Malaysia simultaneously disbanded the State Council on Wednesday (June 28). The only Samili Lanzhou, who has not dissolved parliament, has obtained the presence of the ruler of the state and dismissed the State Council on July 1.
Cao Guanyou, Chief Minister of Penang State, and Minister of Kedah State Minister Sanuzi have previously obtained the approval of state Malay rule, dissolving the State Council on Wednesday to pave the way for the next state election.
Ahaya Ali, the speaker of the Dengzhou Council, confirmed to Malaysia's Femalelett on Wednesday that the Dengzhou Parliament has also been dissolved, and the official notification letter has been in the deputy director of the Dengzhou Election Committee Mohamad Saradin.
He said that with the dissolution of the state parliament, Dengzhou will be managed by the guardian government until the state is elected.
In addition, the Seminist Minister Amuminin saw Moruz, the highest ruler of Senzhou on Wednesday morning, and was allowed to dissolve the state parliament on Saturday (July 1).
After Amu Ding, a press conference said: "I will notify the President's Office of the Speaker's Office as soon as possible to notify the dissolution of the State Council for the Senn State Election Committee in order to be able to be elected with other five states."
The other two will also be held in Jilandan and Selangor, which will be held in the states of the State Council on June 22 and 23.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408621 
German media: Sino -Russian friendship boats, Xi Jinping miscalculated? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T14:58:00Z
Description: With the turbulence of Russia, will the friendship between China and Russia crack? The "Business Daily" analyzed this. "New Zurich" pays attention to China's new security regulations for foreign investment to make foreign markets.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['德中关系', '薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '专题报道：习近平访美', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '普京', '乌克兰战争', '习近平', '中国', '外资', '国家安全']
Id: 66059949
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) The "Business Daily" published by Dusseldorf published a comment article entitled "China has lost calculation with Russian partnerships" and pointed out that at the latest in Wagner Soldier Change After the occurrence, Xi Jinping can see that it is a serious strategic error with Putin. The article reviewed China ’s support for Russia’ s international stage since the outbreak of the Ukrainian war, and after Russia ’s military was unable to build it, it wrote:
"The longer the war lasts, the more ominous premonitions with the leadership of Xi Jinping: the disintegration of the western alliance that they expect, the disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal operations will not happen. On the contrary, Russia, Russia The war of aggression has strengthened the Western alliance. I hope that the Ukrainian war will contain class enemies in the United States.
Beijing restlessly watched the new unity shown by the Western and Eastern Liberty countries, and its determination to adhere to the sanctions on Russia, even if this would make the people of the country tolerate pain. Chinese leaders feel more and more, adhering to how to harm their image and economic interests with Russia's partnership. The charm of stop loss has not yet appeared effects. "
Strengthening NATO East Wing Power Defrene announced the sending troops to Lithuania 
"What makes them feel uneasy most is that although the Ukrainian war continues, the Western Union's attention is turning to China and the aggressive behavior of Taiwan and in the Indo -Pacific region. Chinese leaders observe the U.S. umbrella under the U.S. umbrella, covering it. A new security treaty in Indo -Pacific regions in Australia, Japan, and the Philippines. China also responds to the new partnership between NATO and Asian countries. Even Japan has bid farewell to foreign policies that have followed the peacekeeping foreign policy after World War II. Beijing is increasingly feeling that he is being enclosed.
However, this makes it impossible to abandon Russia. Chinese leadership cannot tolerate more unstable hotspots in the Sino -Russian border of more than 4,000 kilometers. Therefore, China ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs is anxious to promise Russia to maintain stability It is not surprising.
A unstable Russia is a nightmare for the CCP, and only a liberalized Russia is more terrible than it. Even though Beijing painfully realized that the close partnership of Putin's fragile Russia hurts China, and it cannot change this situation. "
Foreign company confidence is getting lost 
The comments of Switzerland's "New Zurich" published an article entitled "China Unexpected Investment Environment" pointed out that "more and more new regulations in China have limited the business space of foreign companies, increasing costs, and damaging it. It has been severely damaged. The Chinese economy. "
Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang attended the World Economic Forum on Tuesday on Tuesday During the global entrepreneurial dialogue, China emphasized that China will steadily expand its institutional type and continue to create a win -win business environment for investors around the world. The speech attracted warm applause of the people present.
Under the epidemic, Chinese economy is asthmatic 
However, the article pointed out that in fact, the suspicion of foreign investment in the Chinese market is not decreasing, but increasing. In addition to geopolitical factors such as the Ukrainian War and the potential conflict of the Taiwan Strait, China has launched new laws such as the "Cyber Security Law", "Data Security Law" and "Anti -Spy Law" and other new laws. The article wrote:
"For the Chinese economy, the lack of confidence in foreign companies is a dose of poison. Since the implementation of the reform and opening up policy in 1979, China's dependence on foreign investment is rarely as high as it is now. For a long time, the prosperity quickly lost motivation. The Chinese refused to consume, and private companies were no longer invested. Public finances tended to be exhausted, and the unemployment rate reached a new high of 20.8%.
Western companies have been increasing in China to create millions of jobs in China, and have made considerable contributions to China's fiscal tax. These companies are willing to continue their business here. A questionnaire survey by the EUCCC (EUCCC) shows that many companies have said they are losing their confidence in the Chinese market, but also stated that if there is a trustworthy framework condition, they are willing to continue investing in the future.
As a response to the United States -especially in the field of science and technology, Beijing wants to counter its own restrictions, which is understandable. However, compared with the US measures and Switzerland and Germany's security strategies, China's security regulations have exceeded a moderate scope. In particular, the Chinese government must convey and explain more transparently. If a short check is issued, it will only be counterproductive to allow law enforcement departments to take action at will. "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：中俄友谊的小船，习近平失算了？/a-66059949?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
During the Sweden during the Sweden, the demonstrations of the "Gulan" were allowed to burn the "Gulan Jing" 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-28T15:26:16
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T15:26:16
Description: The Swedish police announced that they were allowed to hold a demonstration, the organizer of the demonstration event to burn the Gulan Sutra outside the main mosques of Stockholm today (the first day of the slaughter festival).
Images: [" 1246423861-16... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '伊斯兰世界', '土耳其', '瑞典']
Type: Article
 Burning a book of the Gulan in the Turkish Embassy in Stockholm, Sweden(Gaidi image)The Swedish police announced that they were allowed to hold a demonstration, the organizer of the demonstration event to burn the Gulan Sutra outside the main mosques of Stockholm today (the first day of the slaughter festival).
Two weeks before the Swedish police adopted this position, the Swedish Court of Appeal rejected the police announced by the police that the Demonstration of the Gulan Classic was prohibited.
Earlier, the operation of the Gurland Classic was burned outside the Turkish embassy in January this year, and it triggered several weeks of demonstration and called for resistance to Swedish products.
A series of anti -Islamic demonstrations in Sweden and other demonstrations that defend the rights of Kurds completely irritated Turkey, and Sweden needed the consent of Turkey to join NATO.
Although the Swedish police have previously rejected the application of the demonstration of the Gurland Sutra many times, the Swedish court overturned the police's decision and said that these decisions violated the country's freedom of remarks.
"Legal but inappropriate" 
Swedish Prime Minister Ulff Kristone said at a press conference held on the 28th that he did not know how much he was approved by the police to affect the country's process of joining NATO.
He claimed that "this is a legitimate behavior, but it is not a suitable behavior." He also added that the right to decide on the demonstration of the Gulland Classics will be left to the police.
The Prime Minister of Sweden also added, "I think we live in an era where we should stay calm, and carefully think about what is the most beneficial to Sweden in the long run."
The Swedish police pointed out in a statement of the demonstration on the 28th that although this measure may "affect the country's foreign policy", the potential risks and safety consequences of the demonstration of the Gurland Sutra did not meet The point of this application.
According to the Stockholm police, it is expected that only two people will participate in the demonstration, one of which is Silwan Mimica, and the latter said in a recent interview that he was an Iraqi refugee trying to prohibit the "Gurland".
'S condemnation 
Turkey's new Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan condemned the "despicable behavior" on the first day of the Swedish Swedish Sweden.
Hakkan Fidan wrote in a tweet published on his Twitter account: "I condemn the despicable behavior committed by our" Gulan "on the first day of the Swedish Sweden."
He added that "using freedom of speech as an excuse to allow such anti -Islamic operations, this is an unacceptable thing. It means that this kind of ingenious behavior does not see it, which means to conspire."
Many Arab countries including Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Kuwait have previously condemned the act of burning in the Curry Classic in January this year.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/28/%e7%91%9e%e5%85%b8%e5%9c%a8%e5%ae%b0%e7%89%b2%e8%8a%82%e6%9c%9f%e9%97%b4%e5%85%81%e8%ae%b8%e7%bb%84%e7%bb%87%e7%84%9a%e7%83%a7%e5%8f%a4%e5%85%b0%e7%bb%8f%e7%9a%84%e7%a4%ba%e5%a8%81%e6%b4%bb%e5%8a%a8 
Lithuania purchases Norwegian air defense missile system for Ukraine 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T15:28
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T15:28
Description: President Lithuania announced that he would buy two "Norwegian advanced air -missile systems" for Ukraine. Norwegian advanced to the Air Missile System (NASAMS), also known as "National Advanced Air Missile System". Reuters reported that on Wednesday (June 28), visit Kiev, Ukraine's capital, to visit ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '立陶宛', '乌克兰', '北约', '挪威']
President Lithuania announced that he would buy two "Norwegian advanced air -missile systems" for Ukraine.
Norwegian advanced to the Air Missile System (NASAMS), also known as "National Advanced Air Missile System".
Reuters reported that Lithuania President Nausada, who visited Kiev, the capital of Ukraine on Wednesday (June 28), released a video on Tuesday night that the two NASAMS air defense missile systems "will be transported to Ukraine as soon as possible."
Kenada also said that Lithuania, Norway, and Norway producers Kongsberg Gruppen has signed contracts for purchasing NASAMS systems on Tuesday.
Sataya will meet with Ukraine President Zellezki on Wednesday to discuss Ukraine's entry into NATO. Zelei said on Tuesday that Ukraine has sufficient reasons to receive NATO's "political invitation" and attend the NATO summit next month.
NATO Summit will be held on July 11th and 12th in Vernis, the capital of Lithuania.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408740 
Fu Cong supports Ukraine to regain Crimea and others to cause heated discussions 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T15:33:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:11:27-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chinese ambassador to the European EU, Fu Cong Reuters picture Audio-Langk: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/JW-062820220203.html/@stream Fu Cong, a Chinese diplomat in Europe, recently publicly supported Ukraine's recovery of the territory, including Crimea, has caused heated discussions on the outside world. Scholars point out that China supports Crimea's return to film Taiwan, but it does not rule out that the solid alliance relationship between China and Russia has begun to shake.
Chinese envoy Li Hui meets the Ukrainian President Zelei Sky China announced the dispatch of special envoys to Russia and other countries to play "mediation people"? * * US media: China helps Iran attack UAV with Russian military assistance drones * I am just joking? "Infinite Friendship of China and Russia" has a new solution **
According to a report on Peninsula TV on June 27, when asked if China supports Ukraine's goal that is currently occupied by Russia, Fu Cong, the head of the Chinese Embassy Group, said that he supports all the territories of Ukraine's restoration of 1991. Including Crimea, which was annexed by Russia in 2014.
"I don't understand why not." Fu Cong said: "China respects the territorial integrity of all countries. When China and the former Soviet Union have established diplomatic relations, we have advocated this. But these are historical issues, and Russia and Ukraine should discuss and solve. This is our position. "
The report pointed out that the publication of Fu Cong's remarks was after the 2023 EU China Chamber of Commerce Summit Forum in Brucel's 2023 EU Business Summit on June 16.
When asked if Fu Cong could stand on behalf of the Chinese government, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning reiterated at a regular press conference on the 28th that China's position on the Ukrainian crisis is consistent and clear. Solving crisis creation conditions.
Hu Ping, editor -in -chief of the "Beijing Spring" magazine, who lives in the United States, analyzed in this interview that Fu Cong's remarks were published before the Russian Wagner's mercenary group coup, and the Chinese position was not affected by the incident. He said that the reason why Fu Cong supported Crimea on behalf of the Chinese government was filming Taiwan.
"He adopted this kind of position on this issue is mainly because others are afraid that others will support Taiwan's independence. Therefore, China first insists on territorial integrity on any occasion."
This is not the first time Fu Cong expressed his views on the Russian crisis. The report also pointed out that as early as April this year was interviewed by the New York Times, Fu Cong made a similar comment saying that China did not recognize Russia's acts of occupation of Ukrainian territory, including Crimea and Donbas. At that time, Fu Cong not only emphasized that China did not provide military assistance to Russia, but also re -explained that the then China Deputy Foreign Minister Le Yucheng's "Sino -Russian relations" that was publicly published in February last year said it was just a rhetoric.
Data photo: Fu Cong (middle), then director of the Department of Military Control of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, attended the press conference. (Associated Press) However, since the situation of Russia and Ukraine has continued to upgrade, China has never publicly condemned Russia to launch war. As early as 2014, the United Nations had voted for the draft of the Ukraine Crimean referendum submitted by the United States. At that time, Liu Jieyi, a resident representative of China, also reiterated after the voting that China respects the standpoint of sovereignty and territorial integrity of various countries. He also said that the voting of the United Nations has led to a more complicated situation and does not meet the common interests of the Ukraine people and the international community.
In addition, when Prime Minister Li Qiang visited Europe last week, EU leaders also urged him to take a strong stance on Moscow.
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs reiterated that the Wagner Workers' Mercenary Group's recently erupted by the Wagner Mercenary Group reiterated that as a friendly neighborhood and a comprehensive strategic collaboration partner of the new era, China supports Russia to maintain national stability and achieve development and prosperity. But Hu Ping believes that the Sino -Russian stabilization alliance seems to have shaken.
He said: "So this is why for a long time after the incident, the Chinese government did not make a statement. He dare not express his statement and does not know what will happen."
Reuters pointed out that Wagner's soldiers have made China began to rethink the risk of alliance with Russia. When the mutiny broke out, the Chinese government kept silent and watched. It was not until last Sunday that the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement saying that Qin Gang, a Chinese member and foreign minister, met with senior officials of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing and carried out internationally, regional and bilateral relations. Dialogue.
The alliance of comprehensive strategic collaboration between China and Russia has cooled the relationship between the European Union and China, including some EU member states, including Poland, to sanction in China and reduce economic dependence. Earlier this month, the EU Executive Committee also named Huawei and ZTE of Chinese companies, excluding them outside the construction of 5G networks. At the same time, the European Union also announced the latest sanctions last week to support Chinese entities that support Russia."Because of the excessive pro -pro -Pujing, it is irritated by the EU. At the same time, Putin may be stepped down in the near future, or Russia becomes a different form, which will be high for China." He said: "At this stage, China should be It takes a lot of effort to contact the European Union, and it will slowly change in the Russian and Ukraine War's position and it will not be so clear, but it will not be so clear. "
He also believes that although China's change in political speculation, it is the diplomatic operation of the European Union.
Fu Cong also told the Peninsula TV that there was no evidence that the two Chinese companies, Huawei and ZTE constituted a security risk of the European Union, and the EU "should not mix economic security with national security with national security to damage free trade." In addition, he did not make a commitment to China without assistance in Russia, and expressed his hope to eliminate misunderstandings through dialogue.
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: 纬 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/jw-06282023120203.html 
American Secretary of State Brillings: China's economic development is in line with US interests 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T15:46:32-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T15:46:32-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 U.S. Secretary of State Broskerer reiterated the United States' policies to China and Taiwan's stance at the Seminar of the Think Tank Foreign Relations Association on Wednesday at the Think Tank Foreign Relations Association on Wednesday, 2023, and stated that China's economic development is in line with US interests. Video screenshot/CFR
With the deterioration of US -China relations in recent years, the issues of conflict between the Taiwan Strait and the US -China trade dispute have also become the focus of attention from the international community. The chairman of the US House of Representatives Military Commission has recently led a delegation to visit Taiwan, and US Finance Minister Yellen will also visit China. US Secretary of State AntonyBlinken reiterated its US policy and stance on Taiwan at a seminar on Wednesday, and stated that China's economic development is in line with US interests.
Bollingin's visit to China, US officials have urged China to start communication again Blintin ended his visit to Huamei and China Agreement "Stable Relationship" * *** Bollingin visited China to reveal the fundamental difference between the US -China processing bilateral relations On Tuesday, Mikerogers, chairman of the US House of Representatives Military Commission, led the cross -party members to arrive in Taiwan. They will launch a three -day visit and meet Taiwan's president Tsai Ing -wen. The trip to the United States, this trip will focus on the security issues of the Indian regional regional and the future of the US -Taiwan relations, which is enough to see Washington's emphasis on the Taiwan Strait. And US Finance Minister Janetyellen plans to visit China in early July to hold a high -level economic dialogue with Chinese officials.
Brinken: There is no end point in the United States and China 
At the same time, on Wednesday, the US Secretary of State Broskented participated in a seminar organized by the New York Think Tank Foreign Relations Association (Council of Foreignaffairs). Blinken said at the meeting that China ’s ambition to expand the world has already expanded. The international order constitutes a threat: "The rise of China makes China have the power and intention to change the existing international system ... ... For countries with different views of existing systems, they may want to change international order, but the order they want is If you are not free, the order we embrace is free, so we will have competition in the future ... ... When we fight against Russia and China, we hope to have more cooperation and work with other participants in the international system. "
At the meeting, Brinken also reiterated the US position in the United States. He said that communication and understanding of the United States and China are essential: "I don't think there is an end to interact with China. We hope to coexist with China China will not disappear, and the United States will not. The United States and China are now fierce competition. We do not want competition to evolve into conflict, which is not good for everyone. So we need to take practical action, such as restoring the communication mechanism. The purpose of visiting China a few weeks ago, I believe that in the near future we will see more and more mutual visits among US and middle -level officials. "
U.S. Secretary of State Broskented on June 28, 2023 participated in a seminar (video screenshot/CFR) hosted by the New York Think Tank Foreign Relations Association (Council of Foreign Affairs) Brinken: The United States has no intention of restricting China's economic development 
Brinken said that the United States did not intend to limit China's economic development: "China believes that we want to surround it on the economy and the world stage and restrict its development, but this is not a fact, it does not conform to the interests of the United States. China believes that China believes We want to decompose with it, but in fact, the economic interaction of the United States and China has reached a new high in recent years ... ... The United States does not want to be the only economic engine in the world, so the Chinese economy has successfully complied with the interests of the United States. However, the United States cannot share China with China. It will be used to deal with American technology, which violates the interests of the United States. These technologies include nuclear weapons technology, supersonic missile research and development, and artificial intelligence to oppress the people. "
In response to the Taiwan issue, Brinken pointed out that China has continuously tried to break the status quo of the Taiwan Strait in recent times: "Since 2016, many actions taken by Beijing have shown that it does not accept the status quo of the Taiwan Strait. Requirement and try to exclude Taiwan outside the international system ... ... Therefore, the United States and countries around the world are worried that China will take action to change the current situation of the Taiwan Strait, although China constantly emphasizes that the Taiwan Strait issue is sovereign. 50%of the commercial shipping needs to pass through the Taiwan Strait, and 70%of the world's chips are manufactured by Taiwan. If there is a conflict between the Taiwan Strait, it will cause a global financial crisis. "
Brinken: Welcome China to play an important role in the mediation of the Russian and Ukraine War 
Regarding China constantly emphasizing that I hope to play the role of the medium in the Russian and Ukraine War, Broskens expressed a positive attitude: "I also discussed when I visited Beijing two weeks ago. China can play an important role in it, because China has a certain influence on Russia, which may be helpful for the overall situation .... We encourage China to play a positive role and end the conflict in the Russian and Ukraine War, but at the same time, we must avoid China has led to an intensification of the Russian and Ukraine War, like providing Russian fatal weapons. " Kangda: The United States opposes China's sovereignty in the South China Sea 
On the other hand, Danielkritenbrink, assistant Secretary of State Danielkritenbrink, director of the U.S. State Department, at the Seminar of the Washington Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center (CSIS) on Wednesday, condemned China to become increasingly aggressive in the South China Sea recently in the South China Sea. Action: "In the trip to Beijing's trip to Beijing, he once again emphasized that the United States' opposition to China’ s illegal sovereignty in the South China Sea claims that he has called on China to follow the 1982 UN Marine Law Convention. "
Kangda pointed out that China's coercion in the South China Sea is increasing, including harassing fishing vessels and sea patrol ships in various countries. Military misjudgment leads to conflict.
From the perspective of economic and military perspective, Kangda reiterated the importance of the South China Sea and emphasized that the US policy goal in the South China Sea: "We hope to maintain public openness and be under the governance of international law. In order to achieve this goal, we will continue and and we continue Allied cooperation. The peace and stability of the South China Sea region is essential for the world. Freshly flights and sailing in the South China Sea have strategic benefits for the United States. At the same time, one -third of the world's trade needs to pass through the South China Sea. "Kangda said The United States will continue to maintain international law and carry out escort operations that meet American values in the South China Sea.
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Editor: 梒 梒 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-06282023122308.html 
How does Wagner rebellion affect Sino -Russian relations? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-28T15:53:00Z
Description: At the attempted rebellion of the Wagner Group, what kind of warning did Xi Jinping give? How will this affect future Sino -Russian relations? From now on, how will Beijing face the "unlimited" Sino -Russian relations?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['德中关系', '薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '专题报道：习近平访美', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团']
Id: 66061110
Can Putin, who has been shaken by the dominance status, still Xi Jinping's "old friend"? (Information picture)
(Voice of Germany) Wagner Military Group's 24 -hour brief rebellion has ended. China — As the most important international allies in Putin, a two -sentence Foreign Ministry statement was released on Sunday, Virgin Wagner incident It is called "Russia's internal affairs".
The statement stated that China, as Russia's "friendly neighbors" and "comprehensive strategic collaboration partners in the new era", supports Russia to "maintain national stability and achieve development and prosperity."
China's official media "Global Times" published an article on Sunday, refuting Wagner rebellion It destroyed Putin's leadership point and quoted the statement of Chinese experts that this statement was the "wishful thinking" of the West. The article also praised Putin's "decisive action" for suppressing the rebellion. The Society said: "The Kremlin has maintained a strong deterrent ability, which will further improve its authority."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈: This is not a coup 
On June 23, Porigo suddenly released news on social media that the Russian Ministry of Defense launched a missile attack on the rear camps of the Wagner Mercenary Corps, and the Wagner Corps was ready to respond to this. However, Pricigo only targeted the Secretary of Defense, Shi Yigu and the Chief of Staff of the Russian Army Gracimov, and did not target Putin himself for the time being. He said, "This is not a military coup, but a march in justice."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
管 Rostov on the River 
On June 24, in Rostov on the Russian River in southern Russia, Wagner's mercenaries announced that they took over the major military headquarters in the region. There was a video there in Porigin, saying that his man went to Moscow to start "justice". He also said that "Russia will soon have a new president." Then, the Russian Procuratorate filed a case on the "armed riots", and the National Security Agency began to investigate the whereabouts of Perigzin.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Chechen armed for armed for intervention 
It seems to be on the string. Cadrov, leader of Chechen area(Ramzan Kadyrov)It was said on June 24 that his armed forces had been opened to "intense areas" and prepared to assist the Kremlin Ping Ping Wagner Mercenary Corps rebellion. He wrote on social media: "We will do our best to maintain Russia's unity and defend the country."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Putin: The dagger from behind 
Facing the "rebels north", Russian President Putin delivered a TV speech. "In 1917, Russia suffered such a blow. At that time, it was the first world war. But the victory was taken away. Various political adventurers and Foreign forces killed Russians by themselves, and they tear up the country in order to seek private interests. We will not let this happen again. "He said that armed resistance was" betrayal of the country "," dagger who came over "from behind," every Those who participate in the rebels will be punished. " But Putin also said that Wagner soldiers can be called "heroes", and they have liberated the Donbass region in southern Ukraine.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Moscow City Enter "Very Period" 
On June 24, when the Trojan troops were allegedly 200 kilometers away from the capital, Moscow implemented the martial law of the counter -terrorism action model. Authorities require residents to restrict travel. The Moscow's municipal department also ordered that for the sake of safety, the city continued to maintain martial law on Monday's working day.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
The military team suddenly turned around: I don’t want to "let Russia bleed" 
However, as soon as June 24th, the Belarusian President Luka Shenko suddenly issued a statement saying that with the consent of Russian President Putin, a agreement was reached with Porigin. Activity. Porigabin quickly confirmed the agreement. He said: "We are ordering the troops to turn around and return to the field camp." He also said that he understood the importance of this moment and didn't want to "let Russia bleed." As for whether the criminal investigation of Porigin is canceled, the current statement is different.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈 
Born in 1961 in Leningrad, the current St. Petersburg. He has served in Soviet prison for 9 years for robbery and fraud. After being released from prison, he started making hot dog food cars in his hometown and set up a catering company Concord to provide catering for the national banquet. This kind of cooperation brings him the title of "Putin Chef". In 2014, Porigin founded a private mercenary "Wagner Group".
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Wagner Legion 
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Porigo does not accept the leadership of the Ministry of National Defense 
The Wagner Legion has been active on the front line of the war, such as playing an extremely important role in Bachmum's surrounding war. However, in recent months, fierce quarrels broke out with the senior executives of the Russian army, and believed that the Ministry of National Defense did not provide enough ammunition supply during the Bach Murut Campaign. Husbands should be responsible for the large number of casualties of the Wagner Mercenary Soldiers. Since June, the Russian Ministry of Defense demanded that the mercenaries have signed an agreement to obey the command before the end of the month. This seems to be tantamount to disarm, and the contradictions have been further intensified.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
? 
On June 26, Russian Defense Minister Shao Yigu, who was accused of "incompetence", was named "incompetent" on TV, explaining that he inspected the frontline troops, but no time and place were not explained. However, people are more concerned about the whereabouts of Porigerin. According to the agreement reached with Belarus, he should go there. Reached? His journalist informed, "Porigerjin asked everyone. Once you can send and receive information, he will answer everyone's question."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
How many people will follow him? 
In theory, he can take his mercenaries to Belarus. Not sure how many people will follow him. However, the Wagner Legion's business is all over the world. Libya, Syria, Africa, and Venezuela in Latin America are the place where the mercenaries are made. Soldiers who were on the battlefield allegedly could get 5,000 US dollars per month. Porigabin claims that there are still 25,000 troops, and the US intelligence unit estimates that this number should double.

Russia is still a reliable partner of Beijing? 
Although China ’s position on paper shows that Beijing is still consistent with Russia’ s ideology on opposition to the United States and its European allies, the recent rebellion has caused people to [China and Moscow Partnership] [China and Moscow Partnership].(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德语媒体普京岌岌可危-中国很担心/a-66047414)s concern.
Whether an incident will change how Chinese President Xi Jinping weigh his relationship with Putin is still to be observed.
Zhuang Jiaying, an associate professor of political sciences at the National University of Singapore, said: "I think this depends on how Xi Jinping views Russia's role."
He told Germany that if China is just looking for "Russia, which can scattered the attention of the United States and its allies, a weak, split, and destructive Russia may be enough."
He said: "If Russia has some other characters to better unite the country and maintain a partnership with China that is consistent with China to the Western country, Beijing may support him."
He added: "I can't see such a substitute at present ... Putin seems to be the best partner of China in Russia."
Wagner Anti -Water Russian Media 
But business owners who do business in China and Russia don't think so. "At that time, we thought there would be big problems." Shen Muhui (sound), head of a trading group in Fujian Province, China, recalled that when the Wagner Corps began to rebel, the concerns of major member companies said. Most of these members export car parts, machinery and clothing to Russia.
Although the crisis has been relieved, some people are still watching, because they are not sure what will happen later. He added that he refused to disclose the name of the suspension of the delivery company to Reuters.
At the same time, a senior official in the United States told Reuters on Monday that the rebellion on the weekend had disturbed the leadership of Beijing. Some analysts inside and outside China began to question whether Beijing needs to relax the political and economic ties with Moscow.
Singapore's security analyst Alexander Neill said it was troublesome to "unlimited" Sino -Russian relations.
China will be more cautious in remarks and actions of Russia, Shen Dingli, an expert in international relations in Shanghai.
The views of some Chinese scholars are even more extreme.
In a comment published by Yang Jun, a professor at Beijing China University of Political Science and Law, called on a comment published on Saturday, calling on China to directly support Ukraine to avoid being dragged into the quagmire by Russia.
He wrote on the Chinese version of the Singapore United Zaobao: "With the development of the current situation and the direction of the war, especially from the perspective of national interests, the author believes that as a major geopolitician country, it should further adjust its position on Russia and Ukraine. More clearly showing attitudes and decisively stood on the side of the historical victor. "
It is unclear whether Yang Jun's article was written before the Wagner Uprising, and he did not respond to Reuters' interview request.
However, other scholars in China stated that Beijing would not change its position to Russia because of this incident.
Wagner Group "Rebellion" Head: What is the significance of war? 
Investor's uncertainty 
China is the largest trading partner of Russia. Various products such as cars to smartphones have been exported to Russia and purchased cheap crude oil from Russia. Russian crude oil is facing sanctions in most parts of the world.
In the first five months of this year, trade between Russia and China increased by 40%, and the growth was mainly from the energy field. Nevertheless, there were some cautious signs in China.
Senior managers of Chinese state -owned energy companies often stated that it is too early to comment on new investment in Russia.
If Russia loses the changes in war or domestic leadership, it will bring huge uncertainty to Chinese investors, "said Michal Meidan, director of Chinese Energy Research, Oxford Energy Research Institute.
He said that the Chinese government also seemed to be cautiously acting, pointing out that although Beijing was promoted by Moscow, it had not signed an agreement to connect the important new natural gas pipeline connecting the two countries.
Although China's economy to Russia is critical, the scale of trade with the United States, the European Union, and Japan is far exceeding its trade scale with Russia. These countries are the strongest critics for the Moscow's invasion of the Ukrainian war.
Song Wendi, a political scholar at the National University of Australia, said: "Beijing now has more reasons to hold a more retained attitude towards Russia with Putin and be more pragmatic in future communication." He said: "People who may not be stable in their status may not be stable. It doesn't make sense for long -term investment. "
Lesson from China?Su Ziyun, a senior researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Defense and Security, told the Taiwan Central News Agency: "Wagner's rebellion is a warning for Xi Jinping." 
Su Ziyun said that like Russia, China also faces many internal problems, including economic difficulties, high unemployment and population decline.
Regarding the actual lesson that China may learn from the Wagner rebellion, Zhuang Jiaying, an associate professor of political sciences in the National University of Singapore, believes that it once again proves that "the highest leadership requires close control of the army and security service agencies."
Zhuang Jiaying emphasized: "Xi Jinping has been working hard in this direction since he came to power. Wagner's rebellion may encourage him to work harder in this direction."
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/瓦格纳叛变-如何影响中俄关系？/a-66061110?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The word "Xinhua Dictionary" deletes & quot; Chinese official media rumors still attract pink attacks 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T15:56:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:18:55-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The 11th edition of the "Xinhua Dictionary" published by the Business Press Screenshot of Amazon's official website [Audtps://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/meiti/sci-06282023124857.html/www(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/sc-06282023124857.html/@@stream)Recently, some Chinese netizens said that the word "pirate" was not seen in the 1220 "Xinhua Dictionary" published in 2020, which indicates that the word has been deleted. Although some Chinese official media have rumored this, there are still many extreme nationalist voices against this matter on the Internet of China.
China Grand V Japan Exchange is rare "fire out" by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Cross State of the Internet [ Day Day Dubbing Artists Breaking Visit the Yasukuni Shrine Chinese Pink Little Pink shouted and scolded.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/ql2-02162021074826.html) Chinese official media rumors pink still published extreme remarks **
The Chinese media "China Publishing Marketing Weekly" has published a post on its WeChat public account on June 27, saying that since the 1950s, all versions of "Xinhua Dictionary" have not been included in the word "倭". The word "pirates", so it is not true to delete the word "pirate" by the new version of "Xinhua Dictionary" on the Internet. China Official Media Central Guangwang also posted on the 28th, saying that the saying that the "Xinhua Dictionary" was transmitted to the word "pirates" was not true.
However, on the Internet of China, there are many extreme nationalist remarks, saying that it is impossible to accept the word "pirates" that "Xinhua Dictionary" has not included. Some Gao Zan Weibo said: "Poison textbooks, poison professors, poison dictionaries, and education departments can be seen without a word.
The term "pirates" refers to the words that appear in the 13th to 16th century in the coast of China and North Korea, which originated in the Japanese pirate group, and their personnel come from multiple countries and ethnic groups. Since modern times, this word has also been used by East Asian countries as a derogatory meaning to the Japanese.
Wu Yanlai, an independent scholar in the United States, believes that this extreme nationalist emotion among Chinese netizens can be regarded as a reflection caused by the political propaganda of Chinese authorities. He said: "This kind of anti -bull is still a trivial matter on the issue of dictionary, and it will create catastrophic incidents in other respects. For example, anti -Japanese, Japanese cars are also smashed, and it has formed a habitual hatred of Japan, hatred '' Western hostile forces'. The government's deliberate political propaganda, the demonization and hostility of the Western magic, and it is easy to incite the reflexions of the economic and open state. "
Discussion on this incident on Weibo (Weibo screenshot) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-28T15-56-00-04-00/000003.png) Why are these extreme sounds? Chinese authorities' revenge propaganda triggers anti -baying 
At present, some netizens have made more extreme remarks, saying that "the cultural and propaganda education system has long been rotten", "Guoan should be held accountable", and even said that "shouting on the mouth, but no one grasps specifically "" ". However, some netizens have expressed a more rational attitude, thinking that "the more terrible is that someone deliberately bring the rhythm."
Wu Yanlai believes that the Chinese authorities' hate and foreign political propaganda will bring a lot of consequences to young people in China: "For example, a large number of foreign capital has been withdrawn, and they will be unemployed. After they are unemployed Closing, they will become extreme. The government is making the state of the Boxer that year and the group. The less reform, the less open, the more closed, and the accumulation of economic problems, they will fight against this society and create a great turmoil. "
Discussion on this incident on Weibo (Weibo screenshot) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-28T15-56-00-04-00/000005.png) Mr. Ma, who has lived in Japan and has lived in Japan for many years, told this station that although there are many extreme hatreds on the Internet in China, in real life, he has not heard of friends in China. He said. He believes that this kind of remarks on the Internet are more about a kind of vent produced by people in the case of poor economic environment in China. He said: "It can only be said that Chinese society is now suppressed too much, and the pressure of unemployment and bankruptcy is too powerful. It requires a channel of venting. People need a channel of venting, and it is impossible to vent against the Chinese government. The) channels of Japan are safe. Sino -Japanese relations deteriorate, their own conditions are not good, and the whole society is suffering, and various reasons have caused these small pink to vent their emotions very much and radically. "
Reporter: Sun Cheng Editor: Jiayuan.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/sc-06282023124857.html 
Discrimination of the aircraft was intercepted by the French fighter aircraft, driving urgent throwing drugs from the sky 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T15:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Lyon, 28th) France's French and Air Force sources told AFP that a winding fighter aircraft on the weekend intercepting a single small aircraft over a remote countryside in France, scaring the small plane to driving and hurriedly Dozens of suspected bags of drugs throwing down from the air.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On the 24th, a small aircraft flew over the control areas near the nuclear power plant and engaged in suspicious operations. The authorities dispatched French French fighter aircraft (Rafale) to intercept over the remote Ardeche region.
A military spokesman told AFP that when the breeze fighter was closer, the Air Force pilot "witnessed (small aircraft )'s very weird behavior in the cockpit is disturbing."
"After a few minutes, he saw the door opening and the parcel was thrown."
The local prosecutor's office issued a statement today saying that the Polish drug trafficking suspect had a former drug department in the past, and he was arrested at the airport at Lanas, Adades.
Investigators found about 15 packs of parcels on the ground, including about 30 kg of white powder. Authorities are testing these white powder.
They also found more than 45,000 euros (about NT $ 1.53 million) in the cockpit and driver's bags registered in Poland.
The French authorities only seized more than 2 tons of Coco in the northern beach in March. According to the information of the Ministry of the Interior, France seized 156.7 tons of drugs last year, setting the highest record in history.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E5%BC%80%E9%A3%9E%E6%9C%BA%E8%BF%90%E6%AF%92%E9%81%AD%E6%B3%95%E5%9B%BD%E6%88%98%E6%9C%BA%E6%8B%A6%E6%88%AA-%E9%A9%BE%E9%A9%B6%E6%80%A5%E6%8A%9B%E6%AF%92%E5%93%81%E4%BB%8E%E5%A4%A9%E9%99%8D 
Interview with Yan Geling: "The things in" Mirati "were previously impossible to write in China" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:05:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T17:53:04-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Screenshot of the cover of the new book of Chinese writer Yan Geling "Miradi" Amazon's official website(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/wy-06272023104037.html/@@stream)Yan Geling, a well -known Chinese writer in the United States, has been confirmed by the Chinese government because of condemning the Chinese government's improper treatment of the new crown epidemic and calling on the iron chain women's incident. In June this year, she published her latest Chinese novel "Miradi" through a publishing agency established in Berlin, Germany. This reporter Wang Yun interviewed Yan Geling on this. The following is the content of the interview.
Yan Geling called for the original author of the film "One Second" to get international support "Xi Jinping is a trafficker" Yan Geling commented on the eight -child mother to be blocked by China * [Yan Geling(Down): I have no desperate China, where can China go bad?(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/duomeiti/guandian/gd-09072022123016.html) * Yan Geling (Part 1): After decades, see how China will find so ridiculous today ｜ Views *
Diseases 
Reporter: Mr. Yan, hello!From the perspective of the content, this novel seems to be that the girl Miradi became a young writer after transferring to the industry in the 1980s. Some encounters at that time, and after the summer of 1989, after going abroad, freedom was free after going abroad. Creative experience. This process seems to be divided into the early summer of 1989. What is the intention of novels to do this arrangement?
Yan Geling: You can also see that the content of the novel is closer to my experience and timetable, so you can say that it is closer to my autobiography, but in fact it is also fictional. I used my experience in the 1980s. From 79 to 89, I also included the old generation of artists and intellectuals I met to lay out and structure the story. I left China in the fall of 1989, and I followed my footsteps to write this novel.
Reporter: Do you have any backgrounds if you left China in the fall of 1989? We all know that the Tiananmen Study Games and the "June 4th" incident occurred in early summer of 1989.
Yan Geling: Yes, after June 4th, I feel particularly disappointed and distressed, and there is a huge sense of disillusionment. At that time, I went out because of an invitation of the United States. I went to a university in Buffalo, called the State University of New York State University, to attend the 20th Century Military Literature Symposium. Before that, I had been to several writing centers in the United States, so I was very envious of the creative atmosphere of American young writers. I also went to the most elite young writer writing center in the United States. Go to see their discussions and participate in their courses. At that time, I wouldn't know English, but my translation told me that they were criticizing each other's works. I am very envious of that freedom to be able to criticize and discuss my works so fiercely. In fact, since then I have been determined to come to the United States to study.
Reporter: You say that you feel a huge disillusionment before leaving. What does it mean?
Yan Geling: Of course, it refers to the Tiananmen incident. In Tiananmen, such a generation of young writers in Tiananmen felt very, very shocking and distressed. In fact, it was not in Tiananmen, but from my unit, Yuquan Road to Tiananmen, there was a wooden land in the middle, because my unit was a railway soldier, and later changed to the railway engineering headquarters. That road happened to be the road that soldiers entered the city. So I feel very disillusioned.
Reporter: What is the disillusionment?
Yan Geling: In the 1980s, we thought we could create and express freely like American writers or Western writers. At that time, we found that it was impossible to make me feel like ten years. A sense of the Chinese dream.
American Chinese writer Yan Geling (Picture of the Associated Press)
The hometown of literature 
Reporter: In the past ten years, you came out of the military literary group. In this military career, you have also been displayed in previous works such as "Fanghua". For your creation, is it more mainly a familiar material, or is there a certain complex?
Yan Geling: I still have a certain youth plot. As a soldier, I am a soldier very young, so my ideology formation, as well as a period of life in adulthood, is in the army. So that life was unforgettable, and it also formed my own personality. For example, very self -discipline and very strong will, these are inseparable from my experience in the army.
Reporter: I have watched the movie "Fanghua", which is a very touching movie. In fact, it is a very huge tragedy. In these works, I am thinking about a problem. Can this military career be regarded as the starting point of your literature, or is it the hometown of your personal literature?
Yan Geling: Yes, the military career is to me. Because I do n’t live as a student like a normal child, and then I live step by step, I have exposed to different cultures very early. For example, Tibet and Yi people are two big nations. Our tour is often in Tibet, in Daliangshan area. So I opened my vision from different cultures very early.
Reporter: But have this military career restricted your later creation?Reporter: Back to this novel, you also mentioned that this is a novel similar to an autobiography. Why do you arrange and publish it at this time? Why not before?
Yan Geling: I actually wanted to write this novel. I want to write a novel that has no specific central drama plot. Therefore, this novel is scattered, especially characters. It is not like "Ninth Widow", "Fusang", or "Fanghua", "Auntie Duo Crane" and other novels. These novels have a center. Drama nuclear, there is a center of drama incident, which is developed around this drama nucleus. So the story of this novel is relatively scattered.
Reporter: The novel actually wrote around the 1980s ...
Yan Geling: Yes, it is the awakening and disillusionment of the 1980s.
The intellectuals who sleep collectively 
Reporter: One of them is particularly meaningful to the present, that is, especially the phenomenon of intellectual groups after 1989, the phenomenon of sleeping collectively. What do you do based on the so -called "sleeping collective" here?
Yan Geling: Yes, you see this very sensitive. This is actually an expression of metaphor. The excitement at the beginning was like the feeling of waking up, but later it was found that it was still the same, and then it was disillusioned, that is, the feeling of sleeping back.
Reporter: Can you mention some specific phenomena you observed?
Yan Geling: My friends and friends of my writers. When we were young, our friends who played literature were the same, each of which was the same, each of which was very, very vulgar. In the 1980s, we believed in truth and thought it was taken for granted.(If you want to take it for granted, we will have more freedom to write, express and think about)I think it must be a wider and broad possibility, and the possibility seems to be infinite, especially when I first first came into contact with the works of the United States. There are not many works in my father's house in the United States, most of which are Russia and France. But suddenly, I felt like a dream, and I didn't know if I woke up or in the dream. That ten years were the feeling. Now when we talk about it, we still feel that in the 1980s, compared with now, how beautiful at that time.
Reporter: You have come into contact with many intellectuals in the literary and artistic circles of mainland China. Do you think they are really asleep, or a camouflage, that is, there are many, many of them want to express?
Yan Geling: Yes, I think most people are pretending to sleep. There is a saying that you will never call people who do n’t wake up to sleep? Many people are like this. In this case, everyone is not saying, and many things can actually be released. Many themes cannot be involved, and now it has become, and it is not possible to mention drugs in the work.
Reporter: Do you describe this kind of collective sleeping phenomenon, do you want to express a tragedy?
Yan Geling: Of course, this is very sad. Because many of my novels are exploring the theme of freedom. For example, "Lu Qian Zhi" wrote a political prisoner who was locked up. The theme of freedom is such a theme that I have been playing, repeatedly in questioning and speculating. Some phenomena of the West now also remind me of the word freedom. Not all freedom is beneficial, and some freedom hurts others. "Miraci" is also a theme of freedom. "Lu Qian Zhi" is also about this theme. "Ninth Widow" is also. An old landlord was detained in the cellar and lost freedom, but he later refused to come out. He felt that he had gained freedom. This freedom was he gave himself. There are people like Fuso. A prostitute like Fusang actually had a freedom in her heart. It was not given to her, but this kind of freedom she had, so she refused to be saved. I don't know if you have watched "Fusang", and I am very fierce about freedom in it.
Freedom is an important theme 
Reporter: You have a lot of experience in the United States, and China is your hometown, and you are now in Germany. We know that there is a big difference between Chinese and Western in the word freedom. Because the root of freedom is only in Western culture. In Eastern culture, there is no root of freedom. Therefore, it seems that in this issue, there are differences between China and the West. In your years of multinational experience, in the process of writing for many years, do you think that the understanding of freedom of Chinese or Chinese culture is very different from the West?
Yan Geling: What we are talking about now is freedom of thought and expressing freedom, that is, to express the results of your free thinking freely, use unrestrained, unrestrained, and unsatisfactory ways. What we call is this, not the words of freedom abstractly. Intellectuals, including writers and artists, we are all about freedom on such a context.
Reporter: Back to the theme of the 1980s, it is very important for you in the 1980s. And some of today's words, regardless of the text, or in social sciences or humanities, people still seem to be looking back in the 1980s. What kind of psychology is this looking back?
Yan Geling: It was a kind of nostalgia, because at that time a lot of books and many subjects could not be involved now. Including the initial scar literature's reflection and criticism of the Cultural Revolution, the understanding of human nature, and the performance and analysis of human nature in the Cultural Revolution, they are now unable to touch. Therefore, we miss the degree of freedom at that time.
Reporter: In terms of literature, many of the most important writers in the Chinese literary circles today are from the 1980s. Many of their works readers are familiar with it. What important impact do you think it has left the contemporary Chinese literature community in the 1980s. ?
Yan Geling: Of course, some of the writers who came out at that time were still a front -line writer. Because of that era, suddenly many things and themes, the subject matter of many large society and individuals can be exposed to, especially after the establishment of the People's Republic of China Show. Our generation of writers are not entirely concerned about personal hearts. We pay attention to individuals and nations, and we are connected to think and express. Later, these writers may pay more attention to personal and personal life. Our generation of writers are not like this.
Worried about self -waste martial arts 
Reporter: Your work is writing Chinese in an open and free environment. Can you compare your writing and writers who write in China? Such as Wang Anyi and others. Do you feel that your topic and strokes will be more free and unlimited?
Yan Geling: If it is published in China, it is the same because it is through the same review system. Some magazines are slightly larger, and some are slightly smaller. Some publishing houses have a bit of responsibility, and some lack a little bit. It's just such a difference. However, the review system is completely the same system. For example, the book division below the Propaganda Department is responsible for reviewing and reviewing books. They hold the book number in their hands. So why did I decide not to play at once and not play with them. I just afraid that this system will slowly and gradually form a censorship habit in the subconscious. This kind of subconscious I am forming such subconscious. This is the most obstructive of his creative power for a writer. This hurts his original power. Therefore, I don't want anyone to review me anyway.
Reporter: You have published works in China for a long time before. In the process, do you have self -examination and self -castration?Reporter: This novel is published only outside China many years later. You also said just now. Many people say that this novel is very different from before. Is this different because you can express it yourself in a completely free and open environment?
Yan Geling: There are all aspects. First, this is a diverse, not a central incident. It mainly writes such a set of images. She string them up through Miraci. Her father, mother and uncle, and also There are comrades and others. There are still different things, it is really brave.
Reporter: Can you tell a detail to explain that some text or expression is that you were absolutely impossible in China?
Yan Geling: Including what you mentioned just now, I woke up, and went back one by one, in the new century. I wrote that they died on their bodies. I wrote that Miradi's father and uncle, one by one, left like this.
Reporter: The last small question, why is the protagonist of the novel "Miraci"? Is there any specific meaning?
Yan Geling: The book mentioned at the beginning that her father was a amateur violinist, so she gave her three notes, Miradi.
Reporter: Thank you for accepting my interview.
Reporter: Wang Yun Editor: 允 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/wy-06272023104037.html 
French Foreign Minister visited Mongolia to promote the energy agreement 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:13:01-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:13:01-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 French Foreign Minister Caisaoline Klongna(Catherine Colonna) Reuters pictures
French Minister of Foreign Minister Caisaoline Klongna(Catherine Colonna)Go to Mongolia on Wednesday, hoping to promote an energy agreement worth 1 billion euros.
Earlier, after the closing of the French President Macron in May at the 7th National Group Summit, he immediately went to Ulan Bato, the capital of Mongolia to talk to the Mongolian President Risuh Shang.
According to Lute News Agency, Cronna, on behalf of French nuclear company, ORANO)Hope to explore uranium mine resources in Mongolia. Oluno is the world's second largest nuclear company. Uranium mining is carried out in Canada, Kazakhstan and Niger. The main controlling is the French government. The company has been exploring the history of uranium for 25 years in Mongolia.
It is reported that Mongolia is rich in natural resources, including rare earth and uranium ore, of which 80%have been exported to China, but in recent years, Mongolia has tried to export exports to countries outside China and Russia.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-06282023154312.html 
The US House of Foreign Affairs Committee established the "Tiger" working group to speed up the military sales of Taiwan 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:14:18-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:14:18-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Michaelmccaul, chairman of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee,
Mike McCord, chairman of the US House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, announced on Tuesday that a tiger working group modernized the procedural procedures in several major fields of US foreign military soldiers to ensure the safety of allies in the United States and Taiwan.
According to the Washington media TheHill, the Tiger working group will be led by the Florida Republican member Mike Waltz and Massachusetts Democratic Democratic Member Sais Molton. Tiger (Tiger)It is technology, industry, and government combat reserve contacts)English abbreviation.
For some time, the US Congress has been dissatisfied with the delay of administrative authorities' delay in delivery of Taiwan's long -purchased weapons, and some even place orders in 2019. Facing China's potential force threats and continuous intimidation, Taiwan ’s President Tsai Ing -wen has also urged the visiting US members many times, hoping that the United States will accelerate the delivery of weapons.
McCell said in a statement, "When the United States and the allies sign a weapon agreement, it is important to deliver weapons as soon as possible."
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-06282023154905.html 
Four co -workers of the Shengjia Christian Church, Foshan, Guangdong were approved to be arrested 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:15:10-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:15:10-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Four co -workers Deng Yanxiang, Zhu Longjiang, Wang Weicai, and Zhu Qiaoling of the Foshan Shengjia Christian Church in Guangdong were approved by the arrest. Rights protection network
According to the news of the Rights Command, four co -workers Deng Yanxiang, Zhu Longjiang, Wang Weicai, and Zhu Qiaoling of the Foshan Shengjia Christian Church in Guangdong were approved to be arrested.
The People's Procuratorate of Shunde District, Foshan, approved on June 28 that the Shunde District Public Security Bureau arrested the above four preachers and church members in the name of suspected "illegal business crimes" and is now detained at the South China Sea District Detention Center in Foshan.
Protection Network stated that it will continue to pay attention to the case.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-06282023155212.html 
Shanghai Falun Gong practitioner He Binggang was sentenced to 6 years in prison 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:16:40-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:16:40-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 He Binggang's limbs were completely paralyzed before Rights protection network
Shanghai citizen He Binggang was sentenced by the authorities several times for practicing Falun Gong. Recently, he was sentenced to 6 years in prison, and He Binggang, who was disabled during the long -term detention, is currently paralyzed.
According to the Rights Protection Network, He Bingang, born in 1977, a graduate student of a Master of Computer in Shanghai and Fudan University. He is a Falun Gong practitioner who has won the invention award from Shanghai and nationwide.
He Binggang was talented and was sent to graduate students in Fudan University. However, during his studies, he began to practice Falun Gong. In 2000, he was forcibly dropped out by the school. Later, he was taken away by the police in Yangpu District, Shanghai. The following year, he was sentenced to 6 years in prison by the Shanghai Xuhui District Court for a cult, and was released from prison in 2007.
After being released from prison, He Binggang founded Yuwen Technology Company, which was regarded by the authorities as the target of stability and long -term monitoring.
In 2010, the Shanghai World Expo was held, and the authorities were worried that it would become unstable factor. With excuses, He Bingang was arrested. During the detention, He Binggang was tortured and caused physical disability.
In 2011, He Binggang was charged with cults and sentenced to 5 years.
In 2021, He Binggang and his wife were forcibly taken away by the police of Shanghai Changning District. The family was searched and was arrested for suspected of hazarding national security.
In June 2023, after two years of detaining again, He Binggang was sentenced to 6 years in prison by Fengxian District Court.
Sources of the Rights Rights Network said that during the detention of the detention center, He Binggang, who was originally disabled, had deteriorated his condition. So far, his limbs have been completely paralyzed. The agent lawyers have repeatedly requested the meeting and have been rejected.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-06282023160001.html 
Pew Report: China's economic strength has declined since the new crown epidemic 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:17:43-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:17:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Pew Researchcenter)A recent survey report shows that the people around the world generally believe that the United States is the world's largest economic power. Screenshot of Pew Research Center
Pew Researchcenter)A recent survey report showed that the global people generally believe that the United States is the world's largest economic power, and at the same time, the proportion of number of people in the world's first economic force has declined since the new crown epidemic.
This think tank in Washington shows that among the 23 countries surveyed in the world, 41%of the people believe that the United States is the world's largest economic power, and 33%of interviewees think it is China.
Among them, South Korea is the country with the best US economy. Japan, Israel and Poland are also optimistic about the United States.
It is believed that China is the highest proportion of people in the world's economic power is Italy, reaching 55%. Some European countries including Greece, Spain, and Germany also believe that China's economic power is stronger than the United States. Half of Australia held the same view.
However, since the new crown epidemic, the proportion of people interviewed in the interviewed by the Chinese economy has generally declined, only Greece, India, South Africa, Agen, Brazil, and Mexico have remained unchanged.
Puyou International's Attitude Research Director Richard Waike told the media that after years of high -speed growth, the popularity of the new crowns obviously had a negative impact on the Chinese economy. Some economists also believe that the United States has rebounded from the recession in the era of epidemic, at least better than other countries.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-06282023160421.html 
Column | Network Game: Zelenezki issued a nuclear explosion warning Chinese Ukrainian volunteers what is the most worried about 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:21:31-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T16:21:31-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The cemetery of the soldiers in Ukraine ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-28T16-21-31-04-00/000001.png) Dongge Twitter Screenshot(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/wangluoboyi/iwar-06282023151902.html/@@stream)After the start of the Russian and Ukraine War, the Chinese Dongge, who lived in Europe, not only went to Ukraine many times to conduct humanitarian assistance, but also published what Ukraine was seen through the US Twitter Network and oil pipe networks, which have been banned by China. The nearest distance of the Russian and Ukraine War.
On June 24th, the Wagner Corps had a mutiny incident in Russia. Dongge drove late at night on June 25 and arrived in the southern Ukrainian city of Odessa. He tweeted that in the early morning of June 26th, Odessa was once again hit by the Russian army.
Dongge established the humanitarian rescue volunteer team "Fighting Cat Group" in Ukraine. East Ge Twitter account often reposted the information on the Chinese website of the Ukraine Anti-Russia website (https://puddle-mechanic-01d.notion.nite/chinese-C761D840213749C0A314EEEA60641B85).
What is the website of the Ukraine Anti -Russian War? What happened to Dongge's oil pipe video "We finally found the Sindler of Ukraine"?
Today's show, we invite the Chinese Chinese Dongge to introduce the latest content of his Twitter account (@Sudong0606) and oil pipe account (https://www.youtube.com/@tobias_su).
On June 22, Ukraine President Zelei Sky sent a warning saying that Russia considered bombing the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station under the control of the Russian army in Ukraine. Dongge reposted the video on Twitter.
Dongge discussed the topic related to the Russian and Ukraine War on the Twitter of the United States through audio space and netizens. The participants reached up to 2,000, including netizens who came from the wall from China. Recently, the topics they discussed include: Wagner uprising, when did the Russian and Ukraine War, what can we do for Ukraine, and so on.
Dongge stated in the tweet that never underestimates the inner evil of the ruler, and never underestimate the sword on the hands of the Taoist.
To understand the details of this show, please click on the audio link of the "Network Game" program on this page and transfer the program linked on the Internet online. Welcome to download and collect this audio file.
Moderator Xiaoan's social media:
Twitter account: https://twitter.com/xiaoan000
Facebook account: https://www.facebook.com/pei.an.58
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/wangluoboyi/iwar-06282023151902.html 
Russian warships adopt the defense of anti -missile defense through the China -Russia and Russia in the eastern part of Taiwan 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:34:53+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 08:34:53Z
Description: The Taiwan Ministry of Defense rarely revealed two Russian frigates through press releases to pass the surrounding waters. The press release stated that at 11 o'clock on Tuesday night, the Russian ship passed from south to north to the eastern waters of Taiwan, and from the southeast of the Soviet Union to the southeast. Mission machines, ships and shore -setting missile systems, closely monitoring.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '欧洲', '中国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/taiwan-spots-russian-warships-as-moscow-holds-anti-missile-talks-20230628/7158118.html 
The aviation industry seeks virtual transformation, digitalization, and export compliance 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-28T16:41:44+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T05:12:99+08:00
Description: Experts believe that the IT industry requires many skills. These skills can not be obtained from universities and training institutions. Therefore, the country must not only plan the talent route for the IT industry, but also reform the courses with the times.
Images: [" 000182108_pic... "]
Themes: ['夏季达沃斯', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '数字化', '航空业']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
In the sub -forum with the theme of the Tianjin Summer Davos Forum on the theme of "cultivating new skills and adapting to the needs of rapid development of industries" on June 28, Xu Gang, CEO of Chinese Bus China, shared the four of the four talents in the air China in terms of talent skills. Insight: First, to meet the digital transformation needs of the aviation industry, you need to have green energy and decarcular talents. For talents with export control and compliance, the aviation industry is affected by geopolitical changes and is considered a sensitive strategic industry. Therefore, talents who need to understand the rules in the future to help companies avoid risks; 4. Enterprises must not only absorb from the outside Talent also needs to cultivate new capabilities required to develop industrial development from the existing talent pool inside. At the same time, Xu Gang believes that toughness is an important soft power that talents need to master.
Tunisian Communication Technology Secretary Niger Benne Kenji believes that the IT industry has a lot of work with a "mixed work" nature and requires talents to have a number of skills. These skills can not be obtained from university and training institutions, so the country Not only must we plan the talent route for the IT industry, but also reform the course with the times.
Emilija Stojmenovaduh, the minister of Slovenia's Digital Transformation Department, also faced the challenge of the country's digital talents to the loss of other EU countries. Her speech also mentioned the necessity of reform courses, emphasizing the need to increase skill training in public services and industries. Promoting female engineers entering the digital industry is the key to Slovenia's response of digital talents. At the same time, she suggested to understand the needs of the enterprise and launch a short-term training program for 3-6 months to empower talents so that they can "do middle schools" during the work process after having a certain knowledge foundation.
Pwa Yongdao Global Human Resources and Organizational Practice Leader Peterbrown shared an industry survey results: More than half of the CEOs said that the talents they found did not have the skills that the enterprise really needed; however, many managers found employees after the epidemic. Show new skills that have not been used before.
On the question of what soft power needs to have, JA China President Paul Chou Chao-Bou said that for young people in the Asia-Pacific region, "soft power" is the most critical, including how to make friends, how to make a happy way and a happy way and a happy way and a happy way and a happy way and a happy way. People cooperate, the sooner the children learn these ability, the better. JA is a non -profit institution dedicated to young occupations, entrepreneurship and financial education.
In addition, Paul Chou believes that society should create a culture that allows failed from the beginning to protect the creativity of talents. Emilija Stojmenovadaduh said that when people have no sense of security, people will stop creating, so the government should provide the people with better public services to protect innovative fires.
(This article only represents the author's point of view. Editor -in -chief email: tao.feng@ftchinese.com)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100108 
The election is near the Taiwan Chaoge and the field heated to restart the service and trade agreement. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T16:58:36+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 08:58:36Z
Description: About half a year before the 2024 presidential election in Taiwan, but the "Cross -Strait Service Trade Agreement" (referred to as the service trade), which was blown ten years ago, became the focus of recent elections. The opposition party advocated restarting the service trade, while the ruling party resolutely opposed it. China State Council said on Wednesday (June 28) that service trade is a good agreement for mutual benefit and criticized the DPP to deliberately obstruct the effectiveness of service trade and harm the development of Taiwan compatriots and Taiwan enterprises.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/taiwan-presidential-hopefuls-reheat-decade-old-china-trade-deal-20230628/7158135.html 
Sweden still hopes to join NATO before the summit in July 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T17:02
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T17:08
Description: NATO leaders will hold a summit in Vernus, the capital of Lithuania from July 11th to 12th, and Sweden expects to join NATO before that. Reuters reported that Swedish Prime Minister Christong said in an interview with Swedish TV on Wednesday (June 28) that Sweden obtained the United States ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['北约', '瑞典', '土耳其']
NATO leaders will hold a summit in Vernus, the capital of Lithuania from July 11th to 12th, and Sweden expects to join NATO before that.
Reuters reported that Swedish Prime Minister Christone said in an interview with Sweden on Wednesday (June 28) that Sweden obtained the support of NATO countries including the United States to join NATO, but it is not sure if this goal can be during the summit or Realize earlier.
Sweden had applied to Finland to join NATO, but the latter finally entered the alliance first The Swedish application is still opposed by Türkiye and Hungary.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg US Secretary of State Brillin I have been calling on Turkey to approve Sweden to join NATO as soon as possible, but Turkish President Erdogan shows earlier this month , Sweden has its own expectations for joining NATO, but this does not mean that Turkey must cooperate.
Turkey has always been dissatisfied with Sweden's attitude towards the "Kurdish Workers' Party", and has repeatedly urged Sweden to strengthen cracking down terrorism. Türkiye regards the Kurdish Workers' Party as a terrorist organization. Anti -Turkish demonstrations in Sweden also angered Türkiye.
Officials from Turkui held talks on June 14, and will be led by Stoltenberg to hold a talks before the NATO summit. Christeson said that it is good to be able to start a talks again. Perhaps the two countries can solve some problems through dialogue.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408761 
The total value of the Johor Bahru Pass is RM 100,000 Ji Baimi 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T17:34
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T18:22
Description: When a Luo Li, who was carrying 18 metric tons of white meters from Singapore, was going to enter Malaysia from Xinrou Changdi, was intercepted by law enforcement officers in the Johor Bahru. The authorities found that the driver of Luo Li did not hold legal documents, so the total value of the total value of about RM 100,000 (about S $ 28,900) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['新山关卡', '走私']
(Johor Bahru Comprehensive News) Luo Li, who was 18 metric tons of white rice from Singapore, was prepared to be intercepted by law enforcement officers at the Johor Bahruch Platform from the Johor Bahru. The authorities found that the driver of Luo Li did not hold legal documents, so the total value of the total value of about RM 100,000 (about S $ 28,900) was charged.
Malaysia Guarantine and Inspection Service (MAQIS) Johor Branch issued a statement on Wednesday (June 28) that after the authorities received information from the public, at 3 pm last Thursday (22) The Rice Grain Regulatory Bureau under the Ministry of Security launched an interception operation at the Johor Bahru Pass.
The statement pointed out that the intercepted Luo Yili carried 20 large bags of white rice, and these white rice did not have an entry permit. "After further inspection, law enforcement officers found that the entrances were also suspected of false information and attempted to deceive law enforcement officers." This case has been handed over to the Rice Grain Regulatory Bureau of Johor.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408773 
When the U.S. Aircraft carrier depends on the Hong Kong visit, Prime Minister Yue Yue Mid -visit Mid -Victorians Protection Junping: It will not allow any forces to leave the relationship between Yueyue and China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T17:37:31+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 09:37:31Z
Description: Vietnamese Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng met with Xi Jinping, President of China in Beijing on Tuesday (June 27) to talk about stable Sino -Vietnamese relations. During the mid -year visits, the USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier was stopping visiting the Pugang in central Vietnam.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '中国', '南中国海争端']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/xi-met-with-vietnamese-prime-minister-20230628/7158151.html 
The Swedish police approved the demonstration of the Coca Classic 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T17:43
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T17:43
Description: The Swedish demonstrators planned to burn the "Coco" again, and the event had been approved by the police. This is expected to further intensify the tension between Sweden and Türkiye. According to Agence France -Presse, the Swedish police have approved the demonstrator on Wednesday (June 28), that is, the beginning of the Harchi holiday of the Harchi Festival, in Stock ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['瑞典', '回教']
The Swedish demonstrators planned to burn the "Coco" again, and the event had been approved by the police. This is expected to further intensify the tension between Sweden and Türkiye.
According to Agence France -Presse, the Swedish police have approved the demonstrator on Wednesday (June 28), that is, the beginning of the Harchi holiday of the Harchi Festival, and the demonstration event was held outside the main Muslim Church in Stock. The demonstrator is said to be burned in the Coco.
In January of this year, a demonstrator in Sweden burned the Coco Classic outside the Turkish Embassy in Stockon, which triggered the dissatisfaction of the local protests and Islam. Sweden's applied agenda to join NATO was also frustrated.
Voice of America reported that the Swedish police refused to criticize the demonstrators in the rally in February, saying that the incineration incident in January had made Sweden a more priority attack target. However, the Swedish court rejected the police's decision in April that the issue of security risk was not enough to limit the right to demonstrate.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408776 
"Asia Pacific Report" June 28, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T17:47:26-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T17:47:26-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Liberty Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/YP 06282023095238.html/@stream The main content of this show:
1 . Many Christians in Shunde were sentenced to sentence, and a pastor in Guangzhou was ordered to join the official church
2 . Wang Quanzhang was besieged for two weeks, and the Li Heping couple was forced to bid farewell to the home
3 . 45 -year -old general manager's unemployment has become a flash delivery, and the middle class falls.
4 . Xi Jinping's book sales include the top 5 books sales in May and June
5 . Chinese diplomat in the European Union Fu Cong supports Ukraine to recover Crimea and other eallopors.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-06282023095238.html 
One of the main candidates for the presidential election of Taiwan's diplomatic relations with Dangmara, one of the presidential elections, claims to be close to Beijing 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T18:13:58+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 10:14:15Z
Description: One of Guatemala's presidential candidate Bernardo Arevalo said on Tuesday (June 27) that if he was elected, he would seek closer relationships with China. In the first round of the presidential election of Sunday, Arevaro achieved unexpected results, which means that he will participate in the presidential election in August this year.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美洲', '中国', '台湾']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/guatemalan-presidential-candidate-seeks-closer-tie-with-beijing-20230628/7158169.html 
Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Handling Water Elementary Sea Equipment Japan Startup Final Examination 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T18:15
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T18:48
Description: The Japan Atomic Energy Regulations began to conduct a final confirmation inspection of the Water Equipment Equipment of the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station. Comprehensive Kyodo News and "Asahi Shimbun" reported that the atomic energy regulation committee launched a three -day inspection work on Wednesday (June 28). They will check and transfer ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['福岛第一核电站', '日本']
The Japan Atomic Energy Regulations began to conduct a final confirmation inspection of the Water Equipment Equipment of the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station.
Comprehensive Kyodo News and "Asahi Shimbun" reported that the atomic energy regulation committee launched a three -day inspection work on Wednesday (June 28). They will check the equipment and safety testing system related to transfer water. If the inspection is approved, it means that the equipment required for the processing of water for the nuclear power plant is ready.
Tokyo Electric Power Corporation said that the permit for emitted nuclear power plants to process water may be issued one week after the inspection work is completed. Dongdian may start discharged water shortly after that, but it has not yet determined the specific date.
According to the plan, Dongdian will use a large amount of seawater to dilute water to dilute the concentration of radioactive substances that cannot be filtered by the multi -core -remove system (ALPS). Expossed offshore discharge.
The Japanese authorities and East Electric Star started the sea around this summer, but there are still local fishery groups in Japan that local fishery groups still strongly protest, worrying that safety issues and reputation will be damaged. Neighbors South Korea, China, and some Pacific island countries also expressed concern about the safety of handling water.
According to Zhongtong News Agency, President Dongdian said on Wednesday at all shareholders' conferences that Fukushima's nuclear sewage cannot be postponed after treatment, but Dongdian will still obey the promise of the sea without the understanding of the local fishery group.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408787 
Police shooting juveniles quoted demonstration to protest against Paris police and civilians, 31 people were arrested 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T19:12
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T20:38
Description: A demonstration in Paris broke out, protesting a 17 -year -old boy who refused to park for a parking. Demonstrators clashed with the police during the event and 31 were arrested. According to a comprehensive foreign news report, the Algerian juvenile Nael M. on Tuesday (June 27) in Paris ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['法国', '巴黎', '示威']
A demonstration in Paris broke out, protesting a 17 -year -old boy who refused to park for a parking. Demonstrators clashed with the police during the event and 31 were arrested.
According to a comprehensive foreign news report, the Algerian juvenile Nael M. on Tuesday (June 27) was stopped by two police officers because of violations of traffic rules, and one of the police pointed at him with a gun. After naelm. After refusing to cooperate with the inspection and driving away, the police fired at a close range, bounced in the chest, and died on the spot.
The incident caused public anger. Some local residents went outside the police station to protest. Violent demonstrations broke out that night. The demonstrators set fire arson, destroyed bus stations, and conflicted with the police.
The Minister of the Interior Darmaen said on Wednesday (28th) that the demonstrations caused 24 police officers to be injured and about 40 cars were burned; the authorities arrested 31 people. He announced the deployment of 2,000 police officers to better deal with any violence upgrades that may occur later on Wednesday.
According to reports, the 38 -year -old policeman who was shot had been detained and was investigated for suspected intentional homicide. Nael M.'s lawyer said that there will be an additional charges for the police involved without premeditated killing, and at the same time, he will hold allegations to his colleagues.
Darmaen said that if the allegations of the police involved were established, he would be suspended.
President Macron said when he visited Marseille that the police shot and killed the juvenile "unforgivable", and he also condolences to the family members of the deceased.
This kind of incident is not the first time. In 2022, 13 France was killed after refusing to park and receiving police.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408801 
Russia's anti -air strike has caused 10 people to die: only attacked military targets 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T19:53
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T19:53
Description: Russia launched an air strike on Tuesday (June 27) Karamask in Udong City. The missile hit a restaurant, causing at least 10 people to die. The attacked restaurant is called Ria Pizza. As of Wednesday (28th), the victims have increased to 10 people, rescue workers ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '乌克兰', '空袭']
Russia launched an air strike on Tuesday (June 27) Karamask in Udong City. The missile hit a restaurant, causing at least 10 people to die.
The attacked restaurant is called Ria Pizza. As of Wednesday (28th), the victims have increased to 10, and the rescue work continues.
Agence France -Presse reported that the Russian Kremlin spokesman Peskov said on Wednesday that the Russian attack was only targeted at military goals, and "Russia did not launch an air strike against civilian facilities."
Kiev Police said that the restaurant was attacked by missiles during busy hours, and 61 were injured. According to local officials earlier, the deceased included three teenage girls and a young boy.
On Wednesday, Russia also launched an air raid against Kharkiv. A local village was attacked and three villagers were killed.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408814 
New Zealand Prime Minister Higgins visited the two parties to sign a number of trade agreements 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T2:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Beijing, 28th) China and New Zealand leaders talk about in Beijing today. The two sides signed a series of agreements to promote the trade between the two countries.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 New Zealand Prime Minister Chris Hipkins is conducting many days and cities in China to solicit business and help his country get rid of the economic recession of the election year.
After seeing the Chinese President Xi Jinping yesterday, Higgins met with Li Qiang, the Prime Minister of the State Council of the Chinese State Council in the Great Hall of the People today, and was welcomed by the 48th band of the Chinese People's Liberation Army.
Higgins described any criticism of China's infringement of human rights, Taiwan's tension, and Beijing's acquiescent Russia's comprehensive invasion of Ukraine, saying that the meeting re -confirmed the "important economic connection" between the two countries.
Higgins said: "Our trade relations are worth more than 40 billion yuan (about $ 24 billion) each year." He also emphasized that he needs to "re -confirm our important economic ties with China."
Li Qiang warmly welcomed Higgins to visit, saying that he was "a young and promising politician" and thanked him for visiting "less than half a year".
The two parties signed a number of agreements on trade, agriculture, forestry, education, science and innovation.
Faced with the internal criticism of New Zealand, Higgins insisted that the "firm economic relationship with China can help promote the New Zealand's economic recovery."
The New Zealand economy has fallen into a decline earlier this year because exports have declined and the country's most important agricultural industry has slowed down.
Western allies in Wellington have been worried for a long time that New Zealand's economy is over -dependent on China trade.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230628-%E7%BA%BD%E8%A5%BF%E5%85%B0%E6%80%BB%E7%90%86%E5%B8%8C%E9%87%91%E6%96%AF%E8%AE%BF%E4%B8%AD-%E5%8F%8C%E6%96%B9%E7%AD%BE%E5%AE%9A%E5%A4%9A%E9%A1%B9%E8%B4%B8%E6%98%93%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE 
U -defense: counterattack operations will have greater moves 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T20:29
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T20:29
Description: Ukraine Minister of Defense Leznikov said that the Ukrainian counterattack operations are currently only moving for a small progress, and Ukraine will promote greater advancement in the future. "Financial Times" reported on Wednesday (June 28) that in an interview with the newspaper, Lezonikov said that Ukraine has recaptured several Russia in recent weeks ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯']
Ukraine Minister of Defense Leznikov said that the Ukrainian counterattack operations are currently only moving for a small progress, and Ukraine will promote greater advancement in the future.
"Financial Times" reported on Wednesday (June 28) that in an interview with the newspaper, Lezonikov said that Ukrafe has recaptured several Russian villages in recent weeks, but this is not the main "main" main counterattack plan. "Incident", when the Ukraine takes further movements, everyone will see it.
Laznikov said that the Ukrainian army has achieved some results, but the General Staff did not make public publicity to avoid exposing the army plan. The Russian army sometimes does not report to a region to a certain area out of fear of psychology.
He also said that the main troops of Ukraine, as well as most brigades that have recently trained in the West and equipped with modern NATO tanks and armored vehicles, have not yet sent in the war.
On the other hand, Leznikov believes that Russia's mutiny has exposed the weaknesses of the Moscow regime, but U.S. cannot pin the hope of winning in Russia to further turmoil. He emphasized that there is no sign of morale collapse in Russia.
In addition, Leznikov appealed to NATO's process of promoting Ukraine to the Alliance at the Vilnis Summit in July. He said that Ukraine is the only country that has the combat experience of "curbing the Russians" and uses NATO weapons for this. "What are the reasons for inviting Ukraine to join NATO?"
He acknowledged that Kiev was still unlikely to be eligible for NATO member states during the operation, but he still hoped that NATO would add a "clear signal" for Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408823 
The Vatican Peace Special Envoy resisted Russia for Russia and Ukraine to promote 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T20:37
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T20:37
Description: The Catholic Emperor Francis will arrive in Russia and will hold talks with President Putin's consultant to hold talks. Agence France -Presse reported that the Kremlin spokesman Peskov announced on Wednesday (June 28) that the Vatican special envoy Matteo Maria ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '天主教']
The Catholic Emperor Francis will arrive in Russia and will hold talks with President Putin's consultant to hold talks.
Agence France -Presse reported that the Kremlin spokesman Peskov announced on Wednesday (June 28) that the Vatican Special Embassy Matteo Maria Zuppi visited Russia.
Zubi is from the Sant'egidio Catholic Community, which specializes in diplomatic and peaceful efforts.
Peskov said that Zubi would hold talks with Ushakov, a foreign policy adviser to Putin, and Russia "attaches great importance to the Vatican's efforts and measures to seek peace in the Ukrainian crisis."
Zabi started a trip to Russia on Tuesday (27th). This is also the first visit to Russia since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War in 2022. He will hold a mass on Thursday (29th) in the main Catholic Cathedral in Moscow.
Agence France -Presse reports pointed out that Catholicism's senior clergy has rarely appeared in Moscow, and has never visited Moscow.
Zubi had talks with President Zeisky in early June, but did not make much progress.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408827 
On Wednesday, the U.S. Poqian Technology Stock Period focuses on Walgreens Boots Alliance's post -epidemic performance 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T20:40
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T21:53
Description: On Wednesday (June 28), the focus: The Wall Street Journal reported that the Bayeng government is considering new restrictions on the merchants who export artificial intelligence chips to China, which leads to a new restrictions on the main stock index stock market futures in the Wall Street stock market in the United States (June 28) Lower, technology stocks led.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['今晚美市看什么', '美国股市', '美市', '财经即时']
Wednesday (June 28): 
Pre -trading focus: 
 The picture shows the ultra -micro K6 chip. (File photo)
 Micron Technology will release performance after the market. (Reuters)
 Because of the decline in consumer overall expenditure and the decline in market demand for coronary vaccines and detectors, Walgreens Boots Alliance's third fiscal quarter is not up to standards. (Reuters)
Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (Nasdaq Stock Exchange code: WBA) 
As the overall expenditure of consumers declines and the market demand for coronary vaccines and detectors is declining, the third fiscal quarterly profit of the chain pharmacy group Walgreens Bootsalliance not only meets the standards, but even the group's forecast for the annual profit Lower the amplitude.
According to WALGREENS BOOTSALLIANCE's third -quarter performance report as of the end of May this year, the Group's turnover increased by 8.6 % year -on -year to US $ 35.420 million, and the profit per share was $ 1. Although the average prediction of analysts collected by Refinitiv is the turnover of US $ 34.24 billion, the profit forecast per share is $ 1.07. This is also the first time since July 2020, WalgreensBOOTS Alliance has been the first time that low profit has been predicted by analysts.
Not only that, the executives of Walgreens Bootsalliance also made the annual profit forecast from the previous profit of $ 4.45 to $ 4.65, significantly reduced to $ 4 to $ 4.05 per share, which surprised many investors. Even its CEO Rosalindbrework's online performance report conference also told analysts that she was disappointed with this year's profit forecast.
In order to better cope with new market conditions, Bruch said she would increase the cost reduction plan of Walgreens Bootsalliance to $ 4.1 billion, including $ 800 million saved by fiscal 2024. The Group will also be committed to improving the profitability of its healthcare department.
Although Brull is not satisfied with this performance, she still believes that Walgreens Boots Alliance has adopted the correct strategy to promote future growth.
Of the 12 analysts of Tipranks, only two were given to Walgreens Bootsalliance's "buy" rating, eight "holding" rating, and the two "sell" rating, but the average target price of the one -year period was $ 37.55 Essence In other words, based on the closing market price of $ 28.64 overnight, these analysts believe that the stock can increase by 31.11 % on average.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408829 
The collapse of the Egyptian building has killed 10 people 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T20:57
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T20:57
Description: A building collapse occurred on Monday (June 26) in Egypt. As of Wednesday (28th), 10 people have been killed. A resident building in Alexander City, Egypt collapsed, and reported from the United States CNN (CNN) on Tuesday (27th) that the victims include one child ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['埃及', '坍塌']
A building collapse occurred on Monday (June 26) in Egypt. As of Wednesday (28th), 10 people have been killed.
A resident building of Alexander City, Egypt collapsed, and reported from the United States CNN (CNN) on Tuesday (27th) that the victims include a child. Egyptian media reported that the four injured in the accident had been discharged after receiving treatment, and five people still lost contact.
According to Xinhua News Agency, there were 13 floors in the accident that happened vertically on Monday, and then collapsed and caused a fire. Most of the people living in the building are foreign tourists who come to vacation.
Local officials said that the collapsed buildings have disrupted for a long time and have hidden safety hazards. They were previously ordered to demolish, and the building was still in a safety inspection at the time of the incident. The owner and contractor of the building have been sued, and the relevant departments have requested the reason for the collapse as soon as possible.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408836 
Wagner's mutiny may re -think China's risk of deep relations with Russia 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T21:08:14+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 13:08:14Z
Description: The terror of the Wagner Group's mercenaries have come to an end, but all sectors of China, which claims to be "unclear" with Russia, may reflect on the advantages and risks of Russian relations too much.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '欧洲']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/wagner-mutiny-exposes-risks-for-china-s-deep-russian-ties-20230628/7158336.html 
Zelei: Russian politics and military leaders are "robbers" 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T21:25
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T21:25
Description: Ukraine President Zernesky said Russia's political and military leaders were "robbers" and said Ukraine opposed "any variant of freezing conflicts." Reuters reported that Zelei Sky Wednesday (June 28) made the above remarks during the Parliament. He said that Ukraine is walking ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '乌克兰', '泽连斯基']
Ukraine President Zernesky said Russia's political and military leaders were "robbers" and said Ukraine opposed "any variant of freezing conflicts."
Reuters reported that Zelei Sky Wednesday (June 28) made the above remarks during the Parliament. He said that Ukraine is going to victory, and Russia must not escape sanctions that should be faced because of aggression against Ukraine.
He said at the meeting: "Politics and military leaders of the Russian Federation should not be as good as national leaders because of their exemption." He emphasized that these political and military leaders are "seizing the control of Russian national institutions to control the control of the Russian national institutions. "The robbers" began to intimidate the entire world.
Zelei also stated in his speech that Ukraine opposes any peace plan to freeze Russia in the territory during the war, "Ukraine will not agree with any variant of frozen conflicts."
Zelei Sky proposed a peaceful plan containing 10 proposals in 2022, including the restoration of Ukraine's territorial integrity, Russia withdrawal, and national border that resumed Ukraine.
In addition, Zerrenki also called for discussing the future of Ukraine across the country, "to answer all the basic questions about Ukraine and our future" and provide a common vision for Ukraine what victory.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408842 
Zheng Wencan, deputy dean of the Taiwan Executive Yuan, visited Japan to widely contact Japanese politicians and promote the advantages of scientific and technological cooperation 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T22:03:54+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 14:03:54Z
Description: Zheng Wencan, deputy dean of the Taiwan Executive Yuan, was visiting Japan on Wednesday (June 28) to meet with the Japanese Liberal Democratic Party Director -General Maomin Chong. Zheng Wencan arrived in Japan on Monday and began his four -day visit to Japan. This is the first time the deputy dean of the Executive Yuan of the Taiwan Executive Yuan has been in the past 29 years. Last time in 1994.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '亚太']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/taiwan-sends-vice-premier-to-japan-for-first-time-in-29-years-20230628/7158385.html 
Russian plane arrived in Washington to pick up Russian diplomats 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T22:49
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T22:55
Description: The Russian government aircraft arrived in Washington and returned to Russia in Russia. Comprehensive foreign news reported that a Russian government aircraft arrived on Washington on Tuesday (June 27). The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the aircraft was to pick up Russian diplomats. The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs emphasized that this is not Russian diplomacy ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美俄关系', '外交']
The Russian government aircraft arrived in Washington and returned to Russia in Russia.
Comprehensive foreign news reported that a Russian government aircraft arrived on Washington on Tuesday (June 27). The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the aircraft was to pick up Russian diplomats.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs emphasized that this is not the deportation of Russian diplomats, but that the United States has restrictions on the work settings of Russia in the United States.
US State Department spokesman Miller said to the media on Tuesday that the US government allows Russian contractors to go to the United States to pick up Russian diplomats who have ended their mission back to Russia. "As a gift (Russia), we hope that the Russian side will arrive in the Moscow Embassy in Moscow for US diplomats and goods to maintain open transportation."
Since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, the United States has imposed sanctions on Russia's aggression, banned all Russian aircraft from entering the United States, and US planes will not fly over Russia.
Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov said on Wednesday (28th) that the US White House National Security Counselor Shalvin and Moscow had contact with Moscow's work issues on the two countries.
During the Russian and Ukraine War, the US -Russian high -level diplomatic contact was very limited, and some contacts were to arrange the release of Americans detained Russia.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408866 
Poland President President visited Ukraine, and he would help Wu to enter the NATO 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T23:03
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T23:05
Description: Polish President Duda, who visits Ukraine, said Poland will work with Lithuania to ensure that Ukraine join NATO. Reuters reports that Dada stated at a press conference on Wednesday (June 28) that Poland and Lithuania will try their best to allow Ukraine to qualify for NATO member states as soon as possible. "us...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '北约']
Polish President Duda, who visits Ukraine, said Poland will work with Lithuania to ensure that Ukraine join NATO.
Reuters reports that Dada stated at a press conference on Wednesday (June 28) that Poland and Lithuania will try their best to allow Ukraine to qualify for NATO member states as soon as possible. "We (Poland and Lithuania) are trying to ensure that the decision made by the NATO in the July Summit will clearly reveal the point of view of Ukraine to the alliance. We are talking to allies on this issue."
Da Da visited Ukraine with Lithuanian President Sada. President Tao's office said in a statement that the two leaders' visit will discuss the "NATO Summit agenda", Ukraine's negotiations to join the European Union, and Europe's support for Ukraine.
Polish President's Office also issued a statement on the same day that Duda will discuss frontline warfare with Zelezzky and the preparations for the NATO Summit in July.
As the NATO leader approaches the July summit, Ukraine has recently called on the summit to actively promote Ukraine to join NATO's agenda. However, there are still differences in NATO on this issue.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408870 
Beijing threatened the Far Vendo, and the exile of Hong Kong people still feels worried in the UK 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T23:33:01+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 15:33:01Z
Description: After the Beijing authorities pushed the National Security Law at the end of June 2020, one country, two systems have already become a joke, and Hong Kong people have already lived under the high -pressure rule of white horror. Because the Chinese government crackdown on disagreement, even Hong Kong people who fled Britain, although their bodies were far away from right and wrong, still felt the threat of the Beijing authorities.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '欧洲', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hong-kong-exiles-in-uk-say-living-in-fear-of-beijing-20230628/7158552.html 
"Blind", and was scolded in the ear, New Zealand signed a cooperation agreement with Beijing 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T23:40:44+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 15:40:44Z
Description: China and New Zealand signed a series of cooperation agreements on Wednesday (June 28). This should be an important achievement that New Zealand Prime Minister Chris Hipkins, which advocates expanding relations with China. However, Beijing obviously does not like this "friend" criticism of China on human rights issues.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '亚太', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-signs-pacts-with-friend-and-partner-new-zealand-20230628/7158395.html 
A man in Sweden burned the Coca Culture Türkiye condemnation 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T23:55
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T23:55
Description: A man in Sweden burned the Coco Classic during the demonstration, causing Turkish protests. According to a comprehensive report, a man stepped on the "Coca Jing" outside Wednesday (June 28) outside Stockholm, and also stuffed a few bacon into the book. Later, he will ... the Coca Scripture ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['回教', '瑞典', '示威']
A man in Sweden burned the Coco Classic during the demonstration, causing Turkish protests.
According to a comprehensive report, a man stepped on the "Coca Jing" outside Wednesday (June 28) outside Stockholm, and also stuffed a few bacon into the book. Subsequently, he ignited the Coca Sutra, and he held the Swedish flag at the same time.
According to the media earlier, This demonstration has been approved by the Swedish police Essence The man is one of the two organizers. About 200 people watched his demonstration, and some people expressed their support, and shouted "Let it burn".
Agence France -Presse reported that the man was Salwanmomika, 37 years old, and fled from Iraq to Sweden a few years ago. He applied to the police for approval of the demonstration to "express my view of the Coco"; he also told the media beforehand that he wanted to emphasize the importance of freedom of speech.
Mimica's behavior caused Türkiye's dissatisfaction. The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Hakanfidan, issued a article condemned: "My curse (Mimica) on the first day of the Harchi Festival, the despicable behavior committed by the" Kelan Sutra "."
Philidan emphasized that it is unacceptable to allow these anti -mobilization actions to allow freedom of speech as an excuse. "A blind eye to this kind of brutal behavior is the same."
The Swedish police later accused Mimica inciting hostile nation or national groups, as well as the prohibition of arson in the middle of this month.
The Coco Classic incident in Sweden in January, set off a angry mood and protest demonstration in the Turkish and Muslim world, and Sweden's applied agenda to join NATO was also frustrated.
The Swedish police refused to approve two similar demonstrations after security issues, but was eventually rejected by the court.
Swedish Prime Minister Crist Song commented on the press conference on Wednesday, saying that Mimica's behavior was legal but inappropriate. He will not guess how this demonstration will affect the process of Sweden joining NATO.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230628-1408880 
UBS intends to cut 35,000 employees at the end of July. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T7:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Geneva, 27th) Bloomberg News reported today that the Swiss Bank Group plans to cut off more than half of the employees of Credit Suisse, which is about 35,000, and is expected to start the first layoffs at the end of July.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to AFP, in March of this year, because investors were concerned about CreditSuisse's solvency, the CreditEss, which originally owned 45,000 employees, almost closed down. Since then M & A Credit.
At that time, many analysts warned that due to the overlap of two banks, a large number of employees were unemployed after the merger.
UBS is unwilling to respond to Agence France -Presse for layoffs.
As of the end of last year, there were about 120,000 employees under the two major financial groups of Creditkin and UBS, of which 37,000 were in Switzerland.
According to sources who are closely related to these two banks, the report said that employees have learned that 3 waves will be launched this year. The first wave will be launched at the end of July, and the second and third waves are scheduled to be carried out in September and October, respectively.
Sergio Ermotti has warned earlier this month that the next few months is likely to be "bump". After the merger, you may need to make a "several waves of waves" difficult decision, especially in terms of personnel.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E7%91%9E%E9%93%B6%E6%8B%9F%E5%A4%A7%E7%A0%8D%E7%91%9E%E4%BF%A13-5%E4%B8%87%E5%90%8D%E5%91%98%E5%B7%A5-7%E6%9C%88%E5%BA%95%E5%85%88%E8%A3%81%E7%AC%AC1%E6%B3%A2 
The Swedish police approved the Coca -Burning in the Mosque to protest 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-28T9:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28T12:50:03+00:00
Description: (France -France -France -France -France -France Golma, 28th) Swedish police said today that they have approved a protests to burn the Koran (Koran) to burn the Koran (EID ... EID ... EID ... EID ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Police stated in the decision that according to the current law, the "nature is not enough to prove that there is reason to decide to reject the application" according to the current law.
Police have refused to approve two demonstrations in Stockholm, including incineration of the Coco, but were rejected by the Swedish Court of Appeal two weeks ago.
The reason for the police at the time was the issue of security, because after an incident incident occurred outside the Turkish embassy in January this year, it detonated for several weeks of protests and the sound of the cup of Ge Swedish products, which led to Sweden's application for joining the North Atlantic Convention. ( NATO) Action is blocked.
Turkey believes that Sweden fails to ban the Kurds organizations that the Turkish nations are regarded as "terrorists" and are dissatisfied with the Swedish police approved the January of January, thus obstructing Sweden to join NATO.
Swedish police subsequently refused to apply for two protests related to the Coculan Classic in February. They were individuals and one organization.
The Swedish Court of Appeal ruled in mid -June that the police could not reject the application and pointed out that the social order and security reasons proposed by the police had no fully clear correlation with the activities in the plan or its nearby area.
Today's demonstration application was proposed by the same person who had been rejected before.
According to a copy obtained by Agence France -Presse, 37 -year -old Salwanmomika wrote in the application: "I want to protest in front of the Stockholm Mosque. I want to express my view of the Coco, and I want to tear the incineration of the Coco." Police said that police forces across the country had supported Guian.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230628-%E7%91%9E%E5%85%B8%E8%AD%A6%E6%96%B9%E6%89%B9%E5%87%86%E6%B8%85%E7%9C%9F%E5%AF%BA%E5%A4%96%E7%84%9A%E7%83%A7%E5%8F%AF%E5%85%B0%E7%BB%8F%E6%8A%97%E8%AE%AE%E8%A1%8C%E5%8A%A8 
As accused of hype on China's economy, Wu Xiaobo, the "most profitable money writer", was stunned 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (高锋)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-29T00:07:15+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 16:07:15Z
Description: Recently, many Internet celebrities in China have been stunned under the economic downturn, including Wu Xiaobo, who claims to have more than 4 million fans. Weibo named condemn the negative information such as the unemployment rate of the popular writer, attacking and denying the current policy. At the same time, Hu Xijin, the former editor -in -chief of the Chinese official media "Global Times", announced with a high posture and entering the Chinese stock market with the goal of profit. According to the outside world, whether the Chinese authorities will deliberately create public opinion for the purpose of stimulating the economy and the purpose of the wind.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-censors-prominent-journalist-who-raised-concerns-about-economy-20230628/7158510.html 
Lin Peirui: "Kong Yiji Literature" really shows the current problem in China? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (林培瑞)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-29T01:34:47+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 21:59:42Z
Description: In recent years, about 26% -30% of Chinese college students have been unable to find a job after graduation. Unemployment is uncomfortable to anyone. For graduates, I have just read the book for four years. I hope that I can have a corresponding job but I have nothing. How can I become more uncomfortable? Unemployment is like being faced out of thin air. It is so expensive to buy a house. I do n’t dare to get married and support my family.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['特约时评', '文化', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/perry-link-on-lu-xun-s-reflection-of-chinese-society-20230628/7158740.html 
The latest polls in the United States: Wagner's soldiers have prompted more Americans to support military aid Ukraine 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-29T01:40:06+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 17:40:06Z
Description: A new poll in the United States found that most Americans support the government to provide weapons assistance to Ukraine to help it defeat Russia and defend their homes.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '乌克兰局势']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/poll-shows-most-americans-support-us-arming-ukraine-20230628/7158409.html 
Britain held the "banned by Beijing" exhibition China and Hong Kong artists challenged the regime with their works 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (郑乐捷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-29T03:07:23+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 19:07:23Z
Description: A group of artists exhibited political art works that are difficult to display in the political environment of mainland China and Hong Kong in London, England. Hundreds of people participated in the opening ceremony of the exhibition.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['文化', '欧洲', '港澳']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/banned-by-beijing-art-show-in-london-challenges-chinese-regime-20230628/7158736.html 
The quality of smoke in the Midwest and East Coast of the United States deteriorates air quality 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-29T05:14:21+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-28 21:14:21Z
Description: On Wednesday (June 28), the smoke generated by the wildfire in Canada shrouded the central and western United States and parts of the east coast, causing the sky to hazy and the air quality deterioration, which brought a health threat to millions of Americans.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '美洲', '生态环境', '健康']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/smoky-skies-hang-over-us-midwest-east-coast-hurting-air-quality-20230628/7159060.html 
