世界新闻
World News
2023-07-11
 
English 
Interview with Hong Kong current affairs cartoonist Zunzi: Bullet stop publication does not mean stop creative creation 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-07T09:22:01.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T02:42:37.000Z
Description: Zunzi is a well -known cartoonist in Hong Kong and has been engaged in current affairs comics for more than 40 years. In May 2023, after the Hong Kong government officials repeatedly criticized Zunzi's irony comics, the Hong Kong non -parental construction newspaper "Ming Pao" announced the suspension of the "Zunzi Comic Column". In an exclusive interview with BBC Chinese, Zunzi said that Beijing implemented the "National Security Law" in Hong Kong, bringing many "red lines" to local news and creative freedom, but he said that he would not leave Hong Kong or stop creating.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['香港版国安法', '香港']
Type: Article
Interview with Hong Kong current affairs cartoonist Zunzi: Columnist stopping does not mean stop creating 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66131951/P0FZYR3L/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66131951/p0fzyr3l/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support the playback multimedia materials Interview with Hong Kong current affairs cartoonist Zunzi: Bullet stop publication does not mean to stop creating July 7, 2023 Recent Updated: July 10, 2023, July 10, 2023
Zunzi is a well -known current affairs cartoonist in Hong Kong and has been engaged in creation for more than forty years. Because his theme of his works is mostly related to social and political issues in Hong Kong and mainland China, and his style is bold, it has caused controversy from time to time. In May 2023, after the Hong Kong government officials repeatedly criticized Zunzi's irony comics, the Hong Kong non -parental construction newspaper "Ming Pao" announced the suspension of the "Zunzi Comic Column". In an exclusive interview with BBC Chinese, Zunzi said that Beijing implemented the "National Security Law" in Hong Kong, bringing many "red lines" to local news and creative freedom, but he said that he would not leave Hong Kong or stop creating.
Interview, photography, editing: Li Luo 
Special thanks: Leave the book house 
related information 
Hong Kong "Ming Pao" stopped publisher Zunzi 40 -on -if comics column again to attract news free controversy 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66131951 
Biden joined Ukraine to the end of NATO and the end of the war to warn the consequences of Russia to warn the West to continue armed Kiev 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-10T02:51:04
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T02:51:04
Description: On Sunday, U.S. President Joe Biden joined Ukraine to the North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) to end the Russian and Ukraine War. On the other hand, Moscow warned that the West continued to supply advanced weapons to Kiev's advanced weapons.
Images: [" 1-1688955694.png "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian army bombarded the Russian army position in the Basal region (Anado News Agency)
On Sunday, U.S. President Joe Biden joined Ukraine to the North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) to end the Russian and Ukraine War. On the other hand, Moscow warned that the West continued to supply advanced weapons to Kiev's advanced weapons.
Biden said in an interview with the US "CNN" channel two days before the NATO Summit held in Lithuania that Ukraine has not yet prepared to join NATO, and emphasized that it has not yet joined NATO to reach a "consensus" for Kiev.
Biden emphasized his position, that is, Ukraine now joining NATO will cause the alliance to fall into a state of direct war with Russia.
The President of the United States emphasized that Washington and its NATO will continue to provide Ukraine with weapons needed to end with the Russian war.
On the other hand, US National Security Consultant Jack Shalvin said that NATO leaders will discuss Ukraine's joining NATO with Ukraine officials during the Lithuania Summit.
According to Bloomberg, the US President left Washington on Sunday and will meet with British Prime Minister Rich Sonak on Monday on Monday, and then go to Lithuania to participate in the NATO Summit began on Tuesday.
German and cluster bomb 
In this context, German President Frank Walter Steinmier called for not to "stop" the United States to transport cluster bombs to the Ukrainian army at the same time, while defending Germany's official opposition to these controversial weapons.
In an interview with German television, Steinmore said, "Germany's position in opposition to cluster ammunition is still reasonable, but under the current circumstances, it is impossible to prevent the United States from transporting them to Ukraine."
Steinmier added that if Ukraine is no longer capable of defending himself, or those who help it to stop doing this, it will be the end of Ukraine.
The United States announced a new military assistance to Ukraine last Friday to support Ukraine against Russia, including cluster ammunition, which made the types of weapons provided by Kiev reached a new threshold. Washington's statement was strongly criticized by non -governmental organizations. It also embarrassed European countries.
These controversial weapons can launch as many as hundreds of small explosives, which may cause civilians to die.
This kind of weapon is a prohibited weapon in many countries, especially in Europe that signed the Oslo Agreement in 2008, and the United States, Ukraine or Russia did not sign the agreement.
Russian warning 
On the other hand, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned that continuously providing military supply to Kiev will cause destructive effects and negative consequences, and warn the consequences of Asuka leaders returning to Kiev, Ukraine from Istanbul.
Lavrov added that in the talks with Turkish Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan, the two sides discussed the cooperation between the two countries on global grain security issues in the case of his so -called Western countries' inability to implement the grain agreement.
On the other hand, Russia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Maria Zaharava called on the leadership of NATO leaders to discuss the situation of the Ukraine Zhapollo Nuclear Power Station at the summit held at the Lithuanian capital of Vernus on Tuesday.
Zaharova accused Ukraine of the so -called systemic damage to the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, and added that the NATO Summit should pay attention to the matter.
Bark Matt Battle 
A reporter from the Peninsula reported on the spot that violent conflicts and mutual shelling between Ukraine and Russia broke out near Bachomut, east of Donetz.
According to local sources in the area, the Ukrainian army made significant progress on the southern axis of Bachurut.
Spoch Cievati, a spokesman for the Eastern Ukrainian combat commander, told Peninsula TV that Russia's statement on Ukraine's use of chemical weapons in Bachland was fabricated.
The Ukrainian military officials said that the Russian army promoted the losses of the column to regain in Bachomut, and emphasized that the Ukrainian army is protecting all the locations they control and defeated the attempts of the Russians to regain these places.
On the other hand, the Russian Ministry of Defense stated that its troops have repelled all offensive attempts on Ukraine in Donetsk, Zapolo and Lugusk's axis. The Russian troops destroyed the ammunition stores of Zapolo and Donetsk.
At the same time, Russian officials said that the air defense system shot down four missiles on Sunday, one of which flew over the Crimean Peninsula, which was a territory that Russia seized and annexes from Ukraine in 2014.
Russia's appointed Crimean governor Sergei Akkinov posted a text through a Telegram application that a cruise missile was shot down near the city of Crimea, which did not cause damage or casualties. Nov did not specifically explain the launch of the missile.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/7/10/%e6%8b%9c%e7%99%bb%e5%b0%86%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e5%8a%a0%e5%85%a5%e5%8c%97%e7%ba%a6%e4%b8%8e%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%bb%93%e6%9d%9f%e8%81%94%e7%b3%bb%e8%b5%b7%e6%9d%a5 
What are the plans for a license to expand the Jewish carrying weapons to 30,000 people? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-10T04:08:25
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T04:08:25
Description: Based on the pretext of restricting the Palestinian resistance campaign for the upgrade of Israel's goals, the Israeli National Security Minister Itemarl Ben Gevil has approved a number of measures to speed up the license to issue weapons to the Jews to prevent the weapons of the attacking attacker from the shot. And prohibit them from investigating them.
Images: [" 1-1688961700.png ", " 1-1688961748.png ", " 1-1688961777.jpg ", " 1-1688961811.png "]
Topics: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '新闻']
Keywords: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '新闻', '以色列', '巴勒斯坦']
Type: Article
 The Israeli police received a new instruction that can easily pull the trigger and give the liquidation commander's exemption (Peninsula TV)
Based on the pretext of restricting the Palestinian resistance campaign for the upgrade of Israel's goals, the Israeli National Security Minister Itemarl Ben Gevil has approved a number of measures to speed up the license to issue weapons to the Jews to prevent the weapons of the attacking attacker from the shot. And prohibit them from investigating them.
According to Channel 12 Channel 12, according to the new instructions approved by Ben Gevevil and the Occupible Jerusalem Police Command Central Headquarters Investigation Department, the conditions will be relaxed, some of which will be deleted, and the scope of the ex -weapon permit to the Israelites will expand And encourage Jews to carry weapons in public places.
According to the new instructions, if this operation is a "national attack", the police will return the weapon to the shot Israelis after investigation, and if the shooter's behavior is "self -defense", or the perpetrator is injured or the perpetrator is injured or the perpetrator is injured or the perpetrator is injured or the perpetrator is injured or Death, and stopped shooting immediately after the dangerous past and the perpetrator was "subdued", then this program is still effective.
Traviv encountered the recent attack a few days ago. This is an response to Israel's aggression on Jenin. Before these instructions, those who shoot the perpetrators must hand over weapons to the police. Survey of "Warning".
 Against the demonstration of armed militia and the measures to assist the settlers and the occupation police officers (Peninsula TV)
pardon killer 
The drafting of the new instructions encouraged the Jews to carry the permitted weapons, fight and shoot the perpetrators who attacked, and obtained legal exemptions to prevent the gun from being prosecuted or held accountable in the Israeli judicial department.
Human rights organizations expressed their concerns, and worried that the new police procedure would promote the phenomenon of deducting the trigger and legalizing the murder by accelerating the issuance of weapon licenses and encouraging the Jews to shoot at the perpetrator. in the case of.
According to the "Israel Today", these instructions will issue weapons permits to 30,000 Israelis each year, and pointed out that since the beginning of this year, with the upgrading of Palestine's resistance to operation, the number of applications for carrying weapon licenses has doubled by doubled. Essence
According to the newspaper, since this year, 17,000 brought weapon requests have been submitted to the Israeli Ministry of the Interior. With the reform of Ben Geville, these requests will be approved.
 How long will the Israeli resident's attack on Palestine?
Armed Jewish ... 
This number increased by 450%, and 2049 new licenses were issued at the time.
According to statistics from the Israeli Ministry of the Interior, about 200,000 Israeli civilians have a permit with weapons. In addition, the number of civilian volunteers in police and security departments is estimated to be about 35,000.
The new instruction is consistent with the plan of the Ben Geville Armed Israeli Jews, which allows any people who are 21 years of age to apply for carrying weapons permits. Previously, the lowest age requirements were 27 years old. Personnel.
According to Ben Geville's plan, the people holding the permit of the weapon will expand to all personnel who serve as "combatants" in the army, and all personnel who volunteered to engage in ambulances and rescue work in the "Red David Star" And short -term service soldiers who have served and studied at a settlement point on the west bank of the Jordan River on the west bank of the Jordan River, the preparatory soldiers of the biblical institutions, planned requirements, planned the procedures for issuing licenses, and shortened the approval time limit.
 The settlers in Rhodes have called for the killing of the Arabs (Peninsula TV)
Negative impact 
According to the Israeli Civil Rights Association Lawyer An Sucio(Ann succio)It is estimated that the plan of Ben Gevel's plan may have an unprecedented and impossible way to increase the potential number of gun license holders by 600,000.
According to the new plan, anyone who has occupied military service in Israel and received combat training, even if the service has ended 50 years, has the right to obtain a gun. According to Sucio On the table of Israeli families. "
Sucio explained that the new instructions are the permits to kill the Palestinian people on both sides of the Green Line under the excuse of "combat operations in the background of the nation" (Palestinian Commando Action). Negative effects will also lead to an increase in violence, crime and murder, especially in Israeli women.
Lawyer Sucio said that the Civil Rights Association had previously petitioned to oppose the scope of the expansion and issuance of carrying weapon licenses. The Supreme Court is still discussing the current procedures of the Israeli Ministry of the Interior. deterioration."
"Killing License" 
The Chairman of the Rhoda Municipal People's Committee, lawyer Herid Zbarka's plan to plan Geveville and his new instructions for expanded weapons, and said that this is the "excuse of unable to stand" to kill the green line. License of the Palestinian on the side.
The family of lawyers of Zabarca on behalf of the martyr Musa Hasana Ibn Luther, the latter, was shot shot by a group of settlers in the so -called "dignity gift" in May 2021.
Zabarka told the Peninsula TV station that the procedure for accelerating the issue of weapon licenses to Israel was to "strengthen the militia formed under the control of Ben Geville."
He warned Israel's civilians to "use self -defense as an excuse" to expand the consequences of killing Palestinians, and pointed out that legitimate immunity to kill the perpetrators who shoot Palestinians is equal to "legalizing the legitimacy of the Palestinian people."
Zarbarka pointed out that on both sides of the green line(The west bank of the Jordan River and the Mainland)The people of the Palestinian people are facing a key stage, and added that "all of us have the responsibility to protect our existence, our present and future is exempted from Israel's power faction and all its political, security and government departments. threaten."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/middle-east/question-of-palestine/2023/7/10/%e6%af%8f%e5%b9%b4%e5%90%913%e4%b8%87%e4%ba%ba%e9%a2%81%e5%8f%91%e8%ae%b8%e5%8f%af%e8%af%81%e6%9c%ac%e6%a0%bc%e7%bb%b4%e5%b0%94%e6%89%a9%e5%a4%a7%e7%8a%b9%e5%a4%aa%e4%ba%ba%e6%90%ba%e5%b8%a6%e6%ad%a6 
Free Version 
Authors: ['张千帆']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-10T05:23:22+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-09T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T00:33:99+08:00
Description: Zhang Qianfan: Acknowledge the complexity and limitations of human beings, and give people a deserved respect and tolerance for different opinions, you are a real liberalist.
Images: [" 000150696_pic... "]
Themes: ['自由主义', '关注']
Keywords: ['自由主义', '宽容', '宪法', '美国政治', '最高法院', '法律']
Type: Article
 1. Why are Chinese liberals more and more split 
Recently, the US Federal Supreme Court, which has already completed conservatives, made a judgment, withdrawing the "correction" admitted by Harvard University and North Carolina State University to the new students.(affirmative action)Essence This problem was originally one of the "gunpowder barrels" that the United States had been arguing for a long time, and the popularity of judging in the United States can be imagined. It is also a "sensitive issue" that Asians, especially Chinese, are concerned, because they generally believe that the rectification of college enrollment is not good for Asians and white people. Starting at least in the 2020 presidential election, the US issue has always been the focus of Chinese people at home and abroad. Together with the previous abortion judgments, homosexual wedding cakes, and webpage customized judgments made by the Supreme Court, these issues have generated fierce and lasting controversy in the WeChat group. The argument itself is a good thing, and it is not so good to become mutual.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100203 
China prys open trillion dollars in business opportunities in Middle East, or set off a wave version 
Author: Elaine Yu
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-10T06:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T06:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-10T05:15:00.000Z
Description: China's political influence in the Middle East has increased, and the further development of economic relations has been promoted. One of the key contents is: the billions of dollars of funds are investing in Chinese companies.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001035113
Type: Article
China's political influence in the Middle East has increased, and the further development of economic relations has been promoted. One of the key contents is: the billions of dollars of funds are investing in Chinese companies.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%8F%91%E5%8A%9B%E4%B8%AD%E4%B8%9C%E6%92%AC%E5%BC%80%E4%B8%87%E4%BA%BF%E7%BE%8E%E5%85%83%E5%95%86%E6%9C%BA-%E6%88%96%E6%8E%80%E8%B5%B7%E5%AF%B9%E5%8D%8E%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E7%83%AD%E6%BD%AE-de4064da 
"Kitchen Soldier" perspective (above) (Free Version) 
Authors: ['叶胜舟']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-10T06:45:32+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-09T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T02:30:99+08:00
Description: Ye Shengzhou: Pricig Ren thinks that his relationship with Putin is more irony. He believes that he has capital to call the Minister of Defense and Chief of Staff. This dissatisfaction is not to Putin, but to the Russian Ministry of Defense.
Images: []
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '乌克兰战争', '普京']
Type: Article
On the night of June 23, Moscow's time (the same below), the person in charge of the Wagner Group Purig was a soldier, shocking the world. At 10 o'clock on June 24, Putin authorized Belarus President Lukashenko to negotiate and experienced about 9 hours of tense and efficient mediation. On the night of the 24th, Pricigen announced that he would return to camp and voluntarily exile. The plot was beyond imagination.
Pricigo Ren: Gong Gong and Pride and Pride 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100204 
Taiwan is facing major security risks: 97%of energy rely on imports (Free Version) 
Author: Sha Hua
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-10T06:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T06:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-10T05:44:00.000Z
Description: Taiwan lacks local resources and 97%of energy dependence relies on sea transportation imports. Taiwan has been slow in expanding renewable energy and natural gas production capacity. In addition, the danger of conflict between the Taiwan Strait cannot help but question Taiwan's energy safety.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001027359
Type: Article
Last year, in order to respond to the then President of the House of Representatives Perosi(Nancy Pelosi)With the move to visit Taiwan, China held a four -day real bomber exercise In fact, Taiwan has blocked Taiwan, which is a preview that China may adopt a strategy that China may adopt in the future.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%8F%B0%E6%B9%BE%E9%9D%A2%E4%B8%B4%E9%87%8D%E5%A4%A7%E5%AE%89%E5%85%A8%E9%A3%8E%E9%99%A9-97-%E7%9A%84%E8%83%BD%E6%BA%90%E4%BE%9D%E9%9D%A0%E8%BF%9B%E5%8F%A3-e5478920 
Yellen's visit to China: Does the US Treasury Secretary of China improved Sino -US relations? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-10T07:52:07.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T10:05:03.000Z
Description: The Biden government seems to be trying to prove that its Chinese policy is not simply continuing the Trump administration's open hostility to Beijing.
Images: [" _130336563_12... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['中美关系', '中國', '美国', '经济', '贸易']
Type: Article
Yellen visit to China: Does the US Treasury Secretary China improved Sino -US relations? 
July 10, 2023![] Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Yellen (left) was held in a polite atmosphere with He Lifeng (right), the head of China New Cain and Gold.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen has just ended a four -day visit to China. The purpose of her trip was to rebuild the bridge between the two countries. 
Is this trip to Beijing this time? If we only look at one most basic indicator, yes.
The United States and China have once again realized dialogue, face -to -face, even if they are not enthusiastic, they can be regarded as polite and respectful.
This is very different from that during the administration of Donald Trump, most of them rely on social media as a cross -Pacific communication, which is very different.
Yelun visited China: Who did you meet in four days and did you talk about nothing? From the "decoupling" to "risk" the strategic shift of the US and Europe policies or consensus consensus? Bollingin visited China and Biden's "dictatorship" Sino -US relations "one week under the" lip, tongue sword " Both sides' tone and content are more positive and cautious than before. Before Yellen's trip, there was still a major visit to the US Secretary of State Antony Blinken in June. Both countries promised to stabilize each other at the time Essence
At the end of Sunday (July 9), Yellen said that the establishment of "strong and constructive communication channels with China's new economic team" will help. This statement cannot be underestimated.
In March of this year, most people at the top of the Chinese government were replaced. The first condition of the newcomers was loyalty to the supreme leader Xi Jinping, and the key figures were He Lifeng, the new economic affairs executive of the country.
On Saturday (8th), Yellen spent most of the time on talks with He Lifeng. She said that the talks between the two were "direct, substantial and effective", but at the same time, they acknowledged that there were "significant differences" between the two sides.

Yellen's deep bow caused discussion 
bbc Chinese 
Yellen met with He Lifeng, who was the first to meet with the title of "Sino -US Economic and Trade Chinese Leader" in the Diaoyutai State Guest House on Saturday. When the two met, Yellen's limb language caused discussions on social media between China and the United States.
On Twitter, Asian commentators in the United States Ian Miles Cheong Describes Yellen "bowed deeply" to He Lifeng, and this is "never seen before." Newspaper "New York Post" Described that He Lifeng retreated a little back at the time and gave Yellen "more room for Kowtow."
Director of the Russian, Europe, and Asian Research Center (CREAS), Belgium, Belgian think tank TheRESA FALLON Description: "Yellen has three bows.", Supplemented by the Yan Wen character with "brain explosion". Chinese commentator Lyric Hughes Hale) He said: "I think Minister Yellen has greeted the etiquette of greeting Japan and China."
Bonnie Glaser, the Director of the Asian Project of the Marshall Foundation (GMF) in the United States (GMF)(https://twitter.com/BonnieGlaser/status/1678091536842489856)Said: "I hope anyone can tell U.S. officials that when they shake hands with Chinese officials, the station is straight."
The comments of Chinese netizens seem to show that Yellen's move is "not flattering on both sides." On the Shanghai left website Observer.com's Weibo post A Beijing netizen said: "The posture seems low, and the mentality is as arrogant as ever." A Chongqing netizen said: "This bow is in the eyes of the Chinese." A Shaanxi netizen said: "Japanese human style Bow, that's a weasel!"
Yellen reiterated in the opening of He Lifeng that the United States will take targeted measures to protect US national security, but at the same time, China and the United States should not let differences cause misunderstandings.
Throughout the trip, Yellen tried to lobby the host China. Under the governance of the president Joe Biden, the United States was not fundamentally hostile to China.
She said, "We do not regard our relationship as a conflict between the great powers." And "we don't seek decoupling" each other's economy.
The Biden government seems to be trying to prove that its Chinese policy is not simply continuing the Trump administration's open hostility to Beijing. Is she successful? We are still waiting for the Chinese side.
But the so -called behavior is better than that. From the vision of Beijing, some of the recent movements of Biden Politamental Regime are not friendly. The most critical of these is to apply export control for individual American computer chips for the development of artificial intelligence.
Beijing emphasizes the positive results of Yellen's visit 
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Yellen emphasized that the Bayeng government had no intention of "deciring" the US -China economy.
The Chinese Ministry of Finance issued a news notice on Yellen's visit to China on Monday (10th), and summarized the positive results of the four -day itinerary from four aspects.
Report description from the Ministry of Finance "Strengthening cooperation between China and the United States is the actual demand and correct choice of the two countries", and said that the two countries agreed that "follow -up to maintain high -level exchanges and communication between high -level exchanges between the Sino -US economic sector."
However, the statement also mentioned: "China once again reiterated the concerns of canceling tariffs on China, stopping Chinese enterprises, treating two -way investment in the two countries, relaxing export controls in China, and canceling the ban on products related to Xinjiang. The United States really takes action to respond to China's significant concern in the economic relations between the two countries. "
Yellen Sunday said to reporters in Beijing to summarize its itinerary She expressed concerns about the United States' "unfair economic means" -such as market access and intellectual property issues -"pressure on China" and recently increased the Chinese company's compulsory actions.
The United States did not intend to relax this ban. Instead, it started to expand and regulate it to other exports to Huagao technology. At the same time, it was drawn from Japan to Germany to the Netherlands , Do not provide China to provide the technology and equipment of the most cut -off chip.
The motivation of the United States is very simple. It does not want China to easily obtain American science and technology, thus gaining advantages in the fields of artificial intelligence, and leading in military technology. One day can be used to counter the United States in conflict, such as in Taiwan.
All this means that although the conversation is restarted, it seems to be ready to accelerate in the next few months, which is still a process of thin ice.
Here is another "balloon incident", or the US -Chinese warships and military planes passing by, which is enough to easily make the progress made in the past few days returning to the original shape.
Even the most optimistic experts believe that this has become a very difficult relationship. It requires cautious and long -term management to maintain stability.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66152123 
Ukrainian war: US military aids auxiliary bombs trigger human rights disputes 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-10T07:55:09.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T07:55:09.000Z
Description: The United States has announced that in response to Ukraine's request, it agrees to provide controversial bundle ammunition to the country, which has been criticized by the human rights organization.
Images: [" _130318341_ds... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['乔·拜登', '人权观察', '乌克兰局势升温', '俄国', '弗拉基米尔·普京', '美国', '人权', '军事', '乌克兰']
Type: Article
Ukrainian war: US military aid support bombs trigger human rights disputes 
July 10, 2023![] Image source, Joel Gunter/BBC
Image adding text,
Their role is to explode when impacting with foreign objects, but a considerable part of them is "failed bomb", which means that they will not explode at first, especially when the artillery lands on a humid or soft land.
The United States has announced that in response to Ukraine's request, it agrees to provide controversial clusterbombs to the country. This move was criticized by the human rights organization because the weapon has been banned by more than 100 countries. 
What is a bundle bomb? 
The bundle bomb is a weapon that scattered a large number of small ammunition from rockets, missiles or shells, and ammunition is scattered in a vast area during flight. Their role is to explode when impacting with foreign objects, but a considerable part of them become "dumb bombs", which means that they will not explode at first, especially when the ammunition is falling on a humid or soft land.
They may then explode when they are picked or trampled, causing the victims to die or disabled. From a military perspective, when used to fight the bunker ground forces in the trench and fortress positions, they may have a terrible effect, make the large area extremely dangerous, and people cannot move around before carefully cleaning up.
Will Russia really rotate the nuclear military rotation gambling in the Ukrainian war Tracking 331 paratroopers: Samples of the Russian elite troops falling towards the Ukrainian war Ukrainian war: Is the tank era ending? * Who leaked the secret document of the Ukrainian war in the United States? 
Why are they prohibited? 
More than 100 countries including the United Kingdom, France and Germany signed an international treaty "Convention on Clustermunition"; the convention prohibits the use or storage of these weapons because its use will cause the civilian population not Selective damage.
Because ammunition may be similar to small toys in the residential area or farmland area, it is often picked up because of curiosity, so children are particularly vulnerable to victims. Human rights organizations describe a bundle bomb as "disgust" and even war crimes.
Image adding text,
According to reports, the probability of "failure" of Russian clustering ammunition is about 40 %, which means that a large number of ammunition still threatens the ground, and the average failure rate is believed to be close to 20 %.
What other countries are using them? 
Since Russia invaded Ukraine in February 2022, Russia and Ukraine have been using cluster bombs. None of them signed related treaties. The United States has not, but it has criticized Russia to use the weapon extensively. According to reports, the probability of the "failure" of the Russian cluster bomb is about 40 %, which means that a large number of ammunition still threatens the ground, and the average failure rate is believed to be nearly 20 %.
The Pentagon is estimated to have a loss efficiency of its own bundle bomb.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Jet Bouncing ammunition is a terrible, without selective attack weapon
Why do you ask them? 
The artillery and ammunition of the Ukrainian army is extremely scarce, mainly because they are the same as Russia. They use ammunition at a very fast speed, and Ukraine Western allies cannot supplement the ammunition at the required speed. On the almost quiet and difficult front of Waan and East, artillery has become the key.
Ukraine is now facing a difficult task, trying to expel them from the defense positions set by Russia's invaders along the 1,000 -kilometer front. However, due to the insufficient artillery and ammunition, Ukraine has asked the United States to re -supplement its conclusions of ammunition inventory to combat Russian infantry who served as these defensive trenches.
This is not an easy decision for the White House, and it is extremely popular among many Democratic and human rights advocates. The debate has been performed for at least 6 months.
What impact will the United States decide? 
The impact of immediately is that the moral highland of the United States in this war will be greatly affected.
Russia has been accused of committing many war crimes, which has sufficient evidence; but the United States may attract accusations for hypocrisy of the United States. Because cluster ammunition is a terrible, non -selective attack weapon, for adequate reasons, it is prohibited in many parts of the world. The American actions will inevitably disagree with its Western ally, and any split between allies is hope and need for Putin.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66151168 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-10T08:36:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T11:19:45
Description: Moscow said that it frustrated the attack on Ukraine against Rostov and Crimia occupied by Russia.
Images: [" 1-1688987973.png "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯']
Type: Article
 Yofgen Poliger, the head of the Wagner Group Military Group, and the Russian President Vladimir Putin after the rebellion.
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/7/10/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-381 
German chemical giants go to Europe to build a new factory (Free Version) 
Authors: ['帕特里夏•尼尔森']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-10T10:37:12+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-09T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T06:21:99+08:00
Description: The incentive measures, including rapid approval and tax incentives provided by China and the United States, have attracted German chemical giants investment.
Images: [" 000186665_pic... "]
Themes: ['化工', '关注']
Keywords: ['化工', '工业', '巴斯夫', '德国经济', '能源']
Type: Article
 The German Chemical Group is investing in modern factories and green technology -but mainly outside Europe, the largest union in the industry warns.
German Chemical and Energy Industry Trade Union IG BCE Chairman Michael Vasilianis(Michael Vassiliadis)Said: "Investment in new factories and new technologies ... is out of Germany." He added that "since the emergence of energy issues", this trend has accelerated.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100205 
Bow, find a balance, and sing the double reed: How to comment on Yellen China trip 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-10T11:04:00Z
Description: After the end of the U.S. Finance Minister Yellen, what kind of analysis and expectations does Sino -US issue researchers, hourly commentators and experts in trade? Is Yellen a gift to Chinese officials?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['耶伦', '访华', '布林肯', '何立峰', '关税']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 66176844
Yellen visited China for 4 days and talked about 10 hours
(Voice of Germany) Yellen is the second cabinet member who visited China since the Bayeng government came to power. In the 4 -day trip to China, Yellen had a talks with senior Chinese officials for about 10 hours. Comments are generally believed that, like the Secretary of State Broin who visited China not long ago, the trip to China, the US Treasury Secretary Yellen, did not bring breakthroughs to bilateral relations. As she said "No visit can resolve our challenges overnight. But I hope that this trip will help build a flexible and effective communication channel."
The China Economic Expert SCOTKENNEDY, an expert in Chinese economic issues at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said: "The meeting itself is achievement, not a consensus. Our focus is that the United States and China have been in the United States and China for three years in three years in three years. There is almost no communication in half, and the degree of unbelievable and taunting two sides has accumulated a deep level. "
He said that there are many differences between the United States and China under the background of the epidemic, tariffs, national security, trade restrictions, and dilemma facing the predicament of Huamei Enterprises, and Yellen can still conduct civilized and substantial discussions with Chinese officials such as He Lifeng Significant.
"Global Times", which is quite nationalist in China through interview expert review "From the summary of Yelun, it can be seen that her understanding of Sino -US relations is generally pragmatic, objective and calm, and there is a unique insight and balance perspective as an economic expert." ](http://www.china.com.cn/opinion2020/2023-07/10/content_91766898.shtml)The summary of Yelun's visit to China has given the outside world a certain positive expectations, but this expectation is like a candlelight in the wind, not only weak but also uncertainty. The overall pessimistic expectations have not changed. It is believed that Yellen's visit will hardly change the trajectory of economic relations between the two countries, and it is difficult to promote the substantial improvement of Sino -US relations. "
Expert: The opposition state "brings damage to the US -China economy" 
Friendly Three Bow 
Reuters reported that a senior official of the US Treasury who accompanied Yellen's visit to China described the interview as "mutual respect, frankness and constructiveness", "she was warmly received."
The official revealed that Yelun met with Chinese Deputy Prime Minister He Lifeng for two hours on Saturday (July 8), but they talked for 5 hours, and then attended a "friendly" dinner.
At the beginning of the meeting with He Lifeng, a detail was widely concerned. Yellen bowed many times when He Lifeng shook hands with He Lifeng, while the host of the Chinese host stood straight there. Some media and social media said that Yellen gave a gift in Beijing, bowed to Chinese officials three, and let the United States embarrassed and so on. Bonnieglaser, director of the Asian project of the Marshall Foundation in Germany, reposted relevant videos and said, "I hope someone can tell US officials that they should straighten their chests when they shake hands with Chinese officials."
See if Yellen can relax the tariff punishment for China 
Trade experts said after the meeting that it is difficult to see how the Washington and the Chinese government will reach compromise at present. Two parties to hold a conversation are the best ways.
National Foreign Trade Council chairman JakeColvin said "I think Yellen's tone is correct, and the US government and enterprises should make efforts to reduce risks and achieve diversified supply chain. The two countries still need to maintain an important economic relationship, and Yellen has found a balance between the two. "
Hong Yan, chief economist of Grow InvestmentGroup in Hong Kong, said that a possible result is that the United States relaxes part of the punitive tariffs on some of the Chinese goods. Essence
However, Korvi believes that as the presidential election approaches the 2024 presidential election, if China does not take equal action, the Bayeng government unilaterally relax tariffs or other restrictions, which will be "politically difficult to promote."
Yellen, who plays the red face, succeeded 
Germany ’s judge Goerlach believes that under the current framework of the world pattern, Yellen's visit to China is a“ comprehensive success ”.“ She has a Chinese talks with Chinese talks to make communication channels. ”
He also believes that Yellen and the Secretary of State Brosky visited China in front of and in fact a red and white -faced double reed. "Brinton plays' white face ', Yellen plays the" red face', which means that Brinton is more difficult and must state issues such as Guoan in Beijing, while Yellen represents reasonable voices, advocating cooperation and joint trade. "
Interview: The United States is time to indicate the willingness to dialogue 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/三鞠躬、找平衡、唱双簧-外界如何评耶伦中国行/a-66176844?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
New German Immigration Law: Is family reality reality? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-10T12:15:00Z
Description: For foreign immigrants who have not been unable to reunite with their parents in Germany for a long time, the regulations of the New Immigration Law on family reunion once ignited their hope in their hearts. However, after the Voice of Germany asked the German Federal Ministry of the Interior, it was found that German immigrants were probably disappointed.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 德国新闻
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['欧债危机', '欧盟', '移民难民', '融入社会', '德国', '科隆', '留学德国', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选', '德中关系']
Id: 66177882
Germany claims to launch the "Most Advanced Immigration Law in the world" (data picture)
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Germany currently has 2 million positions vacant shortage and no one asks Essence Nursing staff, IT experts, craftsmen, and logistics industry-all these types are facing talent shortages. According to data from the German Federal Employment Bureau, 400,000 technical workers need to be attracted to maintain the stability of the labor market every year. But in 2021, only 40,000 people were willing to apply for work in Germany. The German "baby tide" generation, that is, the high birth rate of the high birth rate in the 1960s is about to retire, and the problem of the shortage of German workers will increase.
In order to reverse this situation, the German government recently finally adopted a new draft of the reform of immigration law It aims to encourage more people outside the European Union to work in Germany. Nancy's Minister of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) NancyFaeser said at the end of June to introduce the federal parliament to the "most advanced immigration law in the world", "This draft law will ensure the prosperity of Germany." Essence
The Minister of the Interior Nancy Faeser introduced the Federal Parliament at the end of June that this department will become "the world's most advanced immigration law"
Regulations on family reunion 
In the new bill, the most watched key content includes the rules of family reunion. So far, Germany cannot be regarded as a immigrant country, not only because of the lack of a clear rules. Unlike the United States, Canada, New Zealand, Australia and other hot Chinese immigration countries: even if immigrants can get permanent residence in Germany or apply for citizenship, they still cannot apply for family reunion for their parents.
However, for foreign immigrants who want to attract new technical immigrants in Germany and have long -term residence rights that have obtained long -term residence rights after employment or investment and operation after studying in Germany, how the German new immigration law stipulates that family reunion is important. It will add points to Germany for new immigrants when considering destination countries, or at least let Germany and other technology immigrants stand on the same starting line. For old immigrants who have lived in Germany, the new rules of family reunion will undoubtedly significantly shorten the distance between them and their families, improve the quality of life in Germany, and even retain those who cannot consider leaving Germany because they cannot reunite with their parents. professional.
Therefore, it is not difficult to imagine where the New Immigration Law was passed by the Federal Parliament at the end of June, where the excitement of Chinese immigrants from Germany came from. Many Chinese self -media reports said that the New Immigration Law stipulates that parents can receive their parents' long -term life. "Heavy", "good", and "Xipa Pan" are commonly used words for many German Chinese self -media to pay attention to this matter. However, take a closer look at the specific content of the draft New Law, and you will find that for old immigrants who have lived in Germany for many years, they may be disappointed.
Many old immigrants who have worked in Germany for many years still cannot reunite with their parents (information pictures)
official announcement of the Ministry of the Interior 
After many inquiries from the Voice of Germany, Mehmet ATA, spokesman for the German Federal Ministry of the Interior, confirmed that family reunion stipulated in the new law After it is implemented on March 1, 2024, it is first immigrants who have obtained a German residence permit as a professional as a professional. Also with additional conditions, new immigrants must be able to continue to ensure the living expenses of accompanying family members.
In this regard, the draft of the New Immigration Law made clear supplementary regulations in Article 36. It is said that if a foreigner obtained the relevant residence permits including Blue Card on March 1, 2024, his parents can get a residence permit for family gatherings; if the spouse also lives in Germany, the above Regulations are also applicable to their parents. However, the prerequisite is that according to Article 5), paragraph 1, paragraph 1 of the existing residence law: The living expenses of family members must be guaranteed.
At the same time, the draft reform of the new immigration law did simplify some procedures for family reunion in terms of specific regulations. For example, when applying for family reunion before, it is necessary to prove that the applicant has enough living space for family members to use. Applicable. At the same time, foreign citizens holding the EU Schengen visa into Germany do not need to return to the original country to re -apply for a work visa after finding a job. Instead, they can directly change their entry visa in Germany. This is supported by the German government, especially the Green Party. The party claimed that applicants had previously required applicants to leave Germany "ridiculous".
The problem of unresolved decision 
Nevertheless, there are still some key issues related to family reunion. For example, after parents enter Germany with professional immigrants, social welfare insurance such as medical and health insurance is properly arranged. The current situation in Germany is that public medical insurance is overwhelmed, it needs to increase premiums for years, and discuss the expansion of the insured's self -funded payment amount. However, according to the current legal system in Germany, every citizen who owns a address in Germany has obliged to buy medical insurance. Public medical insurance is obliged to incorporate it without insurance without insurance.
In addition, the draft of the German New Immigration Law Reform has also caused fierce discussions in the Chinese community in Germany. Some Chinese are very dissatisfied with the regulations that allow new technology immigrants to handle family reunion in the bill. He said that he contributed to German society through work, business and other activities in Germany. After a few years of performance of taxpayers, the basic life demands of reunion with parents still could not be guaranteed. And new immigrants can have the right to immigrate to Germany before making any substantial contributions to German society. The new law will obviously divide the Chinese and foreigners living in Germany into multiple levels. At the same time, some Chinese said that Germany should currently solve the social and economic problems of a large number of immigrants. There are also some Chinese parents who are unwilling to live in Germany for a long time because of their language, culture, diet, and social environment. After entering Germany to visit relatives for a long time, they "began to count the days to return to China."
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德国新移民法：家庭团聚现实吗？/a-66177882?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
One person died in New York's outbreak of floods, and the road was forced to close 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-10T13:38:28
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T13:38:28
Description: On Sunday evening, heavy rain caused serious floods in the Hudson Valley in New York, causing at least one person to die, the road was drowned, and the road was forced to close. At the same time, most of the other parts of the northeast of the United States also faced extreme rainfall.
Images: [" 1-1688996108.png ", " 1-1688996169.png "]
Topics: ['新闻']
Keywords: ['新闻', '美国']
Type: Article
 On July 9, 2023, in Olanzhi County, New York, outside the transportation island near Xiongshan Bridge, the Palisades Inter -Elected Highway was washed near the part of the stagnation of and flooded the flood.
On Sunday evening, heavy rain caused serious floods in the Hudson Valley in New York, causing at least one person to die, the road was drowned, and the road was forced to close. At the same time, most of the other parts of the northeast of the United States also faced extreme rainfall.
As the storm moves eastward, the National Meteorological Administration has expanded the alerts of the flood to Connecticut, including Stanford and Greenwich City, and then spread to Massachusetts. The forecasm said that the rainfall in some areas may be as high as 127 mm (5 inches).
The outbreak of mountain floods caused one person to drown and die 
In the Hudson Valley in New York, the rescue team was trying to salvage the body of a 30 -year -old woman. The woman was drowned and died by water when trying to evacuate her home. The other two escaped.
The Chief Executive of Olanzhi County Steven Nuoyos told the Associated Press that the power of the outbreak of the mountain floods led the boulder off, hit the woman's house, and damaged some walls. He also said, "Her The house was completely surrounded by floods, "and added," she tried to spend (floods) with her dog, and she was drowned by the tsunami -type waves. "
The storm has caused tens of millions of dollars.
New York State Governor Cathy Hochrr(Kathy Hochul)It was confirmed to WCBS Radio that several people disappeared and a house was destroyed.
The rainfall in some parts of New York is worse than other regions, but officials said that the communities in the eastern part of the state should be prepared to deal with heavy rain and possible mountain floods.
Officials urged residents along the storm to not on the road.
Cathy Hochrr said, "The amount of water is very large, and the situation is still very dangerous," she also added. "We will pass the difficulties," but she said, "This will be a difficult night."
 On July 9, 2023, Palisades, Palisade, New York State, suffered severe floods and washeds (Agence France -Presse)
Northeast China issued warnings in many places 
On Sunday, the governor announced that Oraland County entered an emergency. The county was located about 97 kilometers (60 miles) north of New York City, and later expanded an emergency to Ontario County, southeast of Latest, western New York.
The governor said, "We are communicating closely with local officials, and state institutions are participating in search and rescue work."
The state has deployed five emergency rescue teams and a high -axis car to help flood areas to carry out rescue.
Video released on social media show the severity of the floods. The brown rapids running around the house, and the road was destroyed by the rapidly flowing waterfall.
The Western Point of the U.S. Military Academy was suffering from severe floods, and officials were worried that some historical buildings might suffer floods.
The National Meteorological Administration of Meteorological issued a warning of mountain flood warnings to some parts of the southeast of New York, calling it "life -threatening", and also warned it to the northeast of New Jersey.
As of Monday, the National Meteorological Administration of Meteorological stated in the tweet that "it is expected that most of New England will face a considerable threat of floods, and the risk of excessive rainfall is high," "The heavy rainfall in the northeast of New York may be particularly strong.
The New York National Meteorological Administration issued a statement on Twitter that it is expected that there will be showers and thunderstorms in New York City on Sunday evening, which may lead to the outbreak of floods.
The city's emergency notification system posted on Twitter that heavy rain may lead to "the basement is flooded, life -threatening", and instructed residents to "be ready to move to a higher terrain when needed."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/7/10/%e7%ba%bd%e7%ba%a6%e6%9a%b4%e5%8f%91%e6%b4%aa%e6%b0%b4%e8%87%b4%e4%b8%80%e4%ba%ba%e6%ad%bb%e4%ba%a1%e9%81%93%e8%b7%af%e8%a2%ab%e8%bf%ab%e5%b0%81%e9%97%ad 
Can the four faction leaders go to Enjamona Chad for the President of Enshmener Charity to successfully protect themselves through the Darfur movement? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-10T14:21:54
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T14:21:54
Description: About three months after the battle broke out in Khamoum, the neighboring countries in the western Sudan took action to prevent the fire from spreading to its territory and threatened its national security and stability. As the situation in the Darfur area upgraded Evolution into a cross -border conflict.
Images: [" 1-1688998522.png ", " 1-1688998570.png "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '乍得', '苏丹']
Type: Article
 Sudan refugees (Reuters), who fled from the Darfur region near the Chachard border (Reuters)
About three months after the battle broke out in Khamoum, the neighboring countries in the western Sudan took action to prevent the fire from spreading to its territory and threatened its national security and stability. As the situation in the Darfur area upgraded The evolution into a cross -border conflict has prompted the Darfur Movement leaders of the Chad President to sign a peace agreement with the Sudan government in 2020 to negotiate the development of Darfur's situation. There are also social problems, and 13 common tribes on both sides of the border overlap.
The appeal of President Chad has resonated with all parties of Sudan. Therefore, the following personnel arrived at the capital Enjamina: Governor of the Darfur area, Minnie Alkavavivy Menovi, Minister of Finance, " Girbrire Ibrahim, the Leaders of Justice and Equality Movement, Member of the Sovereign Commission, Sudan Liberation Movement-Congress Leader Hady Idris, Sovereign Commission, Sudan PLA leader Tahil Hajar And the leader of the battlefields of each movement.
 There are 1403 kilometers of common boundaries (Reuters) in Chad and Darfur and Darfur.
ACCO 
Knowing that Chad President Mohammed Idris Dieby held a negotiator with the leaders of the Darfur Movement in Enshmener, the capital, said the meeting discussed the economic and commercial activities between Chad and Dalfur during the war. In particular, the shortage of grain goods and oil derivatives in the area.
A source interviewed by the Peninsula TV station revealed that the focus of the discussion was the impact of the Darfur War on Chad, especially the security, because the Chardling leaders were worried that the Chad opposition commander and military personnel and the rapid support forces participated in the Kotoumoume Battle Campaign. Later, the war had an impact on it.
According to sources, Enjamona asked the leaders of the Darfur Movement to cooperate to prevent any armed elements from Kagoum and Darfur's withdrawal from entering its territory, especially because it received a report saying that in the Kazakh soil, it was said that in the Kazakhs, it was said that in the Kazakh soil, it was said that in the Kazakh soil, it was said that in the Kazakhs, During the Mu War, thousands of Arab tribal fighters from neighboring countries were supported by the rapid support forces. In addition, China -Africa opposition has been trained by the Russian Wagner Group, which can enter Chad through Darfur.
Hummeti deputy in Enjameine 
In this context, the source of security and political sources revealed that the rapid support for the deputy commander of the army Abdul Rashim Dagaglo and his commander Mohammed Hamdan Dagagal (Hermeity )'s brother Also arrived at Enjamener through Land Land yesterday (Saturday). Previously, he left Khatoumoun west from Entuman and went to the North Dalfur via the desert road. After arriving at the Chading border, he took a plane to the capital of Chad.
According to the same sources interviewed by the Peninsula TV Station, all parties in the area close to the fast -supporting forces command are requested to mediate to deal with the racial cleaning that occurred in Jananer, the capital of Sidalfur, which is equivalent to the crime of war and the crime of war and the crime of war. Anti -human crime violations, humanitarian organizations and international organizations have accused the rapid support forces offending these crimes.
According to the same source, President Chad is seeking some leaders of the Darfur movement, as well as the Sultan Saad Baldin and Abdul Rashim Dgaro in the Masalite tribe to solve the meeting to solve What happened in Sidalfur, previously, human rights activists from Darfur, activists, and human rights activists from abroad, and submitted the Jananer incident files to the International Criminal Court.
Sources added that the regional parties believe that rapid support forces are responsible for these illegal acts, which will destroy the political future of its leadership, put them under international sanctions, and send them to the International Criminal Court. The practice of these forces will become its burden.
Kenya President Williamruto stayed in the Chaded capital on the way back from the Congo Blachaville on Sunday. His country is the President of Igat, who is concerned about the Sudan crisis, and the Igate Quartet held a meeting in Siyabibaba, Ethiopian, Ethiopia.

任 
Similarly, the Sudan Fuxing Party spokesman Muhammad Vada said that regional political parties that support the fast support forces require the President Chad for the alliance between the Darfur and "Hermeti" to upgrade the Dalfur War and towards it. Came Moumou exerted pressure to force him to reach a solution to achieve the next stage of military and political existence.
Wada explained in an interview with the Peninsula TV station that considering that the troops of Abdul Rashim Dagaglo are no longer capable of making any military progress in Kayoumoum or Darfur, and losing their will to fight, they have lost their will. On the verge of collapse, Daibi's efforts were shaken.
Vada added that Dagalo escaped Khatoum and would not return. "Hermeti" had hid for more than two months. army.
On the other hand, Adam Abdul Razak, a political researcher who specializes in Darfur's affairs, believes that the leaders of the three Darfur sports leaders who are visiting Enjamona are from the Zaghava Tribe, which belongs to the President of Chad, Daiby knows that the militians of the Arabia and the Chad of the Chad are planning to overthrow his rule, so they strive to protect themselves. He realized that when the Darfur region who left the Darfur borders bordered by Different politics, the Chad regime would collapse.
The researcher said in an interview with the Peninsula TV station that the influential movement in the Darfur area has discord with the rapid support forces. It lies in the weakness of "Hermeti", not cooperation with him, because these sports understand their projects. The project is based on the supreme status of the Arab group in the Darfur region, and uses the Arabin factors of West Africa and Sahele to expand. Its influence in the region.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/7/10/%e5%9b%9b%e5%90%8d%e6%b4%be%e7%b3%bb%e9%a2%86%e5%af%bc%e4%ba%ba%e5%89%8d%e5%be%80%e6%81%a9%e8%b4%be%e6%a2%85%e7%ba%b3%e4%b9%8d%e5%be%97%e6%80%bb%e7%bb%9f%e8%83%bd%e5%90%a6%e9%80%9a%e8%bf%87%e8%be%be 
China Economy: The scenery here "shrinks alone" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-10T14:49:00Z
Description: The Chinese economy is currently facing a new challenge, which is increasingly serious about shrinking pressure. This has formed a sharp contrast to many Western countries overcome stubborn high inflation efforts. How to maintain social stability while avoiding excessive economic cooling will be a major challenge facing the Chinese government.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '通货膨胀', '中国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['中国', '通货萎缩', '经济', '政府', '刺激政策', '汽车市场\u3000房地产', '生产者价格', '消费品价格', '通货膨胀']
Id: 66181261
Although various digital payment technology is developed, today Chinese consumers have lost their willingness to pay (information picture)
(Voice of Germany Chinese) In the case of confrontation with stubborn high inflation in Western countries, China is now facing concerns about shrinking Essence In June, due to weak demand, Chinese manufacturers have reduced prices and have declined to the largest in the past seven and a half years. Producers' prices fell 5.4%compared with the same period last year, the ninth consecutive month, and the largest decline since December 2015. Among them, companies in the energy, metal and chemical industries have been forced to cut prices because domestic and foreign demand is weakening.
At the same time, China's consumer goods prices have also stopped rising for the first time in the past two and a half years. In June this year, consumer prices remained stable as the same period last year. In May, consumer prices still increased slightly. Economists have expected that this growth will continue, but this is not the case. One possible reason for slowing consumer price growth is the slow growth of demand. This change allows analysts to predict that government and central banks may introduce new economic stimulus policies to boost demand.
The risk and challenge of Chinese shrinkage 
The approach to reduce prices in China's manufacturing industry reflects the weakness of domestic and foreign demand. As the Chinese economy resumed stagnation after the epidemic, and the western central bank's interest rate hikes suppressed consumer spending, the Chinese economy faced a double blow. If prices generally decline, it may further weaken China's fragile confidence, causing the economy into a vicious circle of demand and falling price.
"Red Gambling Disc" author Shen Dong: In Oxford Passover Fear 
Although China has relaxed the control policy to stimulate the demand for house purchase, the momentum of recovery in the real estate market is still weakened. Shen Dong, a businessman who used to engage in real estate development business in China, said to Germany's voice: China's per capita residential ownership is the highest in the world, and about 80%of the people live in the house. Nowadays, these people have seen their wealth shrinking. In this case, "the consumer market cannot be mentioned." At the same time, he judged that the real estate industry in China "has come to an end without a rebound."
According to the data of the Financial Company Barclay, China's current economic environment is facing a "scalability environment." Tong contraction refers to the phenomenon of general decline in prices, which may trigger an economic environment of downlink spirals. Shining may cause consumer expenditure to decline, which may further drag economic growth. At the same time, if an enterprise lays out to lay off the demand for atrophy, it may cause social problems. Therefore, how to maintain social stability while avoiding excessive economic cooling will be a major challenge facing the Chinese government.
In the financial market, this concern is spreading. The exchange rate of the RMB is declining. China A shares have experienced the uncommon "four -company yin" in the past few months. Capitaleconomics economists predict that "considering weak credit demand and currency pressure, we believe that most support will come from the government's fiscal policy."
The Chinese stock market has gone down
How to make the next round of economic stimuli? 
At the same time, China's exports to the United States such as the United States have also weakened. China does not have inflation after ending the epidemic sealing and restarting the economy like most countries, but instead shows a deflation trend, which reveals some structural problems of the Chinese economy after three years of epidemic prevention and control. Including economists Shen Ling's unbalanced consumption and investment, and the imbalance in economic growth in state -owned and private Essence
The Chinese government's goal this year is to achieve an average inflation rate of 3%. However, last year, the inflation rate was only 2%due to the impact of the new crown epidemic. The economic recovery has stagnated at multiple levels. The unemployment rate has soared to more than 20%in May. The manufacturing activities have shrunk for the third consecutive month in June, and they also show weak exports to Western economies.
In addition, the automotive market as an important area for the end of China's strict epidemic control measures, boosting the economy, and showing a weak trend. According to the China Passenger Car Association(Cpca)Data released on Monday, in June this year, China's passenger cars sales fell by 2.9%year -on -year. At the same time, major independent brands and foreign brands in China are still in a state of price hot war.
In this regard, some economists have called for more measures to boost demand and reverse weak market emotions. However, so far, Chinese decision makers have not launched large -scale stimulus plans. Some reasons may be that the debt burden is worsened and the government -led investment returns decrease.
(Reuters, Wall Street Journal, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国经济：这边风景-独自通缩/a-66181261?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The new rules of the media are fake or prevent & quot; Teacher Li & quot;? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-10T15:21:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T18:13:23-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China ’s Central Cyberspace Office issued a notice on Monday, asking various social media platforms and websites to strengthen the management of“ self -media ”to prevent counterfeiting and imitation behavior Reuters data chart Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/meiti/wy2-07102023140434.html/@@stream The China Central Cyberspace Office issued a notice on Monday, asking various social media platforms and websites to strengthen the management of "self -media" and strictly prevent counterfeiting and imitation behavior. Although the authorities tighten the control of public opinion is not news, what is the purpose of this new regulation? Who will affect?
"Only Happiness"? The "Clear Action" of the Internet Information Office rectifies the self -media Technician found: WeChat or record computer logs and uploaded Henan six netizens were punished for "rumoring" for sending related wheat videos 
In recent years, the Chinese government's measures to control citizens' remarks and restrict self -media development have emerged endlessly. Netizens often lament on Twitter outside the firewall that Chinese speech space is constantly narrowing.
As soon as this new document came out, many netizens immediately felt that this had a direct relationship with the a few days ago that the website announced the offline anonymous function.
The China Central Cyberspace Office issued a notice on Monday, asking various social media platforms and websites to strengthen the management of "self -media" and strictly prevent counterfeiting and imitation behavior. (Screenshot of China Network Information Network) Just to fight fake "Ding Zhen"? 
The file stipulates that the platform platforms should strengthen registration and plan to change account information to prevent counterfeiting and counterfeiting behaviors of "self -media". This provision seems to be a common phenomenon in the current Chinese social media, that is, speaking from the media from the media, causing many disputes.
China's network technology enthusiast Kawaii thought of the fake account of many pseudonym "Ding Zhen" on the station B. He believes that this approach should be condemned, but if all real names are really realized and anonymous, it may not bring to bring it, it may not bring to bring What great benefits: "Just like the real -name system of the current telephone ten years ago, the real -name system was originally implemented to combat telephone fraud. As a result, information was leaked due to the implementation of the policy. In China Instead, phone fraud has become even more rampant. "
The regulations of the Internet Information Office also specifically emphasized that if the account information contains the names or signs or signs of the party, government and military agencies, news media, and administrative divisions, it is necessary to manually review and find that counterfeiting and counterfeiting shall not provide relevant services.
Such similar regulations seem to have known each other in China and are not new. Liu Lipeng, a former Sina Weibo content reviewer who lives in the United States, analyzed that this regulation has only further strengthened the restrictions of the past: "You can't imitate news agencies to send information about China before, but now control this diameter controlled by controlling this diameter management Even more strict, you just have the meaning of counterfeiting. "
In recent years, as the highest institution of China's Internet content management law enforcement, the Central Cyberspace Office has issued regulations one after another to restrict the content of the Internet platform, and on the other hand, it has continuously remedied the online remarks in the name of combating the news of Internet violations and named them as the "Clear Action". The latest one is the special operation of "Clear · Summer 2023 Summer of 2023 Summer" announced by the end of June. The Internet Information Office claims that the purpose of action is to comprehensively comprehensively reduce the survival space of hidden mutation of harmful information and create a network environment that is conducive to the healthy and safe growth of minors.
In the above provisions issued on Monday, the Internet Information Office also stipulates that the online platform shall require "self -media" not to gather negative information, stir -fry the old things, stir -fry the hot event, and consumer disaster accidents. Liu Lipeng believes that this regulation is confirmed with each other: "Like the regulations such as not stir -fried old news, this time may be clearer. The content is not written into the regulations. "
China Central Cyberspace Office has launched a special action of "clear and strictly rectified 'self -media' chaos" from March 12, 2023 (network screenshot)
Prevent the second "Teacher Li"? 
"Teacher Li is not your teacher" who has more than 1.1 million fans on Twitter reposted the new regulations issued by the Internet Information Office on Monday, which attracted many netizens' attention and hot discussion. He said to the analysis of this station that the latest provisions of the authorities may have a great impact: "Do not go to hot events, do not go to consumer disaster accidents. . Almost nothing can be talked about, because this framework is too big. Only if you don't talk, you can be regarded as 'not 蹭'. "
"Teacher Li is not your teacher" is currently in Italy. During the "White Paper Movement" in China at the end of last year, he forwarded the contributions of netizens from all over the country to reflect the pictures and videos of the epidemic sealing and rally. This has attracted the attention of overseas public opinion.
Although most of the "Teacher Li is your teacher" is not traditionally considered by the Chinese government's political sensitivity, but involves the daily life and reasonable demands of the Chinese people, according to his own introduction, his family in the country has also received the police from the police. Habits.Liu Lipeng analyzed that one of the intentions of the new regulations of the Internet Information Office may be to prevent the second "teacher Li" in China: "Like the prohibition of anonymous release of such regulations, it is actually to prevent the appearance of the wall from the wall. 'This account. It is to accept contributions to netizens, and then publish it to expose some less sensitive social events. "
Liu Lipeng believes that in the past, some ordinary incidents, such as mice, such as the meals in the cafeteria of Jiangxi School, were likely to cause uproar through the Internet transmission, and now it may be restricted. Social grass -roots levels are not sensitive to the Internet, and may be strangled now. "
From the above new regulations, it can be seen that the online information office requires the online platform to strengthen the authenticity management of information, and requires that "self -media" is responsible for the authenticity of the information released by it. When the "self -media" releases information, the website platform shall display the "self -media" account name on the information release page, and shall not be replaced by anonymous users.
"Teacher Li is not your teacher" believes that this kind of regulation will constitute an obstacle to the truth of the netizen's mining incident: "We know that many events are turned on after reversal, so it requires the media to be responsible for the authenticity of the information. In fact, it is actually in fact. Just ask the media to shut up. "
Possible impact 
The above -mentioned new regulations of the Internet Information Office's information on China's self -media seem to have reached a new height. However, what the actual impact will have the new rules, it seems that there are divergent parties. Network technology enthusiast KAWAII has long been a technical consultant for network security for some websites. He believes that the new rules may not be able to get a good execution: "(network platform) workload is too large, and the platform will not hire so many reviews member."
Liu Lipeng believes that it depends on whether the government will punish some big v: "In the end, you must shut down some big accounts or catch people, maybe it may have some impact on the network. Like this There are several seasons that can be produced in a quarter, so it is unclear what impact will eventually have. "
"Teacher Li is not your teacher" analyzed that the authorities restricted to this extent for self -media, which may affect some people's livelihood: "Many people around me, including many people on the Internet I know, because of the (authorities) to crack down on teaching or training or Back to other industries, and then I have to switch to self -media, but now I want to rectify the self -media concentratedly. I think this is a sad thing. "" Teacher Li is not your teacher "said, just like it was similar to before The incident processing method is the same. Netizens believe that the authorities do so are very outrageous, but the authorities will still do so.
Reporter: Editor Wang Yun: He Ping.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/wy2-07102023140434.html 
Facts ｜ The United States acknowledged the Chinese spy balloon event & quot; I was wrong & quot;? 
Author: 作者：庄敬
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-10T19:01:05-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T19:01:05-04:00
Description: Author: Zhuang Jing
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
Tags: error 
Reading in one minute: 
Global Network, China Daily and other media have recently published articles, quoting the U.S. Department of Defense spokesman Ryde's conversation at a press conference on June 29, confirming that the Chinese unmanned airship, which was shot down four months ago, did not collect intelligence while flying over the United States. "The Pentagon has admitted that it was wrong."
However, according to the Asian facts verification of the laboratory, Ryder is accurate that the balloon has the ability to collect information, but after evaluation, it did not collect information when it flew over the United States, and the United States took measures to reduce the intelligence collection ability of balloons. However, some Chinese official media and netizens only quoted "no intelligence" and therefore claimed that the United States "acknowledged wrong", which was a false information that was disconnected.
Deep analysis: 
"Heroes Island", a subsidiary of China "People's Daily" and more than 10 million fans on Weibo, posted on June 30, with "Pentagonal Building acknowledged the mistake" The title, referring to Patrickryder, spokesman for the US Department of Defense, stated that it had confirmed that the Chinese unmanned airship, which had been shot down 4 months ago, "did not collect intelligence during the flying over the United States"; including Global Network "China Daily" Wait for the media to reprint this article.
Under the guidance of the official media, articles with similar arguments such as Sohu and NetEase have been published, saying that the United States "returned China to innocence" on the balloon incident and "admitted that it was wrong, but did not apologize to China."
The account of "Xia Ke Island", a subsidiary of "People's Daily", recently posted a post saying that the balloon incident in the US Pentagon has admitted that it was wrong. The picture is taken from the official website of "China Daily" 
The comment article published by Sohu.com said that after four months of discrediting the balloon incident in the United States, he finally admitted that he was wrong, but did not apologize. Picture from Sohu What did the US Department of Defense say? 
Earlier this year, the Chinese balloon flew over the United States. The United States suspected that the high -altitude detection balloons (or "spy balloon") used in love search, while China claimed to be a civilian balloon for meteorological research. The wreckage was tested and analyzed by the US intelligence department, and the recent preliminary investigation results were released. According to the Wall Street Journal Report on June 29](https://www.wsj.com/articles/chinese-balloon-used-american-tech-to-spy-on-americans-2e3f5039)The balloon is equipped with the US -made equipment to help collect information such as balloon photos, videos and other information, but the information was not returned to China at that time.
At a press conference on the US Department of Defense on June 29, a reporter asked a spokesman Led on the Wall Street Journal: Is there any sensitive American equipment on Chinese spy balls? How do China get these equipment? What are the functions of the device?
According to the Record released by the Ministry of Defense Ryder said the United States knew that the balloon had the ability to collect information. "Our assessment is that it did not collect (intelligence) when it passed the United States or fly over the United States. As we said at the time, we took measures to reduce the possibility of balloon collection (intelligence)."
The reporter asked again that the measures taken by the United States have hindered the collection and transmission information of balloons, or can it collect but just cannot be passed back? Ryder responded that the United States believed that it was "not collected" when it passed or flew over the United States, and was convinced that US measures would help this.
" No Intelligence" vs "No Intelligence"? The "Collect" in the above paragraph has different translation versions, Voice of America It is said that "the Pentagon claims that Chinese spy balls have not obtained information over the United States", Voice of Germany Chinese website report It is said that "the Pentagon claims that the Chinese spy balloon does not collect information." In English, the word "Collect" can represent both active action or the results of the action. In a sentence, it can indicate that a person is collecting something (action), or it can also indicate that a person has collected a certain thing (result). The voice of the United States adopts the "acquisition" that emphasizes the results when translating, and The Voice of Germany uses the "collection" that emphasizes the action, and in the original words of Ryder, there is no clear whether the Chinese balloon has a "active collection of information". The result of the "collected" intelligence of the balloon is preventive.
In the Chinese public opinion field, official media and netizens only quoted the phrase "the Chinese balloon flying over the United States during the United States", which not only omitted the front and rear articles, but also did not mention the capabilities of the balloons emphasized and the US measures emphasized by Rand.
More importantly, Ryder did not recognize "the United States wrong", which was completely information created after the context.
Asian facts investigation of the laboratory asked whether the US Department of Defense responded to the public opinion of Chinese official media and the Internet.
in conclusion: 
The article of "Xia Ke Island" omit the context of the speech of the US Department of Defense spokesman, and distort its semantics as the United States acknowledged that it is wrong; Expand the spread of false content and mislead the audience.
_ Asian factual checkup laboratory ( _ASIA FACT Check Lab__) is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about any media and social software dissemination, welcome to email __AFCL@rfa.org _ Send it to the Asian factual inspection laboratory, and we will verify and verify it for you. _ _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-07102023184903.html 
Facts ｜ The United States acknowledged the Chinese spy balloon event & quot; I was wrong & quot;? 
Author: 作者：庄敬
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-10T19:01:05-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T19:01:05-04:00
Description: Author: Zhuang Jing
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
Tags: error 
Reading in one minute: 
Global Network, China Daily and other media have recently published articles, quoting the U.S. Department of Defense spokesman Ryde's conversation at a press conference on June 29, confirming that the Chinese unmanned airship, which was shot down four months ago, did not collect intelligence while flying over the United States. "The Pentagon has admitted that it was wrong."
However, according to the Asian facts verification of the laboratory, Ryder is accurate that the balloon has the ability to collect information, but after evaluation, it did not collect information when it flew over the United States, and the United States took measures to reduce the intelligence collection ability of balloons. However, some Chinese official media and netizens only quoted "no intelligence" and therefore claimed that the United States "acknowledged wrong", which was a false information that was disconnected.
Deep analysis: 
"Heroes Island", a subsidiary of China "People's Daily" and more than 10 million fans on Weibo, posted on June 30, with "Pentagonal Building acknowledged the mistake" The title, referring to Patrickryder, spokesman for the US Department of Defense, stated that it had confirmed that the Chinese unmanned airship, which had been shot down 4 months ago, "did not collect intelligence during the flying over the United States"; including Global Network "China Daily" Wait for the media to reprint this article.
Under the guidance of the official media, articles with similar arguments such as Sohu and NetEase have been published, saying that the United States "returned China to innocence" on the balloon incident and "admitted that it was wrong, but did not apologize to China."
The account of "Xia Ke Island", a subsidiary of "People's Daily", recently posted a post saying that the balloon incident in the US Pentagon has admitted that it was wrong. The picture is taken from the official website of "China Daily" 
The comment article published by Sohu.com said that after four months of discrediting the balloon incident in the United States, he finally admitted that he was wrong, but did not apologize. Picture from Sohu What did the US Department of Defense say? 
Earlier this year, the Chinese balloon flew over the United States. The United States suspected that the high -altitude detection balloons (or "spy balloon") used in love search, while China claimed to be a civilian balloon for meteorological research. The wreckage was tested and analyzed by the US intelligence department, and the recent preliminary investigation results were released. According to the Wall Street Journal Report on June 29](https://www.wsj.com/articles/chinese-balloon-used-american-tech-to-spy-on-americans-2e3f5039)The balloon is equipped with the US -made equipment to help collect information such as balloon photos, videos and other information, but the information was not returned to China at that time.
At a press conference on the US Department of Defense on June 29, a reporter asked a spokesman Led on the Wall Street Journal: Is there any sensitive American equipment on Chinese spy balls? How do China get these equipment? What are the functions of the device?
According to the Record released by the Ministry of Defense Ryder said the United States knew that the balloon had the ability to collect information. "Our assessment is that it did not collect (intelligence) when it passed the United States or fly over the United States. As we said at the time, we took measures to reduce the possibility of balloon collection (intelligence)."
The reporter asked again that the measures taken by the United States have hindered the collection and transmission information of balloons, or can it collect but just cannot be passed back? Ryder responded that the United States believed that it was "not collected" when it passed or flew over the United States, and was convinced that US measures would help this.
" No Intelligence" vs "No Intelligence"? The "Collect" in the above paragraph has different translation versions, Voice of America It is said that "the Pentagon claims that Chinese spy balls have not obtained information over the United States", Voice of Germany Chinese website report It is said that "the Pentagon claims that the Chinese spy balloon does not collect information." In English, the word "Collect" can represent both active action or the results of the action. In a sentence, it can indicate that a person is collecting something (action), or it can also indicate that a person has collected a certain thing (result). The voice of the United States adopts the "acquisition" that emphasizes the results when translating, and The Voice of Germany uses the "collection" that emphasizes the action, and in the original words of Ryder, there is no clear whether the Chinese balloon has a "active collection of information". The result of the "collected" intelligence of the balloon is preventive.
In the Chinese public opinion field, official media and netizens only quoted the phrase "the Chinese balloon flying over the United States during the United States", which not only omitted the front and rear articles, but also did not mention the capabilities of the balloons emphasized and the US measures emphasized by Rand.
More importantly, Ryder did not recognize "the United States wrong", which was completely information created after the context.
Asian facts investigation of the laboratory asked whether the US Department of Defense responded to the public opinion of Chinese official media and the Internet.
in conclusion: 
The article of "Xia Ke Island" omit the context of the speech of the US Department of Defense spokesman, and distort its semantics as the United States acknowledged that it is wrong; Expand the spread of false content and mislead the audience.
_ Asian factual checkup laboratory ( _ASIA FACT Check Lab__) is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about any media and social software dissemination, welcome to email __AFCL@rfa.org _ Send it to the Asian factual inspection laboratory, and we will verify and verify it for you. _ _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-07102023184903.html 
The Central Bank of Russia's sanctions into the front car has transported gold reserves back to China (Free Version) 
Authors: ['尼尔•阿利姆', '哈里•邓普西']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-10T23:58:00+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T19:53:99+08:00
Description: The survey showed that central banks from various countries purchased the record -recorded physical gold in 2022 and the first quarter of this year, and decided to put gold in the country to avoid sanctions like Russia.
Images: [" 000142457_pic... "]
Themes: ['黄金', '关注']
Keywords: ['黄金', '中央银行', '基金管理', '贵金属', '自然资源']
Type: Article
 More and more countries are transporting golden reserves back to China, so as not to be sanctioned by Western foreign assets like Russia, while increasing the purchase of this precious metal to hedge the inflation.
Asset Management Company Jingshun(Invesco)A survey of sovereign investors shows that central banks of various countries purchased a recorded gold in 2022 and the first quarter of this year, in order to find a shelter in the context of high inflation and bond price fluctuations. China and Türkiye have added nearly one -fifth to these purchases.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100208 
It is said that the chief financial officer of Uber will leave but has not decided the exact date 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T-13:32:06+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:05:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, San Francisco, 10th) Reuters quoted Bloomberg today, saying that the person familiar with the matter, Nel Technologies, the person familiar with the matter, Nel Technology. Cai (Nelson ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to reports, Nelson. Cai has told Uber CEO Darakhosrowshahi he intends to leave, but has not decided to exact the date. Uber did not immediately comment on the matter according to Reuters.
Uber's stock price, which has closed slightly today, fell about 1%after the trading.
Nielsen. Cai became the chief financial officer of Uber in 2018. After one year, the company led the company to complete the first public offering (IPO).
He was responsible for supervising billions of dollars in transactions, including 2020 Uber acquired POSTMATES for dining service delivery services for $ 2.65 billion (approximately NT $ 78 billion), and the next year he bought a logistics company TranSplace for $ 2.25 billion.
Before entering Uber, Nelson. Cai has held senior positions on New York Stock Exchange, Merrill Lynch, and Citgroup.
Although the COVID-19 (2019 coronary virus disease) epidemic prevention measures are loosened and the flow of commuting has stabilized, and Uber's business has grown, the company is still cutting costs. Uber said in May that the company is expected to make a profit this year.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E4%BC%A0uber%E8%B4%A2%E5%8A%A1%E9%95%BF%E5%B0%86%E7%A6%BB%E8%81%8C-%E4%BD%86%E5%B0%9A%E6%9C%AA%E5%86%B3%E5%AE%9A%E7%A1%AE%E5%88%87%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%9F 
It is said that the chief financial officer of Uber will leave but has not decided the exact date 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T-13:32:06+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:05:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, San Francisco, 10th) Reuters quoted Bloomberg today, saying that the person familiar with the matter, Nel Technologies, the person familiar with the matter, Nel Technology. Cai (Nelson ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to reports, Nelson. Cai has told Uber CEO Darakhosrowshahi he intends to leave, but has not decided to exact the date. Uber did not immediately comment on the matter according to Reuters.
Uber's stock price, which has closed slightly today, fell about 1%after the trading.
Nielsen. Cai became the chief financial officer of Uber in 2018. After one year, the company led the company to complete the first public offering (IPO).
He was responsible for supervising billions of dollars in transactions, including 2020 Uber acquired POSTMATES for dining service delivery services for $ 2.65 billion (approximately NT $ 78 billion), and the next year he bought a logistics company TranSplace for $ 2.25 billion.
Before entering Uber, Nelson. Cai has held senior positions on New York Stock Exchange, Merrill Lynch, and Citgroup.
Although the COVID-19 (2019 coronary virus disease) epidemic prevention measures are loosened and the flow of commuting has stabilized, and Uber's business has grown, the company is still cutting costs. Uber said in May that the company is expected to make a profit this year.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E4%BC%A0uber%E8%B4%A2%E5%8A%A1%E9%95%BF%E5%B0%86%E7%A6%BB%E8%81%8C-%E4%BD%86%E5%B0%9A%E6%9C%AA%E5%86%B3%E5%AE%9A%E7%A1%AE%E5%88%87%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%9F 
NBA Draft Championship Wenbaniama shuts down and no longer play the Summer League for the Spurs 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T-16:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:35:03+00:00
Description: (AFP, Las Vegas, 10th) The US professional Basketball NBA this year's draft champion Victor Wembanyama will shut down and no longer play the Summer League for San Antonio.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The decision to let Win Banya "shut down" by the Spurs is not surprising. The 19 -year -old French center with a tall 224 cm tall stated that he expected that he should not play more than two games in the summer league.
The next battle of the Spurs will play against the Washington Witcher on the 11th.
Win Banya was busy in a busy year, was shocked in the French league, and then prepared the NBA draft, and then appeared in the summer league. He was finally breathing a little now.
After Wen Banya put on the assassin, the first show in the Summer League performed endlessly. The entire game of 13 shots was only 2, and only 9 points were scored. The maximum of 27 points in the team, and grabbed up to 12 rebounds in the audience, showing the level level.
Wen Banya said late yesterday that he was looking forward to the next vacation and will also prepare for the NBA routine competition that will start in October.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230711-nba%E9%80%89%E7%A7%80%E7%8A%B6%E5%85%83%E6%B8%A9%E7%8F%AD%E4%BA%9A%E9%A9%AC%E5%85%B3%E6%9C%BA-%E4%B8%8D%E5%86%8D%E6%9B%BF%E9%A9%AC%E5%88%BA%E6%89%93%E5%A4%8F%E5%AD%A3%E8%81%94%E8%B5%9B 
Vietnamese Australian objections were released for the release of terrorism in Vietnam for nearly 4 years. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T-18:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 11th) The party appointed lawyers today said that in 2019, Kang Chaowen, a Vietnamese Australian dismissal person who was accused of terrorism in Vietnam in 2019, has now been released, and has returned to Sydney to gather with his family.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 During the Yuyue War, he opposed the Communist Party's Chau Van Kham (transliteration) and was arrested while traveling to Vietnam in a "search for truth". In November 2019, it was sentenced to 12 years in prison by the Vietnamese authorities.
Kang Chaowen's appointed lawyer Dan Phuongngnguyen (transliteration) pointed out in a statement sent to Agence France -Presse: "We share this good news, Kang Chaowen's physical health, he has returned to his family today."
Ruan Danfang said that Kang Chaowen has reunited with his wife and two children in Australia. He thanked the Australian government and care about his manpower.
Kang Chaowen is 74 years old. He is sentenced to a retired bread master because he has different political opinions and involved "terrorism against the people's government".
His lawyer told AFP in Hanoi at the time that Kang Chaowen was arrested in human rights research in Vietnam, meeting with sportsmen, and contacting civic social organizations.
The Australian government thanked Vietnam for its release of Kang Chaowen and said that the Australian side learned about this decision in the evening.
Agence France -Presse reported that Kang Chaowen has been a member of the Anti -Government Owners of Viet Tan since 2010.
The Hanoi government listed the Vietnam New Party as a terrorist organization in 2016 on the grounds of "inciting violence". Since then, the Vietnam New Party has been responsible for the operation by most members overseas. (Translator: Ji Jinling)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E8%B6%8A%E8%A3%94%E6%BE%B3%E7%B1%8D%E5%BC%82%E8%AE%AE%E7%94%B7%E8%A2%AB%E6%8E%A7%E6%81%90%E6%80%96%E4%B8%BB%E4%B9%89-%E8%B6%8A%E5%8D%97%E5%9D%90%E7%89%A2%E8%BF%914%E5%B9%B4%E5%90%8E%E8%8E%B7%E9%87%8A 
Hungarian Foreign Minister: Approval in Sweden to join NATO is just a technical problem 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T-2:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T11:50:03+00:00
Description: (France -France -France -France -France -France -France -France -France -A) After the Sweden agreed to join the North Atlantic Convention (NATO), Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said today that Hungary has approved the Nordic country to join the NATO. Now "it is just a technical issue" Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Turkey agreed to join NATO yesterday to show a unity and paving the way for the summit of the NATO allies today. The focus of this summit held in Lithuania was to support Ukraine against Russia's invasion.
Hungary and Turkey are the last two countries that have not yet approved Sweden to join the alliance in NATO.
Sialto issued a statement on Facebook saying, "Completing the approval procedure is just a technical problem."
The Hungarian Parliament ended the summer special meeting on the 7th, but in the next few days, a new meeting may be held to vote on this matter.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E5%8C%88%E7%89%99%E5%88%A9%E5%A4%96%E9%95%BF-%E6%89%B9%E5%87%86%E7%91%9E%E5%85%B8%E5%8A%A0%E5%85%A5%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E5%A6%82%E4%BB%8A%E5%8F%AA%E6%98%AF%E6%8A%80%E6%9C%AF%E9%97%AE%E9%A2%98 
FED intends to raise capital preparation and require banking industry to rebound 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T-20:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 10th) High -level officials of the Federal Preparatory Council (FED) suggested that it will increase the capital requirements of large US banks as a part of tightening bank regulations and supervision measures.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The proposal announced by Michael Barr, vice chairman of the Fed, covers a series of extensive issues today, with a purpose of strengthening banks with total supervision of more than $ 100 billion.
Balt said at a meeting held in Washington this morning: "The threshold of $ 100 billion is compared to the current structure that will allow more banks to be limited by our most risky sensitivity capital regulations."
This regulation is currently only applicable to companies that are internationally active, or assets with more than $ 700 billion.
Chairman of the American Bankeers Association stated in a statement that the proposal to increase capital requirements may have a negative impact on the banking industry.
Balt said that his proposal was equivalent to "2 percentage points that required large banks to add additional capital."
He also announced other proposals, including formulating long -term debt requirements for all large banks.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230711-fed%E6%8B%9F%E6%8F%90%E9%AB%98%E8%B5%84%E6%9C%AC%E5%87%86%E5%A4%87%E8%A6%81%E6%B1%82-%E9%93%B6%E8%A1%8C%E4%B8%9A%E8%80%85%E5%8F%8D%E5%BC%B9 
The primary topic of the Southeast Asian National Association Foreign Minister Meeting is the Myanmar crisis 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T-9:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Jakarta, 11th) The Southern Asian National Association Foreign Minister gathered in Indonesia today and will have a two -day talks with the theme of Myanmar crisis. ASEAN, who has always been considered to be a clear talk but no realistic performance, still has a lot of disgusting in how or not to re -contact with Myanmar's military government.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 After these two days of the Southeast Asian National Association (ASEAN) Foreign Minister meeting, foreign ministers of various countries will talk to China and the United States with other powers. Arbitrarily.
ASEAN has been accused of empty talk groups that have not been actual. This time, there are still differences in resolving diplomatic efforts to resolve the Myanmar crisis.
Since the military coup has overturned Wengshan Su Ji's regime more than two years ago, Myanmar has been suffering from fatal violence, and the newly on stage has bloody suppression of disgraceful parties.
A diplomat in Southeast Asia told AFP that the ASEAN Foreign Minister's meeting was carrying out "additional efforts" a few days ago, hoping to integrate this organization on the Myanmar issue.
However, given that "a few members have different views on how to solve (Myanmar)", the official is "not very optimistic" in the prospects.
Myanmar is still a member of the ASEAN, but is banned from attending a high -level meeting because the military government fails to implement the 5 -point plan agreed 2 years ago. The plan is designed to end violence and restart negotiations to resolve crisis.
ASEAN attempts to restart the implementation plan but has no results because the military government ignores international criticism and refuses to contact the opposition.
After the ASEAN Foreign Minister's Meeting, the next step on the 13th "ASEAN Canada 3" ministerial meeting, that is, 10 ASEAN countries plus Japan, South Korea, and China; then the East AsiaSummit Foreign Minister Conference on the 14th, This will participate in 18 countries, including the United States and China.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergeilavrov is expected to attend the East Asian Summit Foreign Minister Conference. As Moscow continued to invade Ukraine in March this year, Raftrov talked with Broncolph a brief talk. This time, the two will live in a room at the Foreign Minister of the East Asian Summit.
Daniel Kritenbrink, in charge of East Asian affairs, told reporters on the 8th that Beijing's controversy in the South China Sea will become the focus of the East Asian Summit Foreign Minister Conference.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E4%B8%9C%E5%8D%97%E4%BA%9A%E5%9B%BD%E5%AE%B6%E5%8D%8F%E4%BC%9A%E5%A4%96%E9%95%BF%E4%BC%9A%E8%AE%AE-%E9%A6%96%E8%A6%81%E8%AE%AE%E9%A2%98%E7%BC%85%E7%94%B8%E5%8D%B1%E6%9C%BA 
Quit "mobile phone addiction", you need this little skill (free version) 
Author: Emily Holland
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T00:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T00:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-10T23:04:00.000Z
Description: New studies have found that compared with applications to limit use time, the effect of changing the phone into a black and white screen is better.
Images: []
Categories: ['派', '生活']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Want to reduce the screen time, is there any good way? A new study provides some suggestions.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%88%92%E6%8E%89-%E6%89%8B%E6%9C%BA%E7%98%BE-%E4%BD%A0%E9%9C%80%E8%A6%81%E8%BF%99%E4%B8%AA%E5%B0%8F%E6%8A%80%E5%B7%A7-4d6067be 
During the visit of Britain, Bayeng described the British -American relations "Free Version" 
Authors: ['乔治•帕克']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T00:38:55+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T20:36:99+08:00
Description: In the context of Britain's reservation of the U.S. -U.S. consecration of ammunition holdings to Ukraine, leaders of the two countries emphasized the common determination of continuing to help Ukraine to resist Russia.
Images: [" 000187121_pic... "]
Themes: ['美国外交政策', '关注']
Keywords: ['美国外交政策', '拜登', '里希·苏纳克', '英国的外交政策', '英国政治与政策', '美国政治与政策', '北约']
Type: Article
 Joe Bayeng(Joe bids)Monday on Monday and Rich Sunak on Tangning Street(Rishisunak)During the talks, the British and American relations were described as "firm as a rock", although the two sides were in NATO this week(NATO)There were some differences before the summit.
The US President provided the decision of the ammunition to Kiev, which contrary to Britain's opposition to the use of cluster ammunition. Tangning Street 10 claims that British Prime Minister has "dissuaded" the deployment of clustering ammunition during the London talks.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100209 
Secretary of the Shanghai Jing'an District Party Committee visited Free Version 
Author: Elaine Yu
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T00:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T00:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-10T22:16:00.000Z
Description: Global Consulting Corporation Bain said that Yu Yong, the secretary of the Shanghai Jing'an District Committee, visited the company's office in Shanghai. After a series of assault inspections and arrests, the move seemed to alleviate the concerns of foreign companies in China.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001041633
Type: Article
Global Consulting Company Bain(Bain)It is said that Yu Yong, the secretary of the Jing'an District Party Committee of Shanghai, visited the company's office in Shanghai. After a series of assault inspections and arrests occur, the move seems to be to alleviate concerns about foreign companies in China 。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%8A%E6%B5%B7%E5%B8%82%E9%9D%99%E5%AE%89%E5%8C%BA%E5%A7%94%E4%B9%A6%E8%AE%B0%E5%88%B0%E8%B4%9D%E6%81%A9%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8%E8%B5%B0%E8%AE%BF%E8%B0%83%E7%A0%94-99697adb 
Gu Chaoming's great decline: strong explanation, wrong prescription 
Authors: ['徐瑾']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T01:36:31+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T18:00:99+08:00
Description: Xu Jin: Japanese economist Gu Chaoming began to be popular in China. What are the mysteries of his theory, what inspiration to us understand Japan's past or solve the current problem of China? Want to stimulate or reform?
Images: [" 000187089_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['徐瑾经济人', '辜朝明', '日本', '中国经济', '金融危机', '大衰退', '资产负债表衰退']
Type: Article
 After many years of loneliness, Japanese economist Gu Chaoming's theory has become popular in China, and even shows signs of fire.
What is the mystery of his theory, what inspire us to understand Japan's past or more importantly -to solve the current problem of China?
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100199 
Xia Baolong chaired the meeting as the director of the Hong Kong and Macau Office of the Communist Party of China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T01:40:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T09:03:35-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Take from the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China
The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China was officially established and a meeting was held on July 11. Xia Baolong presided over the meeting and speech as the director. Zhou Yan, deputy secretary of the Henan Provincial Party Committee, who has been working in the local area, serves as the executive deputy director. The Hong Kong and Macao Office of the State Council showed that Xia Baolong appeared in the column of the leaders of the Hong Kong and Macau Office. Prior to this, Xia Baolong was the director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office of the State Council and secretary of the party group.
During the two sessions of this year, it was rumored that the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China has been established, but the official has not been announced until Saturday (July 8th) Yang Wanming attended the Pan -Pearl River Delta held in Guiyang as the deputy director of the Central Hong Kong and Macao Office. Causes attention from all walks of life.
According to the photos released by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China Hong Kong and Macao Work Office, in addition to Xia Baolong and Zhou Yan, the members of the office also have 6 other members, including Zheng Yanxiong, Zheng Xincong, Yang Wanming, Wang Linggui and other Hong Kong and Macau Office of the State Council, and the central government Shi Kehui, the leader of the Discipline Inspection and Supervision Team of the Central Hong Kong and Macau Work Office, and Xiang Bin, a member of the Central Hong Kong and Macau Work Office.
Reporter Chen Zifei Edited Chen Meihua
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/cmh1-07112023013930.html 
Putin met with the FREE VERSION with Pleigo in a few days at an attempted rebellion. 
Authors: ['柯特妮•韦弗']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T01:56:24+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T21:53:99+08:00
Description: Russian President invited Wagner leaders and commanders of his men to the Kremlin, indicating that Moscow may not punish the "traitor."
Images: [" 000187127_pic... "]
Themes: ['俄罗斯政治', '关注']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯政治', '叶夫根尼•普里戈任', '普京', '新兴市场']
Type: Article
 The Kremlin revealed on Monday that Russian President Vladimir Putin(Vladimir Putin)A few days after the attempted rebellion met, Yafogeni Porigo(Evgeno -Opigin)And other Wagner(Wagner)commander.
Russian President's spokesman Dmitry Peskov(Dmitry Peskov)He said that on June 29, Putin invited at least 35 people -including Poligon and the camp commander of the private military group, to the Kremlin. The meeting lasted for nearly three hours.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100210 
The new version of the Cross -Celestial Data Sharing Agreement Effective (Free Version) 
Authors: ['哈维尔•埃斯皮诺萨']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T02:04:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T22:01:99+08:00
Description: The European Commission said that a recent administrative order issued by President Biden Biden stipulated new obligations to data transmission between the United States and Europe, thereby providing sufficient privacy protection for European citizens.
Images: [" 000187128_pic... "]
Themes: ['数据', '关注']
Keywords: ['数据', '欧洲', '美国', '隐私']
Type: Article
 The European Union said that a new Cross -Celestial Data Sharing Agreement will take effect on Monday, which aims to allow thousands of companies to reassure personal information between Europe and the United States, although related measures are facing legal challenges.
European Commission(European Commission)Said, U.S. President Joe Bayeng(Joe Biden)A recently issued administrative order stipulates new obligations to data transmission between the two places, thereby providing sufficient privacy protection for European citizens.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100211 
His accused as the director of the Chinese agent's American Think Tank: Politics targeted 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T02:18:00Z
Description: A think tank director in the United States was charged with the "Chinese agent" and was suspected of illegally promoting weapons, oil transactions, and influenced the policy of US President Trump. The suspect denied the accusation and claimed to be treated with politics. Prosecutors pointed out that the suspect had absconded.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['专题报道：习近平访美', '南希·佩洛西']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '外国代理人', '引渡']
Id: 66184076
A think tank director in the United States was charged as an unregistered Chinese agent (schematic diagram).
(Voice of Germany Chinese) U.S. Federal Prosecutor said on Monday (July 10) that a think tank director was accused of illegal Chinese agent Essence According to Reuters, the defendant named Galluft, who has dual nationality in the United States and Israel, was suspected of recruiting a former US government official in 2016 without registering as a foreign agent in accordance with the law. Pay the other party's remuneration.
The report quoted the prosecutor's statement, saying that the previous official was the consultant of the US President Donald Trump at the time, and Lavter was charged to make the consultant support [policy that is beneficial to China] policy to China And drafted related comments in the name of the consultant and published it in newspapers in China.
The U.S. Department of Justice pointed out that Lavter was suspected of violating the US "Weapon Export Control Law". Without holding relevant licenses, it promoted Chinese companies to sell bombs, grenade launchers and other weapons to Libya, UAE, and Kenya. Arrange the Iranian government to meet with a Chinese energy company to discuss oil transactions, which violates the US sanctions on Iran.
Damianwilliams, a federal prosecutor in New York, stated in a statement that Lavt "participated in a number of serious criminal plans" and "sprinkled a lot of lies to law enforcement agencies." According to the press release of the Public Affairs Office of the US Department of Justice, Lavter was charged with 8 charges, and the sentences of various charges were different. Among them, the highest one could be sentenced to 20 years in prison.
Australian scholar: Foreign agent law should not target specific countries 
It is reported that Lavter is the joint director of the Global Security Analysis Research Institute (IAGS), which describes himself as a think tank headquarters in Washington, DC, focusing on research on global energy, security and economic trends. DW reporters tried to check and found that the institute cooperated closely with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and other institutions. There were many photos of joint seminar and forum with Chinese energy -related groups on the webpage, as well as the images interviewed by Chinese official media CCTV.
Neither the think tank nor Raft responded to Reuters' comment requests immediately, and the White House did not respond to the "Independence" review request. According to external analysis, when US Treasury Secretary Janetyellen visited China a few days ago and wanted to establish a stable communication channel with Beijing, the incident was expected to once again trigger a Sino -US dispute.
Suspect: Politics targeted 
The prosecutor said that 57 -year -old Lavter was arrested in Cyprus for being accused by the United States in February, and fled after being released on bail during the extradition. He has not been detained by the United States. The press release of the Public Affairs Office of the US Department of Justice also solicited the whereabouts of the public to report the whereabouts of the Lafite.
A Twitter account claiming to be Raft, a Twitter account, posted in February that he was arrested in Cyprus for the extradition request made by the United States. The tweet refutes the allegations of the United States calling it "arms dealer", and said that the move was a means of "covering the mouth" by the US Department of Justice for the "cover" method that the US Department of Justice was used to protect the US President Joebiden and his family members. Essence
Since February, it has declined significantly in Rapt's Twitter's post. In the past few months, the accounts only supported information, related news and donation links. There is a confession movie in the news of the New York Post, which he called him, who claims to be "whistle" in the film because he has the evidence of Biden and his family's corruption.
Lavter said that he was arrested in Cyprus to prevent him from "the Bayeng family was suspected of receiving payment from Chinese intelligence -related personnel" and attended the Republican House Supervision Committee. He abandoned his absconding after Chen's arrest because he did not believe that he could be tried in justice in New York and claimed that he provided relevant evidence to the Federal Investigation Agency as early as March 2019, but the case never had never been Follow up.
(Reuters, the British "Independence", the Public Affairs Department of the US Department of Justice)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/被控充當中國代理人-美智庫主任：政治針對/a-66184076?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Worried about China Soonon's cooperation in Australia requested a police officer agreement 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T02:58:00Z
Description: Chinese President Xi Jinping met the Prime Minister of the Soona Islands on the afternoon of the 10th, promising to provide assistance in construction and law enforcement and signed an agreement. The move attracted the worries of neighboring countries. The Australian Ministry of Foreign Affairs called on the two countries to immediately announce the police agreement to disclose its intention to Australia and the region.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['澳大利亚', '奥巴马', '薄熙来', '专题报道：习近平访美', '中国共产党', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团', '美国', '毛泽东']
Keywords: ['所罗门群岛', '中所协议', '太平洋岛国', '美国', '澳大利亚', '习近平']
Id: 66184075
Prime Minister Solomon visited China a few days ago and met Chinese President Xi Jinping on the afternoon of the 10th. The two sides stated that they would jointly create a "comprehensive strategic partnership."
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare Visit China again in about 4 years He attended the opening ceremony of the Solomon Islands in Beijing on Tuesday, and met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the front page of the People's Daily. He emphasized in an interview and report published by the Chinese official media Xinhua News Agency on July 11: "I need to show it very clearly that we are a sovereign country. Who do we establish diplomatic relations with who we have, and who we have cooperated with technical cooperation and development cooperation. People can interfere. "
On Monday (July 10) Sogovre met Xi Jinping, Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing. In 2019, the Solomon Islands broke diplomatic relations with Taiwan and established diplomatic relations with China; Xi Jinping reiterated that this move "in line with the international general trend" and described the relationship with Solomon to "follow the upward" to establish a model of "united work in different sizes and developing countries and develop together. "".
Create "Comprehensive Strategic Partnership" 
According to a press release issued by the China Official Media Xinhua News Agency on the 10th, Xi Jinping said that Soromon said that "a trustworthy friend who is trustworthy and good brothers that can be rely on" promised that China will continue to provide "economic and technological assistance that does not add political conditions" to Solomon to Solomon Islands. He also mentioned China's Pacific Island country policy, emphasizing "full respect" of local sovereign independence and willingness, and "co -opposes the Cold War thinking and hegemonism, and maintains peace and stability in the Asia -Pacific region."
The two parties jointly stated that they jointly build a "comprehensive strategic partnership relationship" and strengthen cooperation in various fields in the "Belt and Road" initiative. The two countries have also signed a civil aviation transportation agreement to open direct flights as soon as possible. In addition, China will assist Solomon to improve police law enforcement capabilities and "strengthen the cope with climate change South -South cooperation."
According to Reuters, China has long supported the so -called "South -South Cooperation", and advocates that there should be mutually beneficial and equal cooperative relationships between the development of countries.
The joint statement also mentioned the "Treaty of Non -diffused Nuclear Weapons" and the "Nang Pacific Nuclear Nuclear Zone Treaty", "calling for relevant countries to fulfill international obligations and carefully handle issues such as nuclear pollution water and water submarine cooperation." Reuters pointed out that this passage refers to Japan will emit nuclear waste water What happened, and AUKUS Nuclear Submarine Agreement Essence
On the 10th, Sogvar also met Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang. According to a press release on the 11th of the Solomon government, Sogovre promised Li Qiang that "under geopolitical pressure, the Solomon Islands respect a Chinese policy and will continue to learn from a Chinese principle to promote greater growth and development." Essence He said that Solomon attaches great importance to the cooperation between the two countries and thank China for its assistance.
Soromon Islands Prime Minister Sogovre told Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang on the 10th that Solomon learned a lot from China's development experience. He claimed that Solomon would not choose a side station between the United States and China, but used its domestic infrastructure development as the primary.
Sogovre will stay in China until the 15th, and the next trip includes the opening of the Solomon Embassy in Beijing and visiting Jiangsu and Guangdong.
In Solomon, the country's opposition leader Matthewwale called for the agreement to keep the agreement transparent, including police cooperation and improving relations between the two countries. Wal said: "Some government ministers do not know the cooperation," and these agreements also "threatened our national security, and the relationship between us with other bilateral and security partners around us was embarrassed."
U.S. and its allies responses 
Regarding China and Solomon's announcement of strengthening police cooperation, Australia called for the details of the cooperation plan for the two countries. Australian Foreign Minister Huang Yingxian said in a statement: "The Solomon Islands and China should immediately announce the agreement to disclose their intentions to Australia and the region, so that the Pacific countries can consider the impact of our common safety together."
The statement from Australian Foreign Minister also pointed out: "We are worried that the development of this situation will lead to further regional competition."
In response to the Sagara visit, Reuters quoted a spokesman for the National Security Council that the United States "respects the sovereignty decisions of the country's ability to make sovereignty for the best interests of the country." Understand how he signed the agreement will impact regional security. The spokesman also said that the United States is committed to consolidating the relationship with the people of the Solomon Islands.
The Associated Press pointed out that on the occasion of deepening the relationship with Solomon leaders, the United States and Australia have a deep influence on China's influence in the South Pacific.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/制衡中國-莫迪布林肯造訪太平洋島國/a-65695643)Essence In February of this year, the United States announced the restart of the US Embassy in the Sooton Islands 。
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
US military can enter more Philippine military bases 
The US Secretary of Defense Austin announced an agreement with the Philippines that enabled the United States to enter the Philippines' other four military bases. In this way, the U.S. army can keep an eye on two key locations: the disputed area of the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. According to officials, about 500 U.S. soldiers are duty every day in the Philippines, and the country allows U.S. forces to stay in the designated Philippine barracks.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
U.S. Defense: Strengthen the alliance to deal with China's illegal claims 
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula 
US Defense Minister Austin also announced in Seoul that advanced military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula, including fighter jets and aircraft carriers, to promote joint training and planning. He and South Korean Defense Minister Li Zhongzheng reached an agreement on expanding the United States and South Korea ’s joint military exercises, and also discussed the preparations for simulation exercises in February. North Korea fired dozens of missiles in 2022, including missiles that may have nuclear capabilities, aiming to combat South Korea and the United States. The United States therefore resumed large -scale military exercises last year to strengthen the deterrent of Pyongyang. North Korea officially stated that it was ready to fight against US military operations with "the most overwhelming nuclear force".
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Adjust the US military garrison in Okinawa Island 
In January 2023, the United States and Japan agreed to adjust the United States' garrison in Okinawa. Some of the reason for strengthening anti -ship capabilities and preparing for China invading Taiwan or other hostile behaviors in the South China Sea or the East China Sea in China. Japan is the place where the United States has the most places outside the country, including about 18,000 U.S. Marine War members, and most of them are stationed in the main base of Okinawa. Although Japan and Taiwan do not have formal diplomatic relations, they have close and informal relationships and have common concerns about China's continuous enhanced military activities.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Restarting in the Solomon Islands Embassy 
The United States has restored the US Embassy in the Solomon Islands that has closed since 1993. U.S. Secretary of U.S. Sublinger claims that this is a commitment to partnerships in the Indo -Pacific region. In April last year, the secret security agreement signed with China and China caused concerns about Western powers, that is, the Soonia Islands may provide a foothold for China in the Pacific region. The State Department of the United States stated that the embassy that reopening there is a priority against China's increased influence in the region.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Selling weapons to Taiwan 
The United States has no formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan, but it is the main military supporter of Taiwan. For decades, Washington has sold "defensive" weapons to Taiwan based on the "Relations with Taiwan". After August last August, after the Speaker of the House of Representatives in the United States House, Plogsi visited Taiwan, the Chinese PLA launched the largest real -scale military exercise in the surrounding waters around Taiwan for decades. Then in September, the Bayeng government announced the 6th degree of Taiwan military sales case worth 1.16 billion US dollars. The US Ginseng Institute also passed the "National Defense Authorization Act" at the end of last year. The law plans to send US government officials to Taiwan to strengthen the bilateral cooperation of the United States and Taiwan.
The Solomon Islands is about 2,000 kilometers from Australia, and it has become China ’s expansion forces here The most successful example. Last April, China announced the signing of a security agreement with Solomon ; Outside worried that China might build a naval base in the country, but Solomon has repeatedly denied it.
About one week before Sogovre's visit to China, Australia's Minister of Defense Richardmarles came to the Solomon Islands. The Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) pointed out on June 29 that Mars is promoting the Australian troops and police forces to continue to deploy in Solomon, saying that its military and police can assist Solomon's maintenance work next year. Earlier, the Solomon administration stated that it was re -examined with Australia's maintenance of defense agreements, while the Chinese police were expanding police training cooperation projects with Solomon.
Australia is the biggest assistant country of the Solomon Islands; Sogovre told AFP before the visit to the AFP that reviewing the defense agreement does not mean reducing the level of relations with Australia, and Solomon still hopes strengthening the relationship between the two countries 。
The picture shows the port of Honella, the capital of the Solomon Islands. Chinese enterprises and governments have invested in a number of construction cases in the local area, including the re -development case of the Harbor of Honiala, and a gymnasium construction case. (Data photo)
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/擔憂中國索羅門合作-澳要求公佈警務協議/a-66184075?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The era of Western car companies leading the Chinese market (Free Version) 
Author: Yoko Kubota / Selina Cheng
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T03:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T03:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T01:46:00.000Z
Description: In the context of the Chinese government industry policy began to work, due to the leading advantages of local automobile manufacturers in the field of electric vehicles, foreign brands' share in the Chinese market is being eaten by Chinese competitors.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001041926
Type: Article
The sales of Chinese local passenger car brands are continuing to surpass Western competitors, which marks the influence of Chinese electric vehicle manufacturers increasingly enhanced It is also the victory of the Chinese government's industrial policy.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%A5%BF%E6%96%B9%E8%BD%A6%E4%BC%81%E4%B8%BB%E5%AF%BC%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E7%9A%84%E6%97%B6%E4%BB%A3%E8%90%BD%E4%B8%8B%E5%B8%B7%E5%B9%95-12e8b7b3 
"Global Dialogue" No. 13: Dialogue with Swedish European Parliament, FREE Version 
Authors: ['宋欣', '周掌柜']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T03:37:27+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-09T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-09T12:21:99+08:00
Description: Walberne said that from the perspective of Europe, we have faced huge challenges in the past decade or even two decades. The economic development performance of Europe is actually worse than other parts of the world. We must change this.
Images: [" 000168250_pic... "]
Themes: ['欧盟', '关注']
Keywords: ['欧盟', '中欧关系', '美欧关系', '贸易', 'WTO', '保护主义']
Type: Article
 When it comes to Sino -European relations, the first country in most people's minds is usually France or Germany, or Britain and Italy. Few people think of the Nordic countries, and few people think of Sweden directly. Sino -Swiss relations seem to be an extremely rare topic. If we look back at history, we will find that Sweden in 1950 was the second Western country that established diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China after the United Kingdom, 14 years earlier than France, which has established diplomatic relations with China in 1964.
Many people may strange the Swedes in that environment at that time to break through various ideological constraints and build diplomatic relations with China? In fact, a large part of the reason is that the essence of Swedish culture is actually the pragmatism of the merchants. This kind of recreational pragmatism can be traced back to the Hansha Alliance with the Rubak as the core of northern Germany in the 12th century. The strong business culture is inherently born to be a supporter of trade liberalism.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100187 
After the Hong Kong National Security Law issued a wanted order, the Hong Kong Guoan Police took Luo Guancong to ask for a question in Hong Kong 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T03:51:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T14:27:00-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Luo Guancong Associated Press, a former member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council, picture
The Hong Kong National Security Police announced a high -profile last week to violate the "Hong Kong National Security Law". After eight overseas Hong Kong people including Luo Guancong, a number of Hong Kong media quoted the news on Tuesday (July 11), saying that the Guoan Department took Luo Guancong away from Luo Guancong in the National Security Department. Hong Kong's parents and elder brothers questioned and did not arrest for the time being.
"Oriental Daily" quoted the reader's news, saying that at 6 am on Monday, a group of plainclothes agents filmed and investigated in two units in Tung Chung House Village for several hours. One of them was Luo Guancong's old residence. His mother and brother were still in In this residence, another unit is his father.
After leaving Hong Kong in 2020, Luo Guancong posted on a social platform and officially cut off the relationship with his loved ones. He no longer contact them after leaving Hong Kong. , Didn't contact anyone.
Reporter Chen Zifei edited Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/st-07112023035120.html 
Interview with Sir Alexander Alexander Alexander: "Free Version is very urgent to deal with climate crisis" 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T03:56:42+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-10T23:45:99+08:00
Description: Danny Alexander said that the multilateral cooperation mechanism is the best way to achieve common goals, and countries must cooperate to jointly solve the problem of climate change.
Images: [" 000187135_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '亚投行', '关注']
Keywords: ['亚投行', '气候变化', '中英关系', '越陌度阡']
Type: Article
Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
On July 5th, the British Think Tank Paddy Ashdown Forum (Padi Ash Ashidang) held a "Global Dialogue". The first interviewed guest was the former chief secretary of the British Ministry of Finance. Sir Dannyalexander. The AIIB is a controversial agency in the UK. I heard rumors several times that "the AIIB is serving the 'Belt and Road'." Not long ago, Canada suspended its contact with the AIIB because the bank's global communication director and a Canadian said that the bank was "led by the Communist Party" and resigned. Therefore, I have a high curiosity about the Asian Investment Bank and the former British politician Alexander Alexander who served the AIIB. Bypassing the AIIB, the founder of the British Liberal Democratic Party, Merleneemerson (Du Shuzhen) directly invited my interview to Sir Alexander, and quickly received consent. 45 minutes before the beginning of the "Global Dialogue" of Padi Ash, I interviewed him.
 Du Shuzhen (first from left) delivered a speech in the first "global dialogue" in the Padi Ash as the forum. The first one was the Alexander Sir.
Question: You return to Europe this time to participate in the new Global Financing Contract Summit held in Paris. What information do you get?
Alexander: The timing of dealing with the climate crisis is very urgent, and there is not much time.
** Question: How are the urgent? Because the British media did not report this summit.
Alexander: This is a pity. The information I feel at the Paris Summit is: Unless we can raise the number of funds required to deal with climate crisis in the financial circle in the financial circle, especially in the financial circle, especially in developing countries (funds required), otherwise we will The goal established by the Paris Agreement (climate agreement passed at the UN Climate Summit in 2015) -strive to limit the increase in temperature to 1.5 ° C above the level before industrialization. Governments, financial institutions (such as the Asian Investment Bank) and private institutions need to do more to provide more than a trillion US dollar investment scale required for each year.
Question: When you hear the Sunak government wants to abandon Britain's leadership in climate change (because the British media recently reported that "Britain plans to abandon the promise of governance climate change for £ 11.6 billion"), how do you feel?
Alexander: I haven't heard related reports yet. But in the past few years, Britain has been a leading country for climate change. I hope that Britain can continue to lead this.
Q: What is the most important mission when you work in the AIIB?
Alexander: There are two: (1) I believe that multilateral cooperation mechanism is the best way to achieve common goals. The AIIB has set up a good goal, that is, providing financial infrastructure for the Asian economy. (2) Provide financial services for green infrastructure and climate transformation.
Question: Do you say that supporting multilateral cooperation mechanisms? Does this concept come from the Liberal Democratic Party?
Alexander: I think this is one of my personal values, which drives me to join the Liberal Democratic Party many years ago, because in British politics, the Liberal Democratic Party has always advocated InternetAlism. , So this is the way I practice internationalism.
Q: Do you have pressure on this work? Because I heard that your Canadian colleague resigned recently, the Canadian government has cut off the relationship with the AIIB. Does this affect you?
Alexander: Oh, that guy ... LOOK, he does not have the actual evidence to support him, uh, we don't need to pay too much attention to the former staff, but at the same time we are waiting for the relevant investigation report -we Welcome to the Canadian government's Review (retrospective, review), they have not cut off relationships with the AIIB, but just say that it takes time to investigate, and we fully respect their decision. The AIIB is an independent organization that pursues multilateralism. We have nothing to hide. We confident that the Canadian said is not the fact.
Q: You said that the AIIB is an independent organization, which is very interesting. Because in Western media reports, this is a Beijing -led bank.
Alexander: This statement (that is, the AIII is a bank led by Beijing).
** Question: Are there any misunderstandings about this?
Alexander: Asian Investment Bank is an independent organization, consisting of 106 member states, such as the United Kingdom, France, China, Indonesia, Canada, etc. The proposal of the establishment of the AIIB is initiated by China. The organizational structure is established according to the international treaty. There are different shares holding countries, such as the World Bank, the United Nations, or the IMF (International Monetary Fund). Make a decision, so this is not an institution owned by the government, nor is it the property of the government, it is an international institution. Just as you do n’t because the United Nations is in New York, it is said that the United Nations is a US agency, right?
Q: The governor of the AIIB is Gionee Group. Can that position be only held by the Chinese?
** Sir Alexander: President by Board OFGOvernors (Council, consisting of financial ministers of member states) elected. The regulations stipulate that this position must be held by the Asian member states, so this (who is the president) is determined by the council. Gionee group served as president twice, and both voted for elections. The first time was January 2016, and the second was 2020. He can only do up to two sessions.
Question: Why is the president's position limited to Asians?
Alexander: Because this is the Asian Investment Bank (that is, a bank with Asia as the investment target), the Asian member states have 75%of the Asian Investment Bank's equity, which is agreed by all member states after consultation, and they have received the parliament of member states. Acknowledge. Just like any international treaty, it is recognized by the member states.
Question: You just said that the Canadian government did not cancel its contact with the AIIB, but it was suspended. It seems that the news I read is wrong. This is a misunderstanding.
Alexander: There are too many misunderstandings in the world, don't worry.
Q: between Sino -British relations, in addition to the two options of black and white, there are also intermediate positions. You are the person in the middle.
Alexander: I don't understand, can you say it again?
Question: I mean -I do n’t support Britain, or China, you look like standing in the middle.
Alexander: From the perspective of the AIIB, China and the United Kingdom are important member states. They are positive for the work of the AIIB. I think both countries have done a good job. position). As for Britain's political discussion on China, I will not do specific discussions. Even if there are bilateral differences, of course, this (bilateral difference) is very obvious, but the joint cooperation of all parties is still very valuable. We face emergency climate problems, and countries must cooperate to solve this problem together, otherwise we will have a terrible consequences together. Alexander: ** No. The British government Fully Engaged (full investment) cooperation with the AIIB.
Q: This is very interesting. Britain has two paths in political and economic relationships with China.
Alexander: Yes, but Britain follows bilateral international relations, and Britain has a high reputation in practice and bilateral relations. This is a good thing for the AIIB.
Q: When you enter the AIIB, Sino -British relations are still in the golden age. Do you feel any pressure in the current environment?
Alexander: In my personal, no. For the AIIB, of course. Stress is in all aspects. But it mainly comes from how to achieve our goals, not geopolitics. My personal pressure is: how to make the AIIB influence and how to make investment support our global goals, such as the Paris Agreement, which is the pressure that consumes time to think, not the questions you ask.
Q: This is why I always want to chat with you, because you seem to live in another world (compared with the British media environment). You don't have the kind of anxiety in our imagination, you look very comfortable. There must be misunderstandings -when someone thinks that you should resign, you actually enjoy your work, with a sense of mission of climate change, you have been moving forward. However, how do you deal with in the era of "de -globalization"? Because it is no longer as smooth as you expect.
Alexander: You are right. In many ways, global cooperation is no longer as strong as before. The AIIB is the Developmentbank (Development Bank, which provides risk -based financial institutions for economic development projects on non -commercial basis). The role is to use capital invested by governments to support projects, especially to support middle -income countries in Asia. This job is difficult, but it is very important.
Question: Do you think the AIIB is indeed operated in accordance with market rules. No political factors are involved?
Alexander: We are similar to other banks that implement multilateral cooperation mechanisms, such as World Bank and Asian Development Bank. We are not commercial banks, not a bank like Goldman Sachs or HSBC. We are owned by members/governments, the government is endorsed by the council, and the direction of the organization is guided. Compared with the same type of banks, our Well-Run, Well-Govern is a high-quality system, which has a positive impact on the financial projects we support.
Q: Maybe it is a stereotype, but I have always heard that the AIIB supports the “Belt and Road”?
Alexander: This is also a mistake.
Question: Why are so many similar reports?
Alexander: You are going to ask reporters. I can only answer the truth I know. The AIIB has its own strategy and direction. We decide the investment direction based on our own goals, and the investment strategy is agreed by all member states. Member states will also apply for projects, such as India. India is the largest BORROROER (borrowing country) in the AIIB. When choosing a project, we will investigate the financial health of the project. Whether it can monitor social issues safely, we will also look at anti -corruption status, debt repayment ability, and so on.
Q: The purpose of the bank is to be profitable. Do you have profit?
Alexander: The purpose of Asian Investment Bank is to support development, not for profit.
Question: But you can't let the member states lose money?
Alexander: No no. We are indeed profitable, but the profit will be put into the project again.
Q: Really? Will your projects in developing countries make a profit?
Alexander: We invest in good projects. We have contributed to their development. We invest in public and private projects. Each profit is increasing our investment capabilities.
Q: How many years will you work at the AIIB according to your contract?
Alexander: Vice President a term of office is three years, and I am already in the third term.
** Question: How many terms can you serve?
Alexander: There is no restriction. This depends on the decision of the council.
Question: Do you still have two years of term?
Alexander: yes, one and a half years.
Question: If the council wants you to stay, would you?
Alexander: Maybe you have already seen it. I like to work in financial institutions in Asia's multilateral mechanism. If they want me to stay, I will keep an open attitude towards this. But this first depends on the council, and you mention a future issue.
Question: So no matter which bank in the future, you will use finance as a means to solve climate problems, right?
Alexander: Yes.
_ (Note: This article only represents the personal point of view of the interviewer and the interviewee.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100212 
Beijing intends to pass through the Tiananmen Buses to ban body advertisements 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T04:06:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:13:04-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Beijing drafts a new regulation that bus vehicles in front of Tiananmen will be required to prohibit advertising. Reuters-1-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/Zhengzhi/GT1-071112023040629.html/@stream](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/gt1-07112023040629.html/@@stream)Relevant Beijing departments considers the introduction of new regulations. Any bus vehicles passing through Tiananmen are prohibited from posting advertisements, and the "prohibited areas" of bus body advertisements are set up at the intersection of Wangfujing intersection from Wangfu Street in Chang'an Street. Why do you introduce such regulations? In this regard, scholars give their own interpretation.
Beijing to formulate the service personnel of the government window to regulate the style from the head tube to the foot? In China, the business activities of the enterprise are about ideological. On the Chang'an Street in front of Tiananmen Gate in Beijing, the buses will not be advertised. The Beijing Daily Client reported on Monday that the "Beijing Public Automobile Tram's Outdoor Advertising Specification (Draft for Consultation)" recently publicly solicited opinions on the website of the Beijing Municipal Management Committee. Soliciting opinions clearly stipulate that the "prohibited area" of buses' body advertisements, of which the operating line passes through the road section section west of Wangfujing intersection to the east of Xidan intersection and bus vehicles from Tiananmen Square. In addition, advertisements shall not be used to use the front of the front, the windows of the rear, and the escape glass on both sides of the body.
The citizens can't touch the brain scholars calling them "exclude business" **
Mr. Zhang, a resident who lives near Tiananmen Square, said in an interview with Radio Free Asia on Tuesday that in the past two decades, the alert in Tiananmen Square has become more and more stricter, but it is not possible to stipulate why advertise. He said: "There are not a few cars on Chang'an Street (in front of Tiananmen), which is 1, 5, there are no roads, there are no roads, 22 do not take this side, especially 'clean', I really don’t know why they (official) why . Now when I go to the Forbidden City, I will go to Xihua Gate and Nanchi (Donghua Gate) exports. I have to check my ID card when I go to the square. I start to check the ID card from the entrance of Fuyou Street (to Tiananmen). , I have to make an appointment now. "
Police talk to a man on a street near Tiananmen Square, Beijing. (Associated Press) The "Regulations on the Management of Beijing Municipal Outdoor Advertising Facilities, Plastic Makes and Signs Propaganda Settings" implemented in September 2021 did not restrict the advertisements outside the bus. After about 20 months, the authorities revised the Regulations again. What was the reason?
One of the co -founders of the Yirenping Center of Beijing Public Welfare Organization told this station that the model for prohibiting advertising outside the buses is similar to Pyongyang, the capital of North Korea. Observation, such as shooting TV and watching news, all the screens that come into the camera lens must control the Communist Party, become very clean and pure, without business atmosphere and information. This is completely ideological idea. "
The Army believes that the authorities are turning back in the period of the "Cultural Revolution" period, which is dazzling.
The discussion draft also proposes that those who have the appearance of dirt, damage, severe fading, etc. on the appearance of the bus vehicles affect the appearance of the city, and should be repaired and updated in a timely manner.
1949 Demolition of Tiananmen Square Jianjian Guanzai 
Mr. Ma, a Beijing media person, told this station that Chinese leaders at all look down on such commercial advertisements. The new regulations are obviously pleased by the leaders of superiors and highlight the characteristics of "socialism in the new era": "Leaders don't look at advertisements. They basically reject the so -called free economy. When the PLA entered Beijing that year, when the PLA entered Beijing, they entered Beijing. On both sides of Tiananmen, the location of the viewing platform is once a relatively large commercial street. It is called Household Street. Many old names are opened there. The business is particularly good. After the CCP established the government, the street soon dismantled the street. So after the buses of Tiananmen Square are not allowed to swipe their body advertisements, I think it is in line with their consistent thinking. "
It is reported that the setting specifications of the public opinion of this public opinion have also put forward specific requirements for some operating lines passing through a specific area. For example, bus vehicles that are operating lines through the core areas of Beijing and administrative office areas in the urban sub -center, and the overall body advertisement is set up by the car paint part of the single -layer car with the car paint below the windows of the body. Window) and the rear of the car are set up on the body advertisement.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shuting Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/gt1-07112023040629.html 
Foxconn abandon the Indian chip joint venture with Vedanta 
Author: Tripti Lahiri / Yoko Kubota
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T05:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T05:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-10T22:33:00.000Z
Description: Foxconn Technology Group said that it has ended chip production cooperation with the resource group Vedanta focusing on the Indian market. The news is not conducive to a new plan for India to build itself into a semiconductor manufacturing center.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001042587
Type: Article
Taiwan Foxconn Technology Group(Foxconn Technology Group)It is said that it has ended chip production cooperation with the resource group Vedanta focusing on the Indian market. The news is not conducive to a new plan for India to build itself into a semiconductor manufacturing center.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%AF%8C%E5%A3%AB%E5%BA%B7%E6%94%BE%E5%BC%83%E4%B8%8Evedanta%E7%9A%84%E5%8D%B0%E5%BA%A6%E8%8A%AF%E7%89%87%E5%90%88%E8%B5%84%E9%A1%B9%E7%9B%AE-17623f16 
Zhengzhou Hua 3.4 billion for the river hangs marble officials, but the official clarified but the civilians were indignant 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T05:10:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:13:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The river hanging marble engineering photos have been rumored on Weibo. 微博 Audio-1-Link：https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/ec-07112023050941.html/@@stream When the problems of China's local debt and local governments have deteriorated, the Zhengzhou Municipal Government has invested heavily in rectifying the river. On the Internet, local governments used 3.4 billion to hang marble on the river, causing public opinion to boil. The official immediately clarified after the incident was exposed, but it was still difficult to eliminate folk doubts.
Bright Red Light China Over half of the provinces and cities, local debt rates, Vietnam Police Line Financial Urgent Urgent Wuhan Finance Bureau posted a debt four years ago Foundation to build a local special debt quota or record The website of the Zhengzhou Urban -Rural Development Bureau's website released the content of the comprehensive rectification project of Jinshuihe, which caused public opinion to boil. Multiple online social media accounts were released about Zhengzhou's 3.4 billion yuan to hang marble bricks to dry marble bricks for the Jinshuihe River. On the walls on both sides, it was found that a marble brick with a length of 100 meters was found. The workers who quoted the construction stated that the river channel was less than 1 meter.
The incident was fermented on the Internet, and instantly appeared on Weibo hot search. Many netizens incarnate the details of the engineering fee of an actuator to analyze the project costs.
Blog: "The cost of one square meter costs 15,000. Is this tile or a golden face? In the Governance of Jinshuihe, is there any more important problem to solve it? Is this brick? With 3.4 billion investment, every penny is smashed by people, and every penny must be spent on the blade. If it is this face project, don't blame everyone to give face. "
Left: CCTV WeChat public account has also reported that Zhengzhou Hua 3.4 billion news about marble hangs on the river. Right: The bidding announcement of the Zhengzhou Sky Value River Regulation Project has aroused heated discussion among netizens. (webpage Screenshot) The official urgent clarification of the "3.4 billion posted marble" incident questioned that it was like throwing money in the water 
The Zhengzhou government officially responded after 3 days (July 10), saying that the project was established as early as July 2021. Among the 3.4 billion launch, 2.5 billion yuan was used to improve the improvement of river channels and ecological landscapes, etc., and refuted in the river channel The saying of a stamped of muddy indicates that the granite stone is affixed, with a total cost of only about 6.5 million yuan, accounting for 0.2%of the total investment. However, Ms. Jia, a local resident, told this station that the incident caused widespread discussion and attention in Zhengzhou, and the official explanation could not lift the public's doubts.
Ms. Jia: "The renovation of Jinshuihe is to prevent floods and floods. Everyone has no opinion. But you do this kind of project, whether it is marble or granite, it is equivalent to saying that it is thrown in water and drift in the water, and even the sound is sounded. No one can be heard. The key to the incident is that after your project is established, have you ever held a hearing, and whether most of the recruiters make suggestions. If a project costs so much money, there is no hearing, and most of the Zhengzhou people are allowed to let most of the Zhengzhou people. Suggestions? If a project spends so much money, but your city government makes a decision by itself, your government is equivalent to putting the opinions of the people aside. This is the labor and the people hurt money. Anyway Money does not hurt. "
After the official response incident, on Tuesday (July 11), the keywords and posts on "Internet passing Zhengzhou Paste 3.4 billion" on the Internet, and disappeared on Weibo simultaneously. Only Zhengzhou official notification was found. Online public opinion also turned to criticize the self -media. Blind contexts, but some bloggers support private supervision.
Blog: "The official response gave this oolong farce, but from 3.4 billion to 6.5 million huge price differences, reflecting the difference and opaque information between the local authorities and the people, and where the money is from. Where can I go, and whether it can be implemented is the most concerned about netizens from beginning to end. "
** Comment: When the economy shrinks, it is difficult to get public opinion on the government when the economic contraction is difficult to get public opinion.
Zhang Jianping, a commentator from Yixing current affairs in Jiangsu, said that in the name of infrastructure and local environment, it is actually a project that drives local governments. When the economic environment is good, the official approach will not cause people's grievances. It will be very different.
Zhang Jianping: "This picture and the truth are definitely not a fake news. The authorities must cover up this matter and cannot hide it. The root of this image engineering is still the lubricant with corruption as the economic development. Now the economy has entered a shrinkage stage. The high -speed development has stalled, and a short -term short -term behavior that uses this kind of pursuit of GDP and the pursuit of image engineering will definitely cause the people's resentment, because the people's lives are already decreasing. "
Zhang Jianping said that the public also hopes that the government can increase the launch of education and medical care, rather than face -to -face projects. The incident has been discussed and widely discussed, and it is difficult for officials to wipe out the question buried in the hearts of the people.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Xu Shuting Chen Meihua Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/ec-07112023050941.html 
Yellen's visit to China failed to block the trend of China and the United States 
Author: Nathaniel Taplin
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T05:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T05:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T02:51:00.000Z
Description: Before the political schedule in the United States and Asia began to exert its influence, US -China officials also had a small window period that stabilized the economic relations between the two countries.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001042062
Type: Article
Last weekend U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen (Janet Yelle)Determined to convince the Chinese government, the U.S. government does not want to decompose with China's large -scale economy 。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%80%B6%E4%BC%A6%E8%AE%BF%E5%8D%8E%E6%9C%AA%E8%83%BD%E6%8C%A1%E4%BD%8F%E4%B8%AD%E7%BE%8E%E8%84%B1%E9%92%A9%E4%B9%8B%E5%8A%BF-3663e4a2 
Rivian's stock is hot, and the fundraising at the time 
Author: Stephen Wilmot
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T06:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T06:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T06:05:00.000Z
Description: It doesn't make sense to care about RIVIAN's stock heavy heating; this is an asset that the company can and should use. This may be the meaning.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001041931
Type: Article
Rivian when it is worthy(RNVN)You need to seize the opportunity.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/rivian%E8%82%A1%E7%A5%A8%E5%A4%A7%E7%83%AD-%E7%AD%B9%E8%B5%84%E6%AD%A3%E5%BD%93%E6%97%B6-26ba5509 
"Give full play to the place where the motherland needs" party media to publicize the snug 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T06:26:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T13:50:29-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The party media wants youth to the place where the motherland needs to play light and heat Agence France-Presse information picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/shehui/hcm2-07112023062601.html/@stream The Communist Party of China published a special manuscript on July 10, "People's Daily", "Establishing the Correct Employment Outlook", and called on young people to "play light and heat in the most needed places that the motherland and the people need. As the poor and poor in China and serious unemployment, party media's move has led to public opinion.
China's youth unemployment rate 20.8% hit a record high Xi Jinping encourages Chinese youth to enter the countryside "to find hard food" * * "Slow employment" non -derogatory term? Economist: youth unemployment or political problem fuse ** **** This "Establishment of the Correct Employment" mentioned that the appearance of youth was originally ideal, dare to take responsibility, be able to endure hardships, and be willing to struggle. Establish a positive concept of employment. In all aspects of various aspects of rural revitalization, green development, social services, and the sidelines of the Wei Guo, you can act as the vanguard and life forces. It can also realize the value of youth, and can lay the cornerstone for the struggle of a lifetime. The article states that in the Western Plan of the Volunteer Services of University Students, some young people have established their merits in winning the battle of poverty alleviation, and some young people have grown into provincial "outstanding Communist Youth League members" and have been sharpened and grew up. The "new farmer" of college students brings modern agricultural knowledge and skills to the countryside, which not only helps the Chinese rice bowls, but also expand their professional track.
At the end of the article, young people in China also called on young people in China to play light and heat to the most needed places that the motherland and the people need, not only can leave the memories of no regrets, but they will also obtain the spiritual wealth of life in the grassroots level. Career provides a steady stream of nourishment. "
The content of "Establishing the Correct Employment Outlook" has a big rollover in the message under Weibo or Douyin video. (Network screenshot) "Party media published this article, and the language used is the replica of the language of the Cultural Revolution." Political commentators Chen Po Kong told this station that the reason why Mao Zedong was "going up the mountain and going to the countryside" at that time. Liu Shaoqi; but on the other hand, if the Red Guards do not disperse, they also constitute a political threat to Mao Zedong. In addition, the city has no employment opportunities, and the Red Guards will be sent to the countryside.
Chen Po Kong: "Now Xi Jinping has two reasons for the face of" going up the mountain and going to the countryside ". First of all, it is economical. Now that college students graduate, they are unemployed. The Chinese economy has fallen to the worst degree of reform and opening up. Employment is difficult, everyone is flattened. Fa finds employment opportunities and sent them to do the hard work of nobody, so call through the People's Daily. "
Chen Po Kong believes that the "white paper movement" that happened in many places last year scared Xi Jinping and found that young people participated after the "00". Lying flat is unstable factor, so these youths must be sent to difficult places.
The unemployment rate is not the most severe state since the reform and opening up 
The special manuscript of "People's Daily" is like a match, which ignites the anger of netizens on Chinese social media. Netizens have left messages, "Fantastic young people go to rural rejuvenation, green development, social services, and Wei Guo. Regional civil servants are glowing and hot "; there are also people ridiculed," decoupling inside and outside, and the biggest risk of up and down. "
Chen Poong pointed out that young Chinese people are angry with their stomachs. Those officials and nobles transfer their children and family assets to the West, but they do not want young Chinese to read English. After China's reform and opening up, people all realized that the privileged class enjoys all kinds of special treatment: "When they released the article, everyone immediately realized inequality. As a result, public opinion turned over. This is the real public opinion."
At the same time, an article circulating in the China Network about employment is removed from NetEase. The article pointed out that "the next few years will be the most severe employment situation since my country's reform and opening up."Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Xu Shuting Chen Meihua He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/hcm2-07112023062601.html 
NATO today held an important summit Türkiye to take measures to support the Swedish to join the Alliance. 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-11T06:43:01
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T06:43:01
Description: On the 10th, Turkey agreed to submit the association of Sweden to NATO to submit a state parliament for approval. This is also the long -awaited measure of Stockholm and its Western allies, which aims to show the unity between them at the NATO summit today.
Images: [" image-127-168... ", " 31642047-1689... ", " image-2-16890... ", " 31608852-1688... "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '土耳其', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 NATO Summit(news agency)On July 10, local time, Turkey agreed to submit Sweden to NATO to submit the association of NATO to the National Parliament for approval. This is also a long -awaited measure of Stockholm and its Western allies. The aim of showing them at the NATO summit held today (11th). Unity. It should be pointed out that the theme of the summit is still supporting Ukraine against Russia.
After Vilnius and Turkish President Erdogan and Sweden Prime Minister Christone held talks, NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said, "I am happy to hear that President Erdogan announced his consent to submit it to the Turkish parliament as soon as possible as soon as possible He also added that Sweden joined NATO and cooperates with him to ensure his approval. "He also added that" this is a historic day. "
Stoltenberg then pointed out that "completing the process of joining NATO in Sweden is a historic step. It is conducive to the security of all allies in NATO at the current critical moment and will make our entire collective stronger and secure. "
Swedish Prime Minister Kristone also welcomed Turkey's move, saying that the new position of Turkey means "a good day in Sweden", and it is a "great step."
Christeson said at a press conference, "We took a big step towards the formal approval of Sweden to join NATO." "Today is a good day for Sweden." This approval is "extremely happy."
The protocol about Sweden's joining NATO will be approved by the Turkish Parliament. However, according to NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg, Erdogan has promised to promote the parliament's approval of this statement.
 Turkish President Erdogan(left)Seeing NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg(middle)With the Swedish Prime Minister Kristeson, to discuss the question of Stockholm's joining NATO(Anadoru News Agency)The Hungarian Parliament must also approve this request. It is reported that Hungary Prime Minister Victor Olban guarantees that Hungary will not become the last country to approve this protocol, and hints that this step will be completed soon.
U.S. President Joe Biden arrived on the 10th to participate in the NATO summit, and he also welcomed Turkey's latest position.
Biden pointed out in a statement that "I am going to cooperate with President Erdogan and Turkey to strengthen the defense and deterrent power in the European-Atlantic region." He also pointed out that he "expects" Sweden to join NATO in order The 32nd member states of the military alliance.
The US Department of Foreign Affairs, Anthony Brillon, welcomed Turkey's decision and stated that he welcomed Turkey to promise to approve Sweden to join NATO and believe that this will "strengthen European security."
Before the above statement was issued on the 10th, Turkey has been preventing Sweden from joining NATO, and accusing Sturgolmo hid by Akara as a "terrorist" Kurdish activist. In addition, Turkey has also criticized and condemned some positions in the Swedish government, of which the most. What is important is that the Swedish government has allowed extremists to hold the Burning of the Gulan Classics in the past few months.
Erdogan said on the 10th that if the European Union restarts negotiations about Turkey's joining the European Union, he will support Sweden to join NATO.
However, a statement issued after the talks of the three parties pointed out that Turkey and Sweden will work closely to "coordinate the crackdown on terrorism" and strengthen bilateral trade.

This statement pointed out that "Sweden will support the activation of Turkey's process of joining the EU, including updating the tariff alliance between the European Union and Turkey, and visa liberalization."
Erdogan suspended his talks with Stoltenberg and Christeson, holding an additional meeting with the President of the European Council Michel, and then reached the above agreement.
In his tweet, Michelle praised the "good talks" and added that the two "discussed the prospects of re -cooperation between the European Union and Turkey and restored bilateral relations."
On the other hand, Bloomberg quoted a Turkish official as saying that EU officials had agreed to accelerate Turkey's negotiations in the EU, and negotiations include Turkish joining tariffs alliances and allowing Turkish citizens to travel without visa travel within the EU.
 NATO Summit(news agency)Since 2005, Turkey has been a formal candidate for the European Union. Before that, Turkey was eager to join the EU, but related negotiations have been stagnating for many years.
However, a statement issued on the 10th shows that Turkey and the European Union can further strengthen bilateral trade and update the tariff agreement, and relax visa restriction measures implemented by interruptions due to the interruption of the alliance.
Türkiye submitted in 1987 to join the European economic community(EU predecessor)The application document, and in 1999, obtained a candidate status to join the European Union, and also officially launched the qualification negotiation with the members of the alliance in 2005.
In 2016, related negotiations were interrupted due to Europe's concerns about human rights in Turkey.
German Chancellor Schultz emphasized yesterday (10th) that there is no connection between Sweden joining NATO and Turkey to join the European Union.
Schultz said at a press conference held in Berlin that Sweden met all the requirements for joining NATO.
Schultz added that "the two should not be regarded as a question of interrelated", and he also pointed out that there is nothing to prevent Sweden from joining NATO.
On the other hand, Ukraine also welcomed this move and promised to go further in the protection of NATO, so that after "defeating" Russia in the war, it was able to obtain a formal qualification for NATO member states.
 Ukrainian President Zellenski hopes that Ukraine can join NATO after the war ended (Anadoru News Agency)
Hope of Ukraine 
A Western officials stated to AFP that the allies would overthrow the condition that Kiev completed the "Member State Action Plan", and the plan stipulated that the military reforms must be carried out.
Ukraine Foreign Minister Coleba said the solution will shorten the path of the country's qualification to obtain NATO member states, and Moscow has warned it on the serious consequences of European security.
Coleba welcomed the move on Twitter and believed that this was "the long -awaited decision to shorten the path we joined NATO."
He also added, "This is also the best time to clearly clarify the call for NATO's appeal to be a member of NATO."
This Western military alliance is holding a two -day summit in Lithuania. Although Ukraine obviously cannot join this alliance with war with Russia -because this may trigger the Third World War, as Ukrainian officials say, once peaceful, Ukraine can quickly join NATO to NATO EssenceAt the NATO Summit held by Vernis, the leaders of the alliance had different opinions on the line of Ukraine to join the alliance.
Some member states of the alliance demanded a clear commitment to the date when Ukraine joined NATO. However, the United States and Germany did not show high enthusiasm for this. They just promised to allow Ukraine to join NATO without giving specific specifics. Date.
At the same time, Maria, deputy minister of the Ministry of National Defense of Ukraine, announced on the 10th that the Ukraine forces liberated the main highlands around Bachurut in the eastern city.
She also pointed out that this progress has enabled the Ukraine forces to control "the city's entrances and the operation of the enemy in the city."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/7/11/%e5%8c%97%e7%ba%a6%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e4%b8%be%e8%a1%8c%e9%87%8d%e8%a6%81%e5%b3%b0%e4%bc%9a%e5%9c%9f%e8%80%b3%e5%85%b6%e9%87%87%e5%8f%96%e6%8e%aa%e6%96%bd%e6%94%af%e6%8c%81%e7%91%9e%e5%85%b8%e5%85%a5 
ASEAN Annual Safety Conference China will send Wang Yi to attend 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T06:54:00Z
Description: The Southeast Asian National Alliance will hold the "ASEAN Regional Forum" in Indonesia on the 11th. Member states diplomats and US Secretary of State Brosky will participate, but Chinese foreign ministers Qin Gang will not be able to attend. According to the draft of the SEC, the meeting will focus on the sovereignty dispute between the South China Sea and the US -China Army reserve competition that may "cause the gun to get angry."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '印度尼西亚', '专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '缅甸', '中国', '南中国海主权争端', '东南亚国家联盟', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['东盟', '东南亚', '南海', '中国', '缅甸', '印度尼西亚']
Id: 66185203
From the 11th, the Southeast Asian National Alliance will hold an annual safety conference (schematic diagram) in Indonesia.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Southeast Asian National Alliance (ASEAN) from Jakarta, Indonesia to Jakarta, Indonesia on Tuesday (July 11) to hold an annual security conference "ASEAN Regional Forum" (ARF), US Secretary of State Antonyblinken, Russian Foreign Minister Raf Sergeylavrov will also attend the meeting as a "dialogue partner". The South China Sea dispute, concerns about the expansion of military reserve in the Asia -Pacific region, and Myanmar civil strife is expected to become the main agenda, while the Russian and Ukraine War and US -China confrontation It will also become the focus of public attention.
It was rumored that Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang would attend the meeting. However, according to Reuters reported on the 11th, two sources pointed out that China will send Wang Yi, director of the CPC Central Committee to attend the meeting. This news has caused Chinese foreign ministers Qin Gang to disappear from the public view of many days and continue to pay attention. In addition, the Indonesian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said at a press conference on the 10th that North Korean Foreign Minister Cui Shanji would not attend the meeting.
ASEAN was established in 1967 by New ASEAN, Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, and Indonesia. There are currently 10 member states. The Associated Press pointed out that the group has been doing basic principles such as non -interference in internal affairs and making decisions based on consensus for decades, but this approach has also hindered the group's response to the cross -border crisis.
South China Sea problem will be the key point 
The Associated Press will be published after the ASEAN Federation will be published. The content is called for the South China Sea conflict, "If it may cause the dispute to complicate or upgrade or affect peace and stability, it should be restrained." The report states that this sentence reiterates the words of the group's other previous statements; the past statements have not been named China.
ASEAN member leader participated in the summit in Indonesia in May.
For decades, Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines and Vietnam and China have a sovereign conflict in the South China Sea. In order to prevent disputes from upgrading, ASEAN has continued to discuss with China and not violate each other, but the negotiations have been unreasonable for many years.
Today, South China Sea has become a subtle front for competition between China and the United States From time to time, warships and fighters in the United States and other Western countries sail this busy waterway to carry out "free navigation" and "flying cross patrols"; and China's military and sea patrol behavior in this area are also increasingly aggressive, prompting the surrounding around State strengthening territorial defense.
The Associated Press reported that Foreign Ministers of ASEAN countries stated in the draft bulletin: "We expressed concerns about the increasingly fierce arms competition and naval deployment in this region, which may lead to the fire of guns and tensions. Stability. "The report states that the final communique wording may still change due to negotiations.
Dewi Fortunaanwar, director of the Habibie Center, said that there is no solution at the South China Sea dispute at present, and ASEAN can only take measures to prevent comprehensive conflicts: "We hope China will give up this claim (Guidelines related to the sovereignty of the sea sovereignty Proficiency), but don't look forward to this. "
Myanmar turmoil attracted attention 
Another major focus that this ASEAN regional meeting is expected to pay attention to is the long -term turmoil in Myanmar.
According to the statistics of the Assistance Association for PoliticalPrisoners, since the Myanmar military seized power from the Election of Aung San Suuki in February 2021, it has gained more than 3,750 civilian and democratic movements since the country has fallen into a fatal chaos. People were killed by the security forces, and nearly 24,000 people were arrested.
The Myanmar group located in the Philippines condemned the Burmese military government to execute four democratic sportsmen in July 2022.
Earlier, the heads of state of ASEAN countries proposed the "five -point plan", including immediately ending the violence and calling for the conflict to make a conversation. The atrocities of the Myanmar military government are regarded as a five -point plan that ignores ASEAN, which prompts the group to take punishment measures unprecedentedly to prohibit the Myanmar military leaders from participating in its senior meetings, including the Minister -level meeting hosted by Indonesia.
Indonesia Foreign Minister Retnomarsudi said that since the country has been the ASEAN rotating chairman this year, it has been contacted several times in Myanmar and provided humanitarian assistance. Reitino said he will continue to focus on the five -point plan of ASEAN leaders.
The Associated Press reported that although ASEAN faces international pressure and has been required to effectively resolve the Myanmar crisis, the group does not seem to obtain consensus on specific measures. Summit. According to reports, in the draft of the post -announcement of ASEAN's upcoming meeting, the relevant measures of Myanmar's relevant measures are still blank, showing that it is difficult to reach a consensus on the issue.
Anwar's analysis, due to the limited ability of ASEAN to solve problems, Myanmar's situation may become a long -term issue like the South China Sea dispute.
(Associated Press, Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/東盟開年度安全會議-中國將派王毅出席/a-66185203?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Nikkei rebounds end up to 5 black 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T06:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 11th) The U.S. government will release important inflation data this week. June Consumer Price Index (CPI). Closing the dark fall.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Nikkei 225 index rose 13.84 points, or 0.04%, at 32203.57 points. Dongzhi stock price index fell 6.93 points, or 0.31%, closed at 2236.40 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230711-%E6%97%A5%E7%BB%8F%E5%8F%8D%E5%BC%B9%E6%94%B6%E6%B6%A8-%E7%BB%88%E6%AD%A2%E8%BF%9E5%E9%BB%91 
What does Belarus resettle the barracks of Wagner? The BBC reporter in Russia explores 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:02:22.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:02:22.000Z
Description: The BBC reporter Steve Rosenberg was permitted to be permitted to Belarus to provide a Camp for Russia's Wagner's mercenaries for an interview. But so far, only Belarusian troops are stationed here.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['乌克兰局势升温', '军事', '乌克兰']
Type: Article
What is the barracks of Wagner's military camp? The BBC reporter in Russia finds out 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-66162376/P0G064BZ/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-66162376/p0g064bz/zh-hans) What does your equipment support the play of multimedia materials? ** What is the barracks of Wagner's military camp in Belarus? The BBC reporter in Russia explores at 7:02 am on July 11, 2023
The BBC reporter Steverosenberg was permitted to interview the camp of the Russian Wagner's mercenaries for the Russian Wagner's mercenaries. But so far, only Belarusian troops are stationed here.
The real use of this barracks is unknown, but it is enough to accommodate 5,000 people.
Steve passed through the entire camp to ask where Wagner was, and talked about the possibility of the mercenaries settled.
related information 
Wagner rebellion: Lukashenko said that Porigo is not in Belarus, people are in St. Petersburg * What is the impact of the Wagner rebellion ended Russia and Ugage and even the world? 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66162376 
Chip manufacturers accelerate the development of "core grain" technology to help AI (Free Version) 
Author: Yang Jie
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T05:52:00.000Z
Description: According to industry executives, core kernels may be a simpler way to design more powerful chips. They call this technology as one of the most important progress in the 60 years of integrated circuits.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001041467
Type: Article
The booming development of AI is promoting the design of chip manufacturers to accelerate the development of the design of stacking chips together, just like high -tech Lego(Lego)The building blocks are the same.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%8A%AF%E7%89%87%E5%88%B6%E9%80%A0%E5%95%86%E5%8A%A0%E9%80%9F%E5%BC%80%E5%8F%91-%E8%8A%AF%E7%B2%92-%E6%8A%80%E6%9C%AF%E4%BB%A5%E5%8A%A9%E5%8A%9Bai-565406bd 
Investors are in the US stock market, but they are uneasy because of five factors (Free Version) 
Author: Caitlin McCabe
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:13:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:13:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T03:54:00.000Z
Description: After a wave of strong economic data was released, last week, the US stock market fell, and the yield of bonds soared. It is not difficult to see how fragile the current bull market may be. Investors said they are monitoring the worrying trend in the market.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股市']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001038521
Type: Article
A no stranger question has quietly reproduced Wall Street: Is it possible that it is the most recruited bull market in history?
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E8%80%85%E8%BA%AB%E5%A4%84%E7%BE%8E%E8%82%A1%E7%89%9B%E5%B8%82-%E5%8D%B4%E5%9B%A0%E4%BA%94%E4%B8%AA%E5%9B%A0%E7%B4%A0%E6%83%B4%E6%83%B4%E4%B8%8D%E5%AE%89-281f4d83 
Türkiye agrees to join NATO in Sweden 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:13
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:48
Description: NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said Turkey had agreed to let Sweden join NATO.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['北约', '瑞典', '土耳其']
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said Turkey had agreed to let Sweden join NATO.
Comprehensive foreign news reports, NATO Secretary -General Stoltenbe on Monday (July 10) held a three -party talks with Turkish President Erdogan and Swedish Prime Minister Christone.
On the same day, Erdogan requested that the EU resumes the qualification application of the EU member states that stagnate Turkey as a prerequisite for Sweden to join NATO. However, EU officials quickly rejected the request, saying that these were two different issues.
After the meeting, the three parties issued a statement saying that Sweden and Turkey agreed to continue to cooperate under the common co -joint mechanism of the three sides and the new bilateral security agreement. Sweden will propose a roadmap that continues to crack down on all forms of terrorism, and will continue to carry out bilateral counter -terrorism cooperation with Turkey after joining NATO.
Sweden also said in a statement: "Sweden will actively support the efforts to revive Turkish to join the EU process."
Stoltenberg said at a press conference after the meeting that Erdogan agreed to submit the Swedish appointment as soon as possible to the Turkish Parliament and will work closely with the Turkish Council to ensure that the appointment is approved.
He said: "Joining NATO in Sweden is a historic step, which is conducive to the security of all allies in NATO at the next critical moment."
Christeson said that he was "very happy" and thought that this was "a good day for Sweden."
NATO Summit will be held in Vilnius from July 11th to 12th, and it is expected that Sweden will join the issues such as NATO.
After the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, Sweden and Finland applied at the same time to join NATO last May. Finland's application was approved by all NATO member states in April this year, but Turkey and Hungary have not yet approved Sweden.
Hungarian Foreign Affairs and Foreign Economic Minister Sealado stated last week that if Turkey's position has changed, Hungary will not delay the process of joining NATO in any country.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412635 
Amazon's Prime member day will test consumer demand (Free Version) 
Author: Sebastian Herrera
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:17:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:17:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T05:25:00.000Z
Description: Amazon is expected to reach a new height this year's PRIME member day, and analysts expect concerns about the economy will drag consumers' needs.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Amazon(Amazon.com, AMZN)It is expected that this year's PRIME member day will reach a new height, and analysts expect concerns about the economy will drag consumers' needs.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BA%9A%E9%A9%AC%E9%80%8A%E7%9A%84prime%E4%BC%9A%E5%91%98%E6%97%A5%E5%B0%86%E6%B5%8B%E8%AF%95%E6%B6%88%E8%B4%B9%E8%80%85%E9%9C%80%E6%B1%82-33fbec7a 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:20:50
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T15:59:39
Description: NATO leaders said on the first day of the Vilnius Summit that the future of Ukraine lies in the alliance, but it has not announced that Ukraine has joined NATO's schedule or officially invited.
Images: [" 1-1689091141.png "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 NATO Secretary -General Yanz Stoltenberg held a press conference during the NATO leader summit held in Lithuania (Reuters)
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/7/11/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-382 
The heavy rain in the northeast of the United States becomes disaster 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:20:06+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New York, 10th) Duozhou in the northeast of the United States has become a piece of ocean because of the heavy rain and floods. New York State's storm yesterday and floods destroyed the road, causing one to die.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The National Weetherservice said that the outbreak of rapid rainfall and "life -threatening" of New York, New Jersey, Connecticic, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts and Vermond. Flood alert.
On the 9th of New York State, the streets made the street a turbulent waterway and destroyed the bridge, which caused the road to be unable to pass. Governor Kathy Hochul announced that the two counties entered an emergency.
Orange County Emergency Management confirmed today that "historic flood" Hudsonvalley, a 35 -year -old woman was killed in Highland Falls.
Hou Ke said that the woman tried to evacuate the damaged house with her dog when she broke out in the valley flood, but was washed away by the flood.
Hou Ke said yesterday that up to 200 mm of rainfall caused "the outbreak of mountain floods and life -threatening."
The US Railway Corporation (AMTRAK) issued a statement saying that "due to bad weather conditions," railway services between New York City and the state's capital Albany were suspended at 5:30 am.
Hou Ke said that the rain seemed to move towards the Fermont in the Eastern Dynasty. The law enforcement department said earlier that heavy rain appeared in 4 counties in Vermont, and multiple roads were destroyed and closed.
The National Meteorological Administration stated in the state alert that "mountain floods have occurred" and it is expected that "catastrophic floods" will occur in some areas of Vermont today.
PHIL Scott, Governor of Fermont, announced that the state has entered an emergency.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230711-%E7%BE%8E%E4%B8%9C%E5%8C%97%E9%83%A8%E8%B1%AA%E9%9B%A8%E6%88%90%E7%81%BE 
Warm caused the earth regulation system to disrupt the marine pull alert 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:32:10+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 10th) Global temperatures have recently soared to the degree of unprecedentedness. The ocean absorbs the vast majority of thermal heat produced by the earth's heating gases and disrupted the vital earth regulatory system.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Since the mid -1800s, the world has increased by nearly 1.2 degrees Celsius, which has brought about extreme weather phenomena, including more intense heat waves and more severe droughts in some areas.
The ocean absorbs the vast majority of thermal heat produced by the earth's heating gases, triggers the heat waves that endanger the aquatic creatures, change the weather mode, and disrupt the vital earth regulation system.
In June of this year, the global sea level temperature rose to the degree of unprecedented before. The area of the Antarctic sea ice reached the minimum of the month since the satellite observation, which is 17%lower than the average value, which greatly broke the record of the previous June.
Although the temperature of the sea level usually falls from the peak of the year, the temperature is still high this year. Scientists warn that the incident highlights the serious climate change but not fully understood.
Michaelsparrow, the person in charge of the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), said: "If the ocean warms greatly, it will generate a chain on the global atmosphere, sea ice, and ice in the world. effect."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230711-%E6%9A%96%E5%8C%96%E5%AF%BC%E8%87%B4%E5%9C%B0%E7%90%83%E8%B0%83%E8%8A%82%E7%B3%BB%E7%BB%9F%E8%A2%AB%E6%89%93%E4%B9%B1-%E6%B5%B7%E6%B4%8B%E6%8B%89%E8%AD%A6%E6%8A%A5 
Meta social media faults thousands of US users are affected 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:35
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:43
Description: According to the network conditions monitoring station Downdetector, thousands of U.S. users have failed when using Meta's social media. Reuters reports that as many as 13,000 users report on Monday (July 10) on Monday (July 10) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['Meta', '脸书', 'instagram', 'WhatsApp', '故障']
According to the network conditions monitoring station Downdetector, thousands of U.S. users have failed when using Meta's social media.
Reuters reports that on Monday, US time (July 10), as many as 13,000 users reported that there were problems when browsing Instagram, and about 5,400 and 1870 users reported that when browsing Facebook and using WhatsApp malfunction.
Facebook's parent company Meta has not responded to the media inquiries.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412637 
Hong Kong cryptocurrency "gray zone" attracts Mainland China customers (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Ho-him']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T07:48:31+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T03:47:99+08:00
Description: Unlike the online exchange, there are very few supervision of the exchanges of the exchanges of the physical market in Hong Kong, so it is particularly attractive to mainland customers.
Images: [" 000187141_pic... "]
Themes: ['加密货币', '关注']
Keywords: ['加密货币', '加密金融', '金融监管', '香港', '金融中心']
Type: Article
 Almost every month, Mr. Zhang will buy cryptocurrencies from Shenzhen Futian District to a shopping center with many fast food restaurants and some empty stores.
In a journey in June this year, the 27 -year -old young man — his daily work includes "do something to make money" -the with cash exchanged for about 10,000 to 20,000 yuan (380 to the USDT of 2760 US dollars), a stable currency linked to the dollar.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100216 
Discussion on the death of singer Li Yan died with "Sunshine depression" 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T07:56:54.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:56:54.000Z
Description: Sunshine depression is not a professional medical term, but recently has been discussed in the network space, mainly refers to the explicit personality and image positive, lively and optimistic people suffer from depression, and it is difficult for people to find that they have a tendency to melancholy.
Images: [" _130295948_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['娛樂', '中國', '台湾', '心理健康', '药', '香港', '医学研究', '妇女健康']
Type: Article
Discussion with "Sunshine and Millet" about "Sunshine and Mading" 
7:56 am on July 11, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Li Yan's family confirmed that she had suffered from depression in recent years and had regular medical treatment for treatment.
The famous singer Li Yan died last week in Hong Kong, which shocked the Chinese entertainment industry. Li Yan has become popular with a cheerful and outgoing image, and has been pursuing a perfect "zero negative" image for nearly 30 years. She has died at the age of 48 at the age of 48, causing widespread discussion and mourning in the global Chinese circle. 
Li Yan's family confirmed to Hong Kong media that Li Yan suffered from depression (depression) in recent years and had regular medical treatment for treatment. The problem of celebrities' mental health, as Li Yan's death has once again become a hot topic in major media, and even starts discussions on "SmilingDepression" (also known as "Smile Create").
Sunshine depression is not a professional medical term, but recently has been discussed in the network space. It mainly refers to the explicit personality and the positive image, and the lively and optimistic people suffer from depression. Emotional or delayed medical treatment leads to an intensified condition.
"Sunshine Melancholy"? 
According to the HEALTHLINE explanation of the American Medical Website, generally speaking, depression is connected with sadness, drowsiness and despair -such as the symptoms that cannot get up. But now, the manifestation of depression varies from person to person. The so -called "sunshine depression" refers to those who have a melancholy but look very happy or satisfied with those inner depression. Their public life and image are usually "combined together", and may even be normal or perfect for some people.
In addition, the typical depression is extremely low in energy, and it is difficult to get up in the morning. In smiling depression, the energy level may not be affected (unless a person is alone).
The health line emphasizes that the "Diagnosis and Statistics Manual of Psychiatric Diseases" in the medical community(DSM-5)"Smile Cormeration" has not been regarded as a formal disease name, but it may be diagnosed as severe depression symptoms with "atypical features".
[Li Yan, an international singer of Chinese music, lied, 48 years old] 48 years old](https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66117881) Social media and depression: self -report of patients Hanliu Idol Zhongye's Lesses Public Entertainment Circle depression attracted attention * Life choice: Why should we "abandon the pursuit of personal happiness" 
patient's signs 
Cui Zhongjun, a registered psychotherapist who has been practicing in Hong Kong for many years(Nastass tsuei)Tell BBC Chinese that the so -called Smiling depression can be said to be a high -function form of depression. The patient looks normal and performs well in daily life, but they may hide their true emotions to outsiders. The reason may be that the reason may be Its work has always been entertaining others. This is also part of their identity. Like many comedians in Hollywood, Robin Williams and Kim Kaarie are patients with depression.
The Psychological Health Center of the Taiwan Dong Foundation has recently pointed out through a press release that the World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that depression will become the first of the global disease burden in 2030. The press release says that depression can be said to be a "heart" cold. It is not different from gender, age, and wealth status, and whether it is sunny, vitality or introverted, it may suffer.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
American comedian Robin Williams died in 2014.
Cui Zhongjun told the BBC that according to many years of clinical observation, maintaining the image is very important for some patients with depression. Therefore, they are also good at hiding emotions, and it is difficult to be found by others to find that their mental health has problems, because patients may feel guilty because they have their own emotions: "Just like children who need to please in the abuse family to survive. They are good at hiding their emotions and pleasing their parents to avoid danger, but not that all patients with sunny depression come from abused families, but children who have difficulties will also be sensible, hide their emotions, and do not want their parents to worry about it. . Or some children who are not caring can only get friendship through funny, so I have been mocking myself, funny, and hiding their emotions. Many comedians are like this. "
In 2014, Professor Gordon Claridge, Department of Experimental Psychology, Oxford University Research 523 comedians from the United Kingdom, the United States and Australia (404 men, 119 women), Clarge said, "We have found unusual personality characteristics combinations, and these characteristics are contradictory." He found on the one hand. These people perform introverted and are prone to depression. "Maybe you will describe them with schizophrenia."
He said: "This is an unusual combination of personality characteristics ... Perhaps the extroverted personality characteristics of comedians are the way to solve inner depression. Of course, not all comedians adopt this way."
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Li Yan sang at the 2001 Oscar Golden Awards.
The "Healthy Online" website also emphasizes that people with sunny depression may look at it, like an active, strong individual, or a stable work, healthy social and family life. A happy person, but when they are experiencing depression, they continue to smile because they may feel that depression is a weak behavior, or they think that expressing their true feelings will have a burden on others. It's worse than you, what else can you complain. "
how to respond? 
A YouTuber "That Master" in Taiwan invited Li Yan to sing in 2019. As a senior fan of Li Yan, the master said at the time that Li Yan had a clear personality, like a "sun", warm fans and staff. A Taiwanese music industry who has worked with Li Yan also told the BBC reporter that Li Yan was diligent in work and was generous and kind to others. It was difficult to imagine that she would suffer from depression.
Cui Zhongjun told the BBC that if there are such patients around, what others can do are to treat them kindly: "Because they are good at covering up their feelings, we only need to be more sensitive and supported by our friends."
She added that it is important to see professional help if she realized that she might suffer from sunny depression. In addition, you can start learning and share feelings with friends, feel and pay attention to your needs, and learn to set up the boundary between yourself (including parents or partners) for yourself, treat yourself well: "You can also do some mindfulness exercises ( Mindfulpractices), or yoga, Tai Chi and other outdoor activities. These are physical activity that can soothe the nervous system and improve emotions. "
Cherish life, suicide cannot solve the problem, and life can definitely find a way out. 
If you have to consult or related assistance, please contact: 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/science-66162351 
In the southern United States, more than 50 million people encountered heat waves faced high temperature risks 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T08:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:35:04+00:00
Description: (AFP, Los Angeles, 10th) The southern United States was attacked by heat waves, and more than 50 million people from California and Texas to Florida faced the risks brought by high temperatures.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The National Weather Administration (NWS) warns that a large amount of hot air is hovering in several states in the southwest of the United States. The temperature in parts of Arizona, Nevada, and New Mexico may exceed 38 degrees Celsius.
The National Meteorological Administration has issued high -temperature warnings to Central and Southern California. The temperature expected to be as high as 44 degrees Celsius after tomorrow after Tomorrow, Los Angeles County.
The National Meteorological Administration warned that "the heat is the number one killer related to the weather", and also said that this "extreme high temperature can hardly be relieved overnight, which will affect all people who cannot effectively cool down and (or) supplement sufficient water. "".
Before the National Meteorological Administration released high -temperature warnings, preliminary data showed that the world's average temperature has refreshing historical records for 3 days last week.
According to the "climatereanalyzer" (climatereanalyzer "based on satellite data and computer simulation to measure the global climate according to satellite data and computer simulation, the average surface temperature on July 6 reached 17.23 degrees Celsius, a record high of unofficial statistics.
Climate scientists have issued alarm on the impact of global warming, and warn that 2023 will be the hottest year since records.
According to the National Meteorological Administration of Meteorological, Texas has undergone a long period of "Heat Dome", that is, the warm air is trapped in the atmosphere like a stream oven; 24 weather temperatures are 100 degrees (about 38 degrees Celsius).
The previous record was 23 consecutive days in 1994.
The National Meteorological Administration of Meteorological said: "It seems that there will be many days when Hua's temperature will break Baidu."
The National Meteorological Administration of Meteorological said that the high temperature in Arizona is expected to become "the longest heat waves, or one of the longest heat waves, depending on the measurement method."
So far, this area has 10 weather temperatures exceeding 43 degrees Celsius.
The New York Times reported that the assistance organizations of Tucson, Arizona, were sending ice cubes, bottled water and sports drinks.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%8D%97%E9%83%A8%E9%81%87%E7%83%AD%E6%B5%AA%E8%A2%AD%E5%87%BB-%E9%80%BE5000%E4%B8%87%E4%BA%BA%E9%9D%A2%E4%B8%B4%E9%AB%98%E6%B8%A9%E9%A3%8E%E9%99%A9 
China will introduce the provisions of generating artificial intelligence regulatory (Free Version) 
Authors: ['记者']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T08:07:52+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T03:43:99+08:00
Description: The new regulations will require enterprises to obtain permits from the relevant departments before launching the production of artificial intelligence. The focus of supervision will be the content of artificial intelligence.
Images: [" 000187138_pic... "]
Themes: ['人工智能', '关注']
Keywords: ['人工智能', '网络审查', '互联网', '监管', 'ChatGPT']
Type: Article
 China will introduce the generation of artificial intelligence(generative AI)Regulatory regulations. At present, Beijing is seeking a balance between encouraging local enterprises to develop this revolutionary technology and want to control its content.
Two people who are closely related to the Chinese regulatory agency said that the National Internet Information Office of the Internet Regulatory Institution (Cyberspace Administration ofchina (Cycles: Online Information Office) To establish a system, it is required that enterprises must first obtain a license to launch Generate artificial intelligence.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100215 
Mexico's wholesale market is suspected to have been arson and brewed nine people to die 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T08:14
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:23
Description: A wholesale market in central Mexico was suspected to have a fire attack, causing nine people to die. Agence France -Presse reported that the incident occurred on Monday (July 10) in the second largest CENTRAL De Abastos ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['墨西哥', '纵火', '批发市场']
A wholesale market in central Mexico was suspected to have a fire attack, causing nine people to die.
Agence France -Presse reported that the incident occurred on Monday (July 10) in the second largest CENTRAL DEABASTOS in the central city. The Mexican Procuratorate revealed that according to surveillance videos, the suspect holding weapons fell before the market fled the market and fell into something that was considered flammable liquid.
According to a statement issued by the authorities, the fire may involve commercial conflicts and cause "nine people died, eight of them were killed on the spot, and the other was seriously injured in the hospital."
Mayor of ####: Or the dispute between the vendor and the owner
Mayor of Troka told the local media that the fire may be caused by the dispute between market vendors and owners.
According to the authorities, there are about 26,000 visitors every day in the Abbastto Center market. Tonuka, the capital of Mexico, is the largest population in Mexican and the highest crime rate.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412643 
European stocks open up 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T08:32:06+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 11th) Following the stable performance of the Tokyo stock market in Japan, the opening of the major European stock markets has also risen today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to the news that the UK's unemployment rate is rising, the London FTSE 100 Index only rose slightly by 0.1%to 7277.22 points.
In the euro area, the Frankfurt DAX index rose 0.4%to 15735.21 points.
The Paris CAC 40 index rose 0.6%to 7186.57 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230711-%E6%AC%A7%E8%82%A1%E5%BC%80%E7%9B%98%E8%B5%B0%E9%AB%98 
Media: China will push new regulations to strengthen supervision and generate formula AI 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T08:35:00Z
Description: According to the British "Financial Times" report, China intends to tighten the draft standards proposed by AI earlier, stipulating that enterprises should first obtain licenses in order to issue related products. The analysis pointed out that this move shows that Beijing is trying to balance between scientific and technological development and content review.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['薄熙来', '专题报道：习近平访美', '中国共产党', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团', '毛泽东', '中国宪法修正案取消国家主席任期限制', '周永康', '习近平']
Keywords: ['人工智慧', 'AI', '网信办', '网络监管', '言论审查', '习近平']
Id: 66186355
The picture shows the International Public Safety Products Exhibition in June of this year-Beijing Ansko Association.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) "Financial Times" quoted people familiar with the matter on Tuesday (July 11) that the Chinese National Internet Information Office (Internet Information Office) intends to establish a system that stipulates that enterprises will publish a generating artificial intelligence (AI ) The system must be obtained before, and it is expected that the relevant regulations will be confirmed as soon as the end of this month.
The report pointed out that in the past few months, Baidu and Alibaba have contacted the regulatory unit to ensure that their products have not been illegal.
According to the report, this new regulatory regulations for AI China is trying to seek balance , Harmonize the contradiction between the two "cutting -edge technology" and "control information". A person related to the online information office said that Beijing is now "raising the flag": If you want to completely control and review the message generated by AI, you must stipulate that all enterprises have obtained government permission in advance; but in the competition of science and technology, they must Avoid curbing enterprise development.
According to the draft of the "Administrative Measures for the Genesis Artificial Intelligence Services" released by the Internet Information Office this year, related products should "comply with the requirements of laws and regulations", and the content of the generation should "reflect the core values of socialism](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中國推ai管理法-人工智慧也要姓黨/a-65275966)"; Service providers must submit their algorithms and security assessments to the government in accordance with the law, and should also take measures to avoid discrimination or" false information. "
"From the perspective of the Communist Party of China, a science and technology must be able to control it first." The research report on July 10, a researcher at the Carnegie International Peace Foundation, claimed that China's AI Regulatory specifications The primary goal is to shape technology to make it in line with the political agenda of the Communist Party of China, especially control information, and maintaining political and social stability.
According to British media reports, China intends to obtain a license before it is required to launch a production -based AI product. The picture shows the corner of Beijing Tiananmen Square. (Experience diagram)
Xiong Guangqing, a professor at the Law School of China University of Foreign Economics and Trade, wrote in the Beijing Daily on the 10th that although "too advanced legislation may hinder the development and innovation of technology", it is still necessary for the government to "establish clear technological research and development and use. Values".
In response to the latest control, the Cyber Information Office has not yet responded to the review request of the Financial Times.
After the American company OPENAI launched ChatGPT at the end of last year, Baidu, Alibaba , Shangtang Technology and other Chinese enterprises have published generation AI models. However, the service of the Chinese version of the chat robot is considered far away from the West Essence Baidu As an example, the founder Li Yanhong once admitted that it was not perfect; according to Reuters in March, after the actual test, it was found that although it can generate images and create ancient poems, it often refuses to answer the relevant Chinese President of China. Xi Jinping's question.
Mo Naiguang, who has served as a member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council as a representative of the information technology community, told DW in February: "In China, sometimes it is not just a question about how to reply, but Some questions should not even ask questions. Asked out Essence He pointed out that the AI system relies on a large amount of data training, but whether to let the system learn "sensitive information" will cause Chinese developers to be in dilemma; and China may be more concerned about how to build "more smarter in the technology to catch up with ChatGPT technically. Examination or filtering mechanism ".
AI Generation Map to capture the German photographer of the World Photography Award of the World Photography Award 
("Financial Times", Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/媒體：中國將推新規加強監管生成式ai/a-66186355?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Biden did not want to let Ukraine quickly join NATO test Western unity 
Author: Andrew Restuccia / Vivian Salama
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T08:45:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:45:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T07:01:00.000Z
Description: President Biden said that Ukraine has not yet prepared for joining NATO and warned that Ukraine's premature enrollment may trigger the Third World War.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
US President Biden(Joe Biden)In the past year, most of the past year is calling on the world to support Ukraine, providing a billions of dollars of assistance to this war -torn country, and strengthening the Ukrainian leader Zelezzki(Volodymyr Zelensky)Contact.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%8B%9C%E7%99%BB%E4%B8%8D%E6%84%BF%E8%AE%A9%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E8%BF%85%E9%80%9F%E5%8A%A0%E5%85%A5%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E8%80%83%E9%AA%8C%E8%A5%BF%E6%96%B9%E5%9B%A2%E7%BB%93-c4983c26 
NATO Summit: Turkey and Hungary expressed support, Sweden is about to become the 32nd member states 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T08:49:14.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:49:14.000Z
Description: The two -day NATO Summit opened on Tuesday in Vilnius in Lithuania. The application of Ukraine's enrollment was also an important issue on the agenda.
Images: [" _130344797_f3... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['瑞典', '土耳其', '北大西洋公约组织']
Type: Article
NATO Summit: Turkey and Hungary expressed support, Sweden is about to become the 32nd member states 
8:49 am on July 11, 2023![] Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
Turkish President Erdogan and Swedish Prime Minister Christensen shook hands under the gaze of NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said Turkish President Erdogan has agreed to support Sweden to join NATO. 
He said that Turkish leaders will submit applications from Sweden to their Chinese parliament and "ensure approval."
At the same time, Swedish Prime Minister Ulf Kristerson said: "I'm very happy, this is a good day in Sweden."
Turkey has previously accused Sweden accusing Sweden Kurdish militants and spent several months from applying for Sweden.
As one of the 31 member states in NATO, Turkey can reject the new countries that join NATO (the country that applies for joining NATO requires the approval of all member states).
US President Biden said he welcomed President Erdogan to "quickly approve" the commitment of the application.
"I am ready to cooperate with President Erdogan and Turkey to strengthen the defense and deterrence in the European-Atlantic region. I look forward to welcome Prime Minister Christen Song and Sweden to become our 32nd NATO allies," the White House issued a statement.
The German Foreign Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Annalena Baerbock, wrote on Twitter: "32 are, we are more secure together." RishiSunak, British Prime Minister, said that Sweden's joining will "" Let us be safer. "
After Turkish and Swedish leaders held talks in the capital of Lithuania, Stoltenberg announced the news on Monday night.
The Secretary -General of NATO claims that this is a "historic step", but emphasized that it is impossible to give a clear date for Sweden to join NATO because it depends on the Turkish Parliament.
In May last year, a few months after Russia invaded Ukraine, Sweden and its east neighbor Finland announced their intention to join NATO. Both countries have long -term neutral history. Finland officially joined in April this year.
Ukraine War: What did NATO do? How to join Sweden and Finland? * Finland and Sweden will be safer or more dangerous if you join NATO Europe? Stoltenberg said that Turkey and Sweden have resolved "reasonable and safe concerns of Turkey". To this end, Sweden amended the Constitution and Law, expanded the Kurdish Workers' Party(PKK)The counter -terrorism operation and restored the export of weapons to Türkiye.
Turkey and Hungary are the only two NATO members who have not yet approved the Swedish alliance.
Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said on Tuesday that the approved application for Sweden is now just a technical issue.
Earlier on Monday, President Erdogan also seemed to linked Turkey's support for Sweden to NATO, and the European Union and Akara restarted to join the EU negotiations.
EU officials quickly rejected the request, saying that these were two different issues.
NATO issued a statement later stated that Sweden will actively support the "revitalization of Turkey to join the EU process", which includes "EU-Turkish Tariffs Federation Modernization and Visa Liberation."
Turkey applied for the first time to join the European Union as early as 1987, but under the leadership of Erdogan, Turkey gradually moved towards authoritarianism, causing the process of entering the alliance to stop.
However, since Russia invaded Ukraine, Erdogan has also played a unique role -an influential NATO national leader in Moscow.
Last year, he helped promote the "Black Sea Grain Plan", which enabled Ukraine to export agricultural products from its port.
Although Russia has frequently threatened to withdraw, Turkey has been helping to maintain the plan.
But Turkey also angered the Kremlin because of providing armed drones to Ukraine.
Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
Ukrainian President Zellennki hopes that NATO will issue a "clear signal" on the application of Ukraine at the Vilnez Summit.
On the weekend, after the visit of Ukrainian President Zeleki, Turkey unexpectedly allowed five former Ukraine to fly back to Kiev, which also made Russian officials angry.
According to last year's prisoner exchange agreement, Russia hoped that these people would stay in Turkey until the end of the war.
The two -day NATO Peak opened on Tuesday in Vilnius in Lithuania. The application of Ukraine's enrollment will be an important issue on the agenda.
All NATO member states agreed that Ukraine could not join NATO during the war because it was worried that it would lead to a direct conflict with Russia with nuclear weapons.
Ukrainian President Zelei himself also said that he did not want to become a member state before the end of the war, but he hoped that the summit would send a "clear signal" to Ukraine's application.
Several NATO member states in Eastern Europe are urging their neighbors to join NATO, but other member states, including the United States and Germany, seem to be hesitant.
Russian President Putin spokesman Dmitrypeskov warned on Monday that Ukraine's joining NATO will "have a negative impact on the entire security architecture, as if it was destroyed in Europe."
Peskov said that Ukraine's joining the European Union will "absolute danger and threat to our country, which requires us to make a very firm and clear response."
NATO Summit: The prospect of Ukraine is attracted attention 
Image source, EPA-EFE/Rex/Shutterstock
NATO leaders gathered Lithuania to participate in the NATO Summit. The summit may determine the direction of the Ukrainian war and the future of this Western league.
31 member states hope to show Russia that they are determined to support Ukraine for a long time.
After giving up against Sweden to join NATO, they were welcomed. However, there are still differences in all parties for Ukraine's ambition to join the EU in the future.
Some allies are believed to promise new security to Kiev to prevent Russia from invasion in the future. They will also discuss the issues of providing more weapons and ammunition.At a two -day meeting, NATO leaders are expected to reach a new plan to protect NATO member states from Russian aggression by strengthening NATO's troops in Eastern Europe.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66162885 
Economic recovery continues to be weak, China is facing a shrinkage risk (Free Version) 
Author: Stella Yifan Xie
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T08:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-10T06:54:00.000Z
Description: After two months of weak growth, China ’s consumption inflation was flat in June, which made economists worry that the world’ s second largest economy was on the edge of currency. At the same time, China's PPI decline in June has further expanded.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济', '中国经济']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001041445
Type: Article
After two months of weak growth, China's consumption inflation in June was flat, which made economists worry that the world's second largest economy was on the edge of currency.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E5%A4%8D%E8%8B%8F%E6%8C%81%E7%BB%AD%E4%B9%8F%E5%8A%9B-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E9%9D%A2%E4%B8%B4%E9%80%9A%E7%BC%A9%E9%A3%8E%E9%99%A9-8988645 
BBC "Our World" documentary: Hong Kong, go and stay 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T08:52:22.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:52:22.000Z
Description: Since Beijing's 2020 "National Security Law" in Hong Kong, hundreds of thousands have left the city. The BBC "Our World" continued to track several Hong Kong people who stayed and moved to overseas to record how the changes in political and social atmosphere affected their lives.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['香港版国安法', '香港']
Type: Article
BBC "Our World" documentary: Hong Kong, go and stay 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-66162577/P0G064p7/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-66162577/p0g064p7/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials *** BBC "Our World" documentary: Hong Kong, go to Hedu and stay on July 11, 2023 at 8:52 in the morning
Since Beijing's 2020 "National Security Law" in Hong Kong, hundreds of thousands have left the city. Some criticisms have stated that the changes in Hong Kong have reached an incredible degree -democratic faction refers to the weapon that the National Security Law has been used as a snoring. Differential political red lines.
The BBC "Our World" continued to track several Hong Kong people who stayed and moved to overseas to record how the changes in political and social atmosphere affected their lives.
related information 
Hong Kong National Security Law seeks the sound and persistence of overseas Hong Kong people "exterior effect" * Hong Kong's "Counterfeit Middle" 4th Anniversary: Forbidden Books, Forbidden language, self -examination, and Hong Kong people are "re -educated" 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66162577 
Is it difficult to get rid of the Chinese property market in the peak season? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T08:56:00Z
Description: The Chinese real estate market continues to be downturn. Statistics show that in the past, June, which has been regarded as the peak sales season, still has poor performance in June. On Monday, the Central Bank of China and other departments announced a "financial support" property market.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['中央银行', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['中国', '楼市', '房地产', '央行', '房企', '建筑', '开工']
Id: 66186726
After China ended the Qing zero policy, the property market did not move towards the recovery.
(Voice of Germany in Chinese network) Data from various aspects show that the downward trend of the Chinese real estate market is still continuing. According to the surging news report, the data of the sales of real estate companies released by the Krier Real Estate Research Center at the end of last month showed that in June 2023, less than 30 % of the top 100 housing companies increased year -on -year. Only half of the enterprises. Nearly 600%of the top 60%of the real estate companies decreased by more than 30%year -on -year, of which 27 companies' performance decreased by more than 50%.
The report believes that real estate sales continued to be dull in June. Although the supply of 30 cities has rebounded, it has increased by 34%month -on -month. However, from the absolute scale, it still has a new low in the same period in the past five years. The overall transactions of first, second and third -tier cities have been decreased year -on -year, and Shenzhen alone is an exception.
The report of the Institute of Perspective Index also pointed out that the total sales amount of the total equity of the 100 housing companies in June was 363.6 billion yuan, a year -on -year decrease of 34.4%, which was basically the same as the month.
The slump of the housing market is also reflected in the construction industry. According to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, in the first five months of this year, the newly started construction area of houses decreased by 22.6%year-on-year, and the decrease of 1.4 percentage points from January-April. At present, the scale of houses is decreased. From January to May, the construction area of houses decreased by 6.2%year-on-year, and the decrease was expanded from the previous 4 months. From January to May, real estate development investment decreased by 7.2%year-on-year, and the decrease was expanded by 1 percentage point from January-April.
Where to adjust the housing price through tax collection? 
Cool down after rebound 
The "Securities Times" reported that one of the keys one of the key to new project development of real estate development enterprises and insufficient willingness to start construction is that the sales are not bad.
Since 2023, the Chinese property market has appeared in a wave of obvious [rebound] in February and March rebound However, with the release of the depressed housing demand during the epidemic sealing period, since April, the property market quickly cools down Essence In June, which is particularly important for semi -annual performance, in the past, housing companies will increase supply to promote sales, but this year is obviously insufficient. Guoxin Securities Research Report shows that in June this year, the supply of housing enterprises reached a new low in the past five years.
The China Real Estate Market Report released in the first half of the 2023 Chinese real estate market released last week that in the short term, when the sales repayment and financing have not significantly improved, the cash flow of real estate companies still face a large challenge, which directly restricts the start of the company's construction. , Investment enthusiasm, the difficulty of new construction and real estate development investment has now changed significantly.
The report pointed out that the current emotions of home buyers are still affected by multiple factors. Among them, residents 'income is expected to be weak, housing prices are expected to be strong, and buyers' concerns about the end of the house. The report believes that with the continuous weakening of the market in the second quarter, the policy of policy in the second half of the year is expected to increase. If the economy has exceeded expectations in the second half of the year, real estate as an economic "stabilizer", and the policy policy may accelerate the landing.
The Kerry Real Estate Research Center also believes that if there is no strong rescue policy in July, the overall new house transaction scale will still be stable at a low level.
Henan Rotten Tail House Project Endogenesis is difficult to collect 
The central bank extends "16 Finance" 
On Monday (July 10), the People's Bank of China and the State Financial Supervision and Administration Administration issued a notice to "related policies for the stable and healthy development of the financial support in the real estate market" (also known as 16 Finance ) The period is extended to the end of 2024. In November 2022, the Central Bank and the former Bank of China Insurance Regulatory Commission jointly issued a notice to keep real estate financing steadily and orderly, actively do a good job in financial services for insurance, cooperate with the risk disposal of housing companies, increase housing leasing financial support, etc. It clarified 16 support policies, and two of them stipulated the applicable period.
Market analysis believes that the extension of the policy will help further alleviate the pressure of housing enterprises, reduce the risk of financial institutions on loans of housing enterprises, promote the "preserved property", and boost confidence in the property market. The China Securities News reported that it was called "the benefits of real estate".
However, before, the Ehresearch analysis pointed out that it is not easy because the underlying layer of support demand, that is, the recovery of the macroeconomic economy, is difficult to show stable recovery in 2023. " Under the comprehensive effects of many factors such as saving savings, housing enterprises, and promotion of policies, it will be repaired within a period of time, and then re -enter the downlink range. "
The report of the middle finger research institute also concluded that under the current situation, the "old model" of Chinese housing companies' development is not sustainable. DominicBarton, chairman of the board of directors of the transnational mining giant Rio Tinto, talked about the challenges faced by the Chinese economy in an interview with Bloomberg. The real estate industry "is a big problem."
Shen Dong, a former member of the Beijing CPPCC, who has published memoirs and former Beijing CPPCC members in exile, believes that China's real estate industry has come to an end and has no possibility of rebound, which will also affect the trend of consumption. He recently accepted Voice of Germany It is pointed out that about 87%of Chinese people live in the house. If the real estate is going down now, the effect of wealth drama will be reduced. "87%of people see their wealth shrink. In this case, the consumer market cannot be mentioned."
"Red Gambling Disc" author Shen Dong: In Oxford Passover Fear(Comprehensive report) 
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/旺季不旺-中国楼市难脱困？/a-66186726?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Report: Tata Group is close to the acquisition of the Weichuang Indian iPhone assembly factory to reach an agreement (Free Version) 
Author: Jacques van Wersch
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T09:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T09:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T07:48:00.000Z
Description: Bloomberg quoted unnamed sources as saying that the Tata Group reached an agreement on the acquisition of Apple Supplier Shangwei Innovation Tongtong Co., Ltd., which will make the group the first Indian company to assemble iPhone in India.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Bloomberg(Bloomberg)Citing people who are not known as reports reports that Tata Group(Tata Group, TTA.YY)Near the acquisition of Apple Corporation(Apple,AAPL)Supplier Shangwei Innovation Tongtong Co., Ltd.(Wistron Corp.,3231.TW)The Indian factory reached an agreement, which will make the group the first Indian company to assemble the iPhone in India.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93-%E5%A1%94%E5%A1%94%E9%9B%86%E5%9B%A2%E6%8E%A5%E8%BF%91%E5%B0%B1%E6%94%B6%E8%B4%AD%E7%BA%AC%E5%88%9B%E5%8D%B0%E5%BA%A6iphone%E7%BB%84%E8%A3%85%E5%8E%82%E8%BE%BE%E6%88%90%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE-6a53fba7 
After Madona was discharged from the hospital, she appeared in Ping An: "On the way to recovery" 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T09:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T08:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New York, 10th) Madonna (Madonna), the American pop music, was hospitalized for infection due to bacterial infection. She cheered for the first time today after being discharged, saying that she was "on the way to recovery."
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The 64 -year -old superstar wrote in her personal social media post: "When I was awake at the hospital, the first thing I thought of was my child, and then I didn't want to let the people buying my tour tickets disappointed."
The disease forced Madonna to postpone 84 "The Celebration Tour" scheduled to start on July 15th, and the tour tickets were almost sold out.
Madona frankly said today: "The current focus is on good health, we must become stronger, and guarantee that they will meet you as soon as possible!"
She said that the current plan is to conduct a European tour at the original time, singing in London on October 14, and plans to extend the original US tour.
Shortly after Madona issued a statement, the ideal national performing arts (LIVENATION) of the concert organizer also confirmed that the North American tour date before October 8 will be "unfortunately postponed."
According to a photo posted by a host of an entertainment news PODCAST program, Madona appeared on the streets of New York last weekend with her friends last weekend.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E7%8E%9B%E4%B8%B9%E5%A8%9C%E5%87%BA%E9%99%A2%E5%90%8E%E9%A6%96%E5%8F%91%E6%96%87%E9%9C%B2%E9%9D%A2-%E6%8A%A5%E5%B9%B3%E5%AE%89-%E6%AD%A3%E5%9C%A8%E5%BA%B7%E5%A4%8D%E7%9A%84%E8%B7%AF%E4%B8%8A 
From trauma to freshmen: enter the South Korean Unified Court, which welcomes North Korea from North Korea 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-11T09:07:46.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T09:07:46.000Z
Description: BBC entered the unified hospital of Seoul to see how to help the North Korean North Korea from North Korea facing a new life.
Images: [" _130342594_de... ", " _130344055_bb... ", " _130344056_re... ", " 4978774e-5fe4... ", " _130344060_re... ", " 3b3bc63c-130c... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['朝鲜', '韩国']
Type: Article
From the trauma to the freshman: enter the South Korean Unified House, which welcomes the North Korea from North Korea 
9:07 am on July 11, 2023![] Image source, unification ministry
Image adding text,
The facilities of the South Korean Uniform Institute provide Korean refugees with various courses including cooking
A drive about two hours from the South Korean capital Seoul, in a village full of jungle hills and paddy fields, there is a building complex that looks incompatible. 
This multi -story building complex overlooking the surrounding rural areas, surrounded by high walls and door guards guarded by guards. This place is isolated, safe and secret.
It is both a training base and a medical facility, but also a re -education center. This is the place where North Korea was sent to South Korea for three months after arriving in South Korea.
Its name is "HANAWON", which is called "North Korea from the residents of the Settlement SUPPPPORTRTREFORTHKOREAN Refugees".
In recent years, the number of North Koreans who fled to South Korea through a difficult journey decreased significantly, and they risked the risk of death to escape to get rid of poverty and suppression.
Ten years ago, about 3,000 North Koreans arrived in South Korea each year. In that year, this number dropped to about 1,000 people, and during the new crown epidemic, as North Korea closed the border, it fell to less than 100.
Nevertheless, South Korea has reiterated not only to continue to open the unified house, but also expand facilities.
 Image source, unification ministry
Image adding text,
This isolated place has a area where technology products are displayed.
The Seoul government believes that as the North Korean side relaxes the control of the new crown epidemic, more North Koreans can escape. In that case, the unified home will be full again.
South Korea ’s unified minister, Quan Ningshi, said that South Korea needs to prepare to welcome these newcomers.
"Don't think of the northern people as aliens, but we must think of them as neighbors from the northern hometown," he said.
Those hedges, flowers and trimmed trees were very popular under the summer sun on Monday. The Korean government rarely allowed reporters to visit the facilities on this day.
We visited a training center that provided 22 courses for the northern people, including hairdressing, beauty, baking and clothing production, and so on.
A room is arranged as a nail shop, and the northern person is here to learn fine nail art. They use the model hand to practice coats, light and trimming.
 Image source, unification ministry
Image adding text,
The support center provides training courses such as manicure and beauty
There is also the aroma of baking, which floats from the cooking class next door.
Other courses are designed to help North Koreans adapt to the lives of this country. The technology here has decades than their country.
One of the classrooms is arranged as a small shop selling high -tech products. Tablet computers, smartphones and computers are placed on the booth.
The floor of another building looks like a modern hospital. There is a small ward, a clinic, and a doctor wearing a white robe.
Not only to take care of these North Korean people's physical needs, many people also have serious psychological problems when they come here, and need emergency assistance.
 BBC
 
Dr. Quan Zhenyong is a psychiatrist working in a unified hospital. He listened to the North Korean people in the facilities about some terrible trauma experiences.
He said that they had to deal with the pressure brought by the escape, as well as the continuous fear of being arrested and repatriated before arriving in South Korea.
Many people are difficult to overcome guilt. They leave their loved ones in North Korea and may never see each other again.
Some people suffer prejudice in South Korea, so they chose to conceal the facts from North Korea.
"My patient had lunch in a restaurant. At that time, the news of playing North Korea's launching missiles on TV," said the doctor.
"He was very uncomfortable, so he quickly left the restaurant after eating. He was worried that people would think if people know what he came from North Korea."
 Image source, unification ministry
Image adding text,
In the facility surrounded by the fence, there is a vocational training center.
In an interview with reporters, the three women who are now in the Unified Academy have revealed what difficulties they are trying to overcome.
They are afraid of their names, and they are referred to only A, B, and C. One of the women also hid behind a barrier to talk to us.
All three fled to China first, and then arrived in South Korea. They live better in China than in North Korea, but they are still full of anxiety and danger.
Ms. B said she failed to obtain a Chinese ID card, which means that she could not go to the hospital, cannot apply for a bank card, or even take a train.
Ms. C said her salary was only half of Chinese workers, because her situation made her unable to fight for more.
They also told that China ’s increasingly close monitoring network forced them to go to South Korea to seek asylum.
"When I decided to defect, I was not afraid of anything, because I was alone," Ms. A said, "but then I gave birth to a child in China, so I realized that I had no legal status."
All three women talked about their hopes for the future -and anxiety. One of them also said that she was even worried about paying taxes.
 BBC
 
"It wasn't until I graduated from the unified hospital that I really realized that I was safe," she said.
Ms. Jin said that the real education started after leaving the unified hospital.
"For all the people from the north, the first night outside was unforgettable. Finally, I came to Korea to make me feel relieved. I held my daughter and started crying -not because of my sadness or loneliness, but because of us Survive, "said the 49 -year -old lady.
Ms. Kim remembers how many Korean volunteers are treating her and helping her adapt to a new life in the first few weeks outside.
When she walked into her new home, they greeted her there, took her to see the surrounding shops, and helped her pay for the first taxi. She still keeps in touch with some of them.
Those who are still in the unified hospital will hope that they will have such a good ending.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66162912 
Zelei: Ukraine will join the NATO Pan Summit to provide a clear path 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T09:26
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T09:41
Description: Ukrainian President Zelei said on the eve of the NATO Summit that Ukraine would become a member of NATO and expect the summit to provide Ukraine with the "algorithm" to officially join NATO. Reuters reported that Zelei Sky said on Monday (July 10) in a routine video speech: "... ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '乌克兰', '北约', '美国', '泽连斯基']
Ukrainian President Zelei said on the eve of the NATO Summit that Ukraine would become a member of NATO and expect the summit to provide Ukraine with the "algorithm" to officially join NATO.
Reuters reported that Zelei Sky Monday (July 10) said in a routine video speech every night: "We are still studying words, that is, to confirm the specific wording, but we have understood the fact that Ukraine will join NATO's facts … We are trying to make the algorithm (algorithm) that obtains member qualifications as clear and fast as possible. "
The NATO Summit will be held in the capital of Lithuania from Tuesday (11th). The leaders of NATO member states will seek to overcome the differences in Ukraine to join the NATO issue at the meeting.
Foreign officials said that the above differences are shrinking. Although the NATO member states agreed that Kiev could not join NATO during the war, they were different from the speed and conditions of NATO after the war in Ukraine.
A diplomat in Europe told Reuters that NATO is still formulating a joint framework to pave the road for the long -term security guarantee of Kiev, and may announce the relevant news at the end of the NATO summit this week. The report also said that the focus on negotiations also includes what conditions to meet Ukraine to join NATO and how to track progress.
However, the United States and Germany have been cautious about joining Ukraine to join NATO. They are worried that any might be involved in NATO in a direct conflict with Russia, which has triggered global war.
A U.S. official revealed that U.S. President Biden will talk one -on -one talks with Zerrenzki at the NATO summit.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412655 
Six parties in New Zealand's White Island Volcano broke out, and the authorities were charged with safety missing authorities for trial 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T09:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T09:20:04+00:00
Description: (AFP, Wellington, 11th) The volcanic eruption in 2019 in New Zealand's White Island, the "huge explosion" devoured tourists, causing 22 people to die, many people burned seriously, and the trial of the relevant safety lack of related safety lacks Expand today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In December 2019, the White Island volcano broke out at New Zealand's popular tourist attractions. At that time, there were about 50 people on the island, most of which were Australian tourists.
The outbreak of the volcanic outbreak of the sea outside the North Island of New Zealand caused 22 people to die and dozens of people were seriously injured. After the volcano broke out, the authorities launched a large -scale medical action, allowing the wounded to enter the burning ward of New Australia for treatment.
Consolation lawyer Kristy McDonald told the Auckland District Court: "The volcanic outbreak also involves the Big Bang."
The 6 of the 6 tourism companies and White Island owners Whakaari Management Limited were controlled by violating hygiene and safety regulations before the disaster, but they both denied illegal.
McDonald said that the family business with Baimao earned about RMB 1 million (about NT $ 19.37 million) a year before the volcanic outbreak.
"They make a profit from every tourist on the white island."
However, she said that the management company did not properly evaluate the risks, provided personal protection equipment or established the evacuation route.
Related crimes will not lead to prison in prison, but if they are sentenced to crime, they may face a fine of 1.5 million yuan.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E7%BA%BD%E8%A5%BF%E5%85%B0%E7%99%BD%E5%B2%9B%E7%81%AB%E5%B1%B1%E7%88%86%E5%8F%916%E6%96%B9%E8%A2%AB%E6%8E%A7%E5%AE%89%E5%85%A8%E7%BC%BA%E5%A4%B1-%E5%BD%93%E5%B1%80%E5%BC%80%E5%BA%AD%E5%AE%A1%E7%90%86 
After obtaining the US fighter plane in Türkiye, Sweden agreed to join NATO 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T09:42:00Z
Description: Turkey has always wanted to get a new F-16 fighter aircraft. After Washington stated that after supporting Ankara's promotion of military reserve modernization, Erdogan agreed to Sweden to join NATO.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['瑞典', '埃尔多安', '土耳其', '安卡拉']
Keywords: ['土耳其', '安卡拉', '埃尔多安', '拜登', 'F-16', '瑞典']
Id: 66187449
Ankara's F-16 dream will be realized
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Using Sweden to enter the Alliance as a single Turkish Turkey on Monday evening (July 10) suddenly turned 180 degrees. Delivery the parliament.
On the same day, the US and Turkish Defense Ministers called on the phone. The Pentagon stated that Washington would support Ankara to promote the process of military modernization. According to this statement, the United States agrees to sell 40 new F-16 fighters to Turkey, as well as a full set of maintenance equipment that provides the existing American arms of the Turkish Air Force.
President Biden said on Monday night, "In order to strengthen the defense and deterrence in Europe and the Atlantic regions, I have been prepared to cooperate with President Erdogan and Turkey."
NATO member country Türkiye and Russia's "extramarital affairs" 
The US government's decision is not unsuccessful in domestic politics. BobamenEndez, chairman of the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has always opposed Washington's improvement in the improvement of Turkey, saying that Akara's human rights records and relations with Greece have all major problems. It also caused a very bad impact. Democratic Mernedes said he would continue to "retain" the Turkish military sales.
President Erdogan went to Vernis on Monday to participate in New NATO Summit Previously, it was agreed that Sweden was not involved between NATO and the purchase of US-made F-16 fighters. Generally, Erdogan will use the opportunity of the NATO summit to have a bilateral meeting with President Bayeng to further clarify the purchase of fighters.
Earlier on Monday, Erdogan said in Istanbul, Turkey can agree with Sweden to join NATO, but provided that the European Union must restart the Turkish league procedure. He said the "transaction" suggested that it will be officially proposed at the NATO summit held on Tuesday and Wednesday. He said that it is expected that the European Union will clear the obstacles on the road to the league, and only in this way, Turkey will flatten Sweden to join the road of NATO.(Agence France -Presse, Associated Press, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/土耳其获得美国战机后同意瑞典加入北约/a-66187449?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Biden supports the delivery of F-16 fighters to Turkey to support Turkey to join the European Union 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-11T09:52:44
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T09:52:44
Description: US National Security Consultant Jack Shalvin said that the United States supports Turkey's idea of joining the European Union. He also revealed that US President Joe Biden supported a plan to deliver the F-16 fighter to Turkey.
Images: [" RTSIGTXS-1683... ", " image-127-168... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '土耳其', '欧洲', '美国']
Type: Article
 Jack Salvin proposed 4 new features to US capitalism(Reuters)US National Security Consultant Jack Shalvin said that the United States supports Turkey's idea of joining the European Union. He also revealed that US President Joe Biden supported a plan to deliver the F-16 fighter to Turkey.
At a press conference held on the eve of the NATO Summit on the Cordland Capital Vilnis, Jack Salvin said that US President Joe Biden supported a plan to deliver the F-16 fighter to Turkey.
US President Biden also welcomed the President of Turkey -the latter promised to submit the association of Sweden to NATO to the parliament to be approved quickly.
The White House statement pointed out that President Biden would meet with Turkish President Erdogan during the NATO Summit. He also expressed his willingness to cooperate with Erdogan to strengthen the defense and deterrence in Europe-Atlantic. However, the statement did not disclose the final fate of the F-16 fighter trading.
In this context, Bob Mertaner, chairman of the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on the 10th that he was negotiating with the Bayeon government about suspending the future to sell F-16 fighter aircraft to Turkey.
Democratic Mer Nunr said in an interview that although he was still worried about Turkey's issues, he may still make a decision on suspension of the issue within next week.
Merinende also said that a method needs to be found to "strengthen Greece's security" and obtain "guarantee for future action measures."
 NATO Summit(news agency)
Turkey approval 
On the 10th, Turkey agreed to submit a commitment to Sweden to join NATO to the country's parliament on the 10th.
After a talks with Erdogan and the Swedish Prime Minister Christer, NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said, "I am glad to announce that President Erdogan has agreed to submit to the Turkish Parliament as soon as possible as soon as possible Sweden's assessment of the alliance and cooperation with it to ensure that it is approved. "He also added," This is a historic day. "
Stoltenberg said, "Completing the process of joining NATO in Sweden is a historic step. It is conducive to the security of all allies in NATO at the current critical moment and will make our entire collective stronger and secure."
Swedish Prime Minister Christong also welcomed Turkey's move, saying that Turkey's new position is "a great step."
Kristin said at a press conference, "We took a big step towards the direction of Sweden's joining NATO", "today is a good day for Sweden." He also expressed him for this. The approval is "extremely happy".
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/11/%e6%8b%9c%e7%99%bb%e6%94%af%e6%8c%81%e5%90%91%e5%9c%9f%e8%80%b3%e5%85%b6%e4%ba%a4%e4%bb%98f16%e6%88%98%e6%96%97%e6%9c%ba%e7%be%8e%e5%9b%bd%e6%94%af%e6%8c%81%e5%9c%9f%e8%80%b3%e5%85%b6%e5%8a%a0 
FREE Version (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Leng', '韩乐']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T09:56:34+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T05:51:99+08:00
Description: As China promotes the reform of "people -oriented" to achieve the goal of "common prosperity", the China Securities Regulatory Commission has promoted the rapid development of the financial service industry to reduce the rate.
Images: [" 000187145_pic... "]
Themes: ['资产管理', '关注']
Keywords: ['资产管理', '基金', '共同富裕', '中国股市']
Type: Article
 China's large fund management company adjusted the rates of thousands of common fund products on Monday, and quickly responded to the Chinese government's efforts to reduce the rate of reducing the rate of financial services in China to promote the rapid development of the domestic financial service industry.
Last weekend, the China Securities Regulatory Commission(CSRC)A statement was issued that it would promise that "guiding the public fund industry to carry out the reform of the proper and orderly rate mechanism in an orderly manner, and support public fund managers and other industry institutions to reasonably reduce funding rates."
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100217 
China has not announced the plan to boost the property market, and economists are expected 
Author: Cao Li / Rebecca Feng
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T10:01:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T10:01:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-10T23:57:00.000Z
Description: Some people have previously bet that the Chinese regulatory agency will vigorously boost the real estate industry that the country is in trouble, but their expectations have fallen on Monday, at least this is currently the case.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济', '中国经济']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Some people have previously bet that the Chinese regulatory agency will vigorously boost the real estate industry that the country is in trouble, but their expectations have fallen on Monday, at least this is currently the case.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%9C%AA%E5%AE%A3%E5%B8%83%E5%A4%A7%E4%B8%BE%E6%8F%90%E6%8C%AF%E6%A5%BC%E5%B8%82%E7%9A%84%E8%AE%A1%E5%88%92-%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E5%AD%A6%E5%AE%B6%E7%9A%84%E9%A2%84%E6%9C%9F%E8%90%BD%E7%A9%BA-82d5591c 
Microsoft has at least two hundred people, and the pace of layoffs in the technology industry has slowed down but has not ended (Free Version) 
Author: Adam Clark
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-11T10:07:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T10:07:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-11T09:31:00.000Z
Description: According to a document submitted to the local government of Washington, Microsoft will lay off at least 276 people. A new round of layoffs in Microsoft showed that the threat of layoffs continued to cover the technology industry.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
So far, technology stocks have performed very well this year. But the days of technology companies are not so good. Microsoft(Microsoft, MSFT) New round layoff It shows that the threat of layoffs continues to cover the technology industry.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%BE%AE%E8%BD%AF%E8%87%B3%E5%B0%91%E5%86%8D%E8%A3%81%E4%B8%A4%E7%99%BE%E4%BD%99%E4%BA%BA-%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80%E8%A1%8C%E4%B8%9A%E8%A3%81%E5%91%98%E6%AD%A5%E4%BC%90%E6%94%BE%E7%BC%93%E4%BD%86%E4%BB%8D%E6%9C%AA%E7%BB%93%E6%9D%9F-6fdccd8e 
North Korea calls U.S. military reconnaissance aircraft invading the exclusive economic zone of North Korea for many times 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T10:25
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T10:38
Description: North Korea claims that the US Air Force strategic reconnaissance aircraft has repeatedly infringed over the North Korean exclusive economic zone. Girl Kim Jong -un, the leader of North Korean leader, said in a speech on Tuesday (July 11) through a speech on Tuesday (July 11) that the US Air Force strategic reconnaissance aircraft was east of Weizhen County, South Korea ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['朝鲜', '美国', '金与正']
North Korea claims that the US Air Force strategic reconnaissance aircraft has repeatedly infringed over the North Korean exclusive economic zone.
The sister of the North Korean leader Kim Jong -un, Kim, said in a speech on Tuesday (July 11) in a speech on Tuesday (July 11) that the U.S. Air Force strategic reconnaissance aircraft passed more than 270 kilometers east of Weizhen County, South Korea to North Korea. Sichuan County's 430 kilometers east of this sea area has crossed the DPRK's maritime military division line. While infringing the North Korean exclusive economic zone, air reconnaissance was implemented in the eastern region.
Kim Kinzheng said that the North Korean Air Force fought with the Flying Drive from the US Air Force reconnaissance aircraft, but the reconnaissance aircraft was about 8:50 in the morning of the day. Air reconnaissance. North Korea also warned that such flights may be shot down.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that Jin and Zheng said that the North Korea would not directly respond to the US military's reconnaissance behavior over the exclusive economic zone. Action countermeasures.
Starting from the collar sea base line, any country can exercise the power of the exclusive economic zone within 200 nautical miles and enjoy the right to use this sea area and the bottom of the sea.
The U.S. Department of Defense responded earlier to clarify the US military's allegations that the US military infringed from North Korea, saying that the U.S. military complied with international law.
American State Department spokesman Miller urged North Korea to "avoid upgrading operations" at a regular press conference on Monday and once again called on North Korea to "start serious and sustainable diplomacy."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412666 
Where did Qin Gang go? Beijing: "Reasons for Health" absent 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T10:27:00Z
Description: Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang has not appeared publicly since June 25, causing external speculation. The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on July 11 that Qin Gang was absent from the ASEAN conference in Indonesia this week due to "health reasons". Earlier media reports said that Qin Gang was absent because of the diagnosis of new crown pneumonia, but the news was not confirmed by Chinese officials.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美', '东南亚国家联盟']
Keywords: ['秦刚', '中国外交', '东盟', '中美关系', '王毅']
Id: 66188018
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China said that Qin Gang was absent from the ASEAN meeting this week due to "health reasons"
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Wang Wenbin said at a regular press conference on Tuesday (July 11) that Wang Yi, director of the CPC Central Committee Foreign Affairs Office, will represent China to attend the ASEAN meeting held in Jakarta, Indonesia Essence This statement confirmed that Reuters quoted the report earlier, and Wang Yi replaced the Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang, who had disappeared for more than two weeks to attend the event.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin said that Qin Gang was unable to attend this week's meeting in Indonesia because of his "health reasons", but the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not further explain the specific reasons.
"Sing Tao Daily" reported earlier this week that Qin Gang has not appeared publicly in the past ten days because of the diagnosis of new crown pneumonia, but the news has not been officially confirmed by Chinese officials.
Last appearance was at the end of June 
Earlier, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not explain more about Qin Gang's whereabouts. When Wang Wenbin was asked last week that the US media "Politico" reported that it was speculated that Qin Gang or absent from foreign affairs due to health issues, Wang Wenbin only said, "I did not hear this situation. "".
57 -year -old Qin Gang replaced Wang Yi as a foreign minister in December last year His last public appearance was to meet with Sri Lanka, Russia and Vietnamese officials in Beijing on June 25 last month.
Qin Gang was a Chinese ambassador to the United States.
China -US officials ASEAN meet again 
The Southeast Asian National Alliance (ASEAN) has held the "ASEAN Regional Forum" in Indonesia on July 11. High -level diplomats in China, the United States, and Japan will also participate in a series of ASEAN countries' foreign ministers on Thursday (July 13). Wang Yi, who replaced Qin Gang this time, is the top -level diplomatic official of the Communist Party of China, and his level is higher than Qin Gang.
U.S. Secretary of State Brillings will also attend a meeting held in Jakarta this week. After meeting with Xi Jinping, Wang Yi and Qin Gang in Beijing last month This week's ASEAN meeting is another opportunity for the two countries to communicate with Washington, which is seeking stable US -China relations.
*#
What details are eye -catching? 
Don’t spread red carpet, just give the red line 
The trip to Beijing was the first visit to China in five years in the United States Secretary of State, and it was also the highest -level official to visit China after the Bayeng government came to power. However, when Brintken arrived at the Beijing Capital International Airport, there were no red carpets, no one presented flowers, and the Chinese officials who were present at the scene were Yang Tao, the director of the North American Oceania, which was relatively low -level. Interestingly, there are still a few red lines on the ground floor, and the photos on the scene just captured the moment when Brincayan stepped on the "red line". As Sino -US relations are in a historic trough, all of this seems to be symbolic. However, some experts pointed out that except for Hillary Clinton as a Secretary of State's visit to China in 2012, when the Chinese side paved the red carpet for her, when the U.S. Secretary of State Cry, Tillerson, and Pompeo arrived in China, there was no red carpet in the apron, and there was no red carpet. Essence
*#
What details are eye -catching? 

Blingken arrived in Beijing on the morning of June 18, arrived at the Diaoyutai State Guest House in the afternoon to talk with Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Qin Gang. However, "News Network" broadcast by CCTV on the 18th did not report the matter. Regarding Brillin and Qin Gang's 6 or 7 hours of talks, the Chinese official media Xinhua News Agency and others only reported the Chinese position that Qin Gang expressed with his teachings, but did not say anything. Xinhua News Agency said that Qin Gang said, "At present, Sino -US relations are at the lowest valley since the establishment of diplomatic relations", and emphasized that "the issue of Taiwan is the core of China's core interests", "it is also the most prominent risk."
*#
What details are eye -catching? 
Analysis: Pay the way for Xi Jinping to attend the San Francisco APEC Summit in November 
After talking with Qin Gang, Brinken wrote in Twitter that the two sides discussed how to manage the relationship between the two countries in charge through open communication channels. The U.S. State Department issued a statement stating that Brintken emphasized the importance of maintaining smooth communication channels on both sides and proposed to cooperate with China on some issues, but at the same time, the United States will continue to protect the interests of Americans and safeguard the rules -based international order. The Wall Street Journal had previously analyzed that one of the driving force for the recent recovery of dialogue in the United States and China was the Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit scheduled to be held in San Francisco in November. Beijing hopes that Chinese President Xi Jinping will attend the meeting and pave the way with US President Biden.
*#
What details are eye -catching? 
mask meaning 
As can be seen from the photos, the US delegations led by Brinken were led by the Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang and a member of the Central Political Bureau and the director of the Central Foreign Affairs Working Committee. The personnel were wearing a mask, and the US personnel also put on the mask "with the customs" in addition to Blink. In March of this year, the picture reached by Beijing AIDS reached an agreement showed that in the three -party talks, all officials did not wear a mask, which was in sharp contrast to the picture of Beijing officials now meeting with Bollingken.
*#
What details are eye -catching? 
suspense revealed 
What details are eye -catching? 
Blinger to complete the main goal of this trip 
According to usual, the US Secretary of State visits China, and Chinese leaders will meet with it. However, there are exceptions, such as when Plingken's former Pompeo visited China in October 2018, Xi Jinping did not see him. At that time, the Sino -US trade war had debuted, and US Vice President Pence had just delivered a tough speech on China. The relationship between the two sides was very tense. Today, Xi Jinping's visit to China after the Chinese balloon invaded the US led in the Great Hall of the People, which means that China and the United States will maintain high -level communication, and Brinken also reaches the "frankness, direct and direct, and directly, and directly announced by China to visit China. The main goal of constructive "discussion. During the talks, Xi Jinping was sitting in the middle, and the long tables on the left and right hands were sitting on Sino -US officials. Neither Xi Jinping and Brinken were wearing masks, and Qin Gang and Wang Yi, who had not wearing a mask during the meeting with Brinken, wore masks like other officials.
(Reuters, Sing Tao Daily)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/秦刚去哪儿了？北京：「健康原因」缺席/a-66188018?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Guangdong civil servants collective salary reduction by 25%? Officials have not stated their statements 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T10:40:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:14:19-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A staff member of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Branch is serving customers ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-11T10-40-00-04-00/000001.png) Agence France-France-France-France-France-France-France-France-A-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaODAO/JINGMAO/GT2-07112023083235.html/@stream]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/gt2-07112023083235.html/@@stream)In the past two days, many social platforms in China have rumored that the Guangdong Provincial Government announced the 25%of the collective salary reduction of civil servants, which has aroused heated discussion among netizens. As of Tuesday, the official did not respond publicly. People in Guangdong and other provinces disclosed that the salary reduction of civil servants in various places is an indisputable fact that the land fiscal revenue is reduced, even zero.
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank employees are dissatisfied with salary reduction and blessing, sitting protest Shanxi local government streamlined institutional layoff scholars: problems in finance [** The salary reduction of civil servants in many provinces of the coast is 30 % of the doctors in Yunnan.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/ql-06302022055912.html)In the past two days, various social platforms such as NetEase, Sina Weibo, and Zhihu reported that Guangdong's civil servants' collective salary reduction by 25%said that recently, the Guangdong Provincial People's Government held a press conference to announce the collective salary reduction of civil servants by 25%and confirmed Earlier folk rumors. Prior to this, many provinces across the country have lowered the salary of civil servants. Among them, Zhejiang salary reduction was 25%, Jiangsu salary reduction was 15%, and Fujian salary reduction was 20%. With the recent collective salary reduction of civil servants in Guangdong, the curtain of salary reduction of civil servants in other provinces will be opened one after another.
News from Netease said that Guangdong civil servants have a collective salary reduction by 25%. (Network picture/ancient pavilion provided) Many netizens commented on the above news and called on the government to publicize whether the salary of civil servants would be reduced by 25%, but the official never responded.
The government's land selling is difficult to cause land fiscal revenue to be affected 
John, a resident of Qingdao, Shandong, told this station on Tuesday (11th) that the salaries of civil servants in the early years of economic active areas are very high. Now the economic downturn, salary reduction is an inevitable trend: "Shandong, the salary itself has not risen. Zhejiang and Fujian, the salary of civil servants there has been rising. In Shandong, many of my classmates are civil servants. They have been complaining. They have not risen in seven or eight years, or even eight or nine years. "
Public opinion believes that the salary reduction of civil servants is because the government has relying on land -selling income to support the fiscal policy, so that it has no money to pay for salary. According to the preliminary estimation of the news circulated on the Internet and the documents that have been introduced in some areas, the monthly salary of civil servants with a monthly salary of approximately 12,000 yuan, including basic salary, performance salary, bonus, etc. , Decrease about 25%.
In the Pearl River Delta region, civil servants' monthly salary and bonuses have been welfare of about 15,000 yuan, and about 11,000 yuan after salary reduction, a decrease of about 27%. Shenzhen civil servants earn about 18,000 yuan per month, and about 13,000 yuan after salary reduction, a decrease of about 28%.
In this regard, many netizens pointed out that the salary of civil servants is too high, even if the salary reduction is still higher than the non -civil servant. Netizens wrote that even if the salary was reduced by 50 %, it was higher than ordinary people, and civil servants had "5 insurances and 2 gold", and it would be better than ordinary people.
Weibo netizens hotly discussed the salary reduction of civil servants, and some people believe that the salary of civil servants is too high. (Posted on Weibo/Guting) Civil servants in some areas in Shandong have not paid for several months 
John said that civil servants in some areas in Shandong have not received a salary for several months: "Many counties in Weifang have bankruptcy. Our local civil servants have my relatives at the grassroots level. From the Spring Festival to now, there is almost no salary.
John said that civil servants have gray income and are not worried that they will not receive wages for the time being, so there will be no resignation of civil servants.
Sun Qian, a resident of Nanjing, Jiangsu, told this station that Jiangsu civil servants decreased by 15%to 20%according to different departments: "Jiangsu salary reduction was also said to be 20%, but the opposition sound was relatively large. It is the composition of wages. The collective salary reduction of civil servants starts from 2020. The sound of opposition to salary reduction is relatively large and the resistance is relatively strong, so our local civil servants are not salary. "
In fact, civil servants in Shanghai, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Fujian, and Guangdong began to reduce their salary from the middle of last year, with different declines. Some public opinion believes that compared with non -civil servants, employees in the system have no impact on life if the salary reduction is not large, because civil servants have the benefits such as cheap meals and benefits from medical insurance, but companies do not have these treatment. Some netizens said that if they can be a civil servant, they can even make less money.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shuting Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/gt2-07112023083235.html 
Xi Jinping said that China and Russia have a good scholar: repair relationship 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T10:44:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T15:55:58-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On July 10, 2023, Chinese President Xi Jinping met with the chairman of the Russian Federal Committee Matteveyo in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. Reuters video screenshot Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/junshiwaijiao/hcm1-07112023092618.html/@@stream Chinese President Xi Jinping met with the visit to the Russian Federal Council of the Russian Federal Council on the day to reiterate that the two countries had "good intercourse", and the foundation of society and public opinion was more "firm". This is also the first time that after the changes in the Wagner of Russia, Xi Jinping made his first statement against China -Russia relations. Some scholars pointed out that because China did not support Putin for the first time, it was necessary to repair bilateral relations.
Li Shangfu meets the Russian Navy Chief Commander: Hope Normal Organization Co -Performing Playing * Qin Gang meets the Russian Vice Foreign Minister Moscow to maintain a "counter -terrorism action mechanism" ** Xi Jinping met with Russian Prime Minister China and Russia signed a economic and trade agreement According to the Chinese official media Xinhua.com, Xi Jinping said in the Beijing Great Hall of the People on the 10th that with the joint efforts of both parties, China -Russia relations have always maintained a healthy and stable development momentum, and cooperation in various fields has steadily advanced. The friendly social foundation and public opinion foundation of generations is stronger. He also mentioned that when he went to Russia in March this year for a state visit, he reached a new important consensus with Russian President Putin on deepening the comprehensive strategic cooperation between the two countries and pragmatic cooperation in various fields.
Xi Jinping said, "Developing Sino -Russian relations is a strategic choice based on the fundamental interests of the two countries and the people." "China is willing to continue with Russia to develop a new era of watching and helping, deep integration, pioneering innovation, and win -win results. Strategic Cooperation Partnership ".
 
Last month, Wagner, Russia(WagnerGroup)The group launched a mutiny, the Chinese side until the next day(June 25th)It was only for the first time in the evening that "this is Russia's internal affairs. As a friendly neighbor and a comprehensive strategic collaborative partner in the new era, China supports Russia to maintain stability of the country and achieve development and prosperity."
In an interview with current affairs commentators, Cai Shenkun said in an interview with this station that China ’s attitude was more ambiguous at the time and did not support Putin. Putin may be a little dissatisfied with China. Especially after seeing Putin's quickly controlling the situation and controlling military power, China ’s invitation to the Russian Speaker to visit China intends to repair the relationship with Putin.
"He must have a statement, invite this speaker, and put forward many praise languages to Russia, and it shows that he should stand with Russia. From this perspective, he cannot do without Russia." Cai Shenkun said.
"it(China)It was not surprising that it was not for the first time to support Russia. "Liu Xiaoxiang, an associate researcher at the National Security Research Institute of Taiwan's National Defense Safety Research Institute, told the station that China and Russia had issued a joint statement and held joint military exercises in the past to pass political signals to the outside world. The impression of the outside world "China -Russia Alliance". However, there is no mandatory obligation between each other to insert a knife for each other, or similar to collective security constraints.
Liu Xiaoxiang pointed out that Sino -Russian relations are the axis of authority. At present, this relationship is beneficial to both parties, but it is difficult to support each other to support each other: "They believe that the relationship between the two sides is surpassing the military alliance during the Cold War, but It will support the statement depending on the situation. As long as you do not have a burden on yourself, have no negative effects, do not spend the cost and do not drag yourself, you will make your statement, that is, LipService(Monaldo is not true)"" ".
Pass to Xi Jinping Putin Scholars: Russia still seek to be in China 
According to the Russian satellite news agency, Mattovyo told Xi Jinping that "Russia has reached an absolute consensus on the development of Russian -China relations." She also said that Russia -China cooperation is in line with the interests of the two countries and is getting more and more society and people. support. It is reported that "During the meeting, Matvitano conveyed the message of Russian President Putin to Xi Jinping."
Cai Shenkun pointed out that it is now Russia's demand in China, rather than China. "In this case, he only needs to show that he will continue to support Russia and maintain friendly relations with Russia. At least Russia will not turn his face at this stage." Cai Shenkun believes that the Russian and Ukraine War was in a glitched situation and how the ending was still unclear. However, even if Russia lost the Wudong war, it was difficult to conclude that Putin's fate was still concluded.
China Nantai expansion in the United States against Chinese influence 
On the other hand, Xi Jinping also met with Solomon Islands Prime Minister Sogovre on the same day.Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Chen Meihua Xu Shuting He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hcm1-07112023092618.html 
Meeting with Yelun is called "traitor" netizen: nationalism is the root cause 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T10:50:00Z
Description: Some Chinese female economists met with US Treasury Secretary Yellen, who visited China last weekend. This has caused some people to blame some people on Chinese social media Weibo, saying that they are rebelled and they are extreme feminist.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '纳粹罪行', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['中国', '民族主义', '汉奸', '卖国贼', '女经济学家', '耶伦', '女经济学者', '微博']
Id: 66188292
Yellen met with several Chinese female economists in Beijing
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) U.S. Treasury Secretary Yelun's visit to China on Sunday Lunch with six female economists in Beijing Essence There are some posts on Weibo that these female economists are accusing these female economists " traitor "
Reuters reported that one of the posts said that one of the participants Hao Jingfang "not only a traitor or an extreme feminist".
It is reported that Hao Jingfang responded on Weibo that someone asked her why she attended the meal, saying that "Yellen is the most friendly American official and is always committed to developing friendly Sino -US relations."
Some posts commented on this that Yelun has recently stated that national security is the primary, even if it will affect economic growth, saying that female economists attending the meal are "submitted names", which is the enemy and country. However, in the comments below the post, some people pointed out that this kind of pole thinking will make fewer and fewer friends, and the enemy is more.
Some people sighed: "Yellen and Chinese female economists eat. Look at the comments below. Really sighing. 'Female economists are almost a traitor thief'." Some people commented in the post: "Don't blame these people, every day Promote the mainstream public opinion of nationalism The root cause is. "
Ministry of Finance: The opportunity to communicate with people who "usually outside the policy structure" 
The U.S. embassy and consulate in China released on July 11 Yellen The speech at the Beijing Press Conference, the last paragraph: "Although facing challenges, our path is not destined." She mentioned that several Chinese female economists met. "Although these economists grew up on the other side of the ocean away from the United States, they had a lot of common in American economists with my career in my career: eager to engage in useful work, and created more for themselves, family and the world to create more A beautiful future. "Yellen said in his speech:" In the final analysis, what kind of path we take in bilateral relations are the choice of the two countries. I believe that the two countries must make the right choice for our people and the world. : Increase our common interests for peace and prosperity. "
Reuters reports that before a dinner with Chinese female economists, a senior official of the US Ministry of Finance said that Yellen, who was the first female chairman of the Federal Reserve, could take this opportunity to "interact with some people outside the usual policy structure". Essence
According to information published by the US Ministry of Finance, the participants discussed the opportunity of the Chinese economy and increasing the proportion of women in the employment market, including the proportion of leadership positions. Yellen said that women's participation in employment is an important driving force for pushing economic tolerance. She particularly emphasized that women's contribution in the field of economics helps economics research and policy formulation that can properly reflect the priority of society.
Reuters reports that more than ten years after Chinese President Xi Jinping has been appointed, the number of politics and high -level women in politics has declined, and the gender gap in the employment market has also increased.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/与耶伦会晤被称-汉奸-网友：民族主义是根源/a-66188292?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Sixty % of Chinese university graduates want to be an Internet celebrity 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T11:15:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T11:28:04-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chinese Social Media Network Red Grandma Ruanyaqing in a park in Beijing shoots a video for her Douyin channel Agence France -Presse information pictures. According to media reports such as China Official Media CCTV and Finance and Economics, Weibo recently announced by Weibo showing that more than 10,000 college graduates interviewed, more than 60%(61.6%) are considering Take the online celebrity live broadcast as employment. This data comes from the "China Network Performance Industry Development Report (2022-2023)". The report also shows that the market size of China's online performance (live broadcast and short video) last year reached RMB 199.2 billion; 150 million anchor accounts, the content creator account has a total of 1 billion. A talent development consultant at Xiamen University believes that young people's choice of live broadcast as a professional direction has a positive significance, indicating that the traditional class concept is being broken. The report also pointed out that some practitioners said that the good anchor income is relatively stable, but it is becoming more and more difficult to do. The income gap is large, of which 95%of them have a monthly income of less than 5,000 yuan. It is worth noting that the current unemployment rate of young people in China is also high. The latest data shows that the unemployment rate of young people from 16 to 24 in China in May is 20.8%. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-07112023111123.html 
Australia urges China and Solomon to open the police agreement 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T11:21:37-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T11:21:37-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the Solomon Islands Prime Minister Sogovre and Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang on the 10th witnessing the signing of the agreement in Beijing on the 10th. According to Reuters from Reuters, the Australian government called the Solomon Islands and the Chinese government on Tuesday (July 11) to urge them to immediately disclose the police cooperation plan of both parties. Worry. This police cooperation plan is one of the nine agreements signed by the Solomon Islands and China Monday. A spokesman for the Australian Ministry of Foreign Affairs pointed out in a statement that the Australian government is worried that the news will trigger a further regional competition. Last year, China and Solomon signed a security agreement, which caused Australian alert at that time. Australia was the largest assistant country in Solomon and traditional police partners. Ambition. However, in recent months, China has improved the police training in Solomon on the grounds that the security of the Pacific Games, which is about to be held in November. The Solomon Islands opposition leader also appealed to call for several agreements signed in Beijing on Monday. But the Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manassehsogavare said that the Solomon Islands is a sovereign country. Who they cooperate with others have nothing to do with others. Just on Tuesday, Wang Yi, a member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the director of the Central Foreign Affairs Office, attended the opening ceremony of the Solomon Islands in China in Beijing. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-07112023111646.html 
How do people from all over the world evaluate Putin, Zelei and NATO? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T11:26:00Z
Description: A survey shows that with the continuation of the Ukrainian war, interviewees around the world have a new low of trust in Russian leader Putin. However, in the two Asian countries, the interviewees' confidence in Putin has reached a record high. At the same time, the investigation showed that the public's views on Ukraine President Zeiski also mixed.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '北大西洋公约组织', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Id: 66188684
After the invasion of Ukraine in Russia, most of the countries in the country's views on Putin have reached a record low. The picture shows a man in Warsaw, Poland in March 2022, a man walked a poster wall with a large number of criticisms that criticized Putin's content
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) A survey report released by the Pedou Research Center on Monday (July 10) shows that the global view of Russia and its leader Putin is at a historical lowest point. After Russia's invasion of Ukraine, almost all the respondents of the country who were investigated hit Putin's view of Putin, and it further declined in 2023, especially in Germany, Israel and Spain.
The research conducted in 24 countries found that an average of 82%of respondents said they had little confidence or no confidence in Russian leaders "doing the right thing in international affairs".
Interviewees from 9 countries including Germany have a record low in Putin, from 14%in 2022 to 8%in 2023.
However, India and Indonesia respondents have reached a record high in Putin. Since the first proposal of the Pew Research Center in 2019, the proportion of Indians who have expressed confidence in the Russian president have increased by 17 percentage points. This ratio of Indonesia has increased by 7 percentage points, from 36%in 2019 to 43%in 2023.
In India, the interviewees' confidence in Putin reached a record high, an increase of 17 percentage points from 2019. The picture shows the June 2017 Indian Prime Minister Modi and Putin at the SCO Summit
Petoy also investigated the views of the President Zeiski, NATO and some NATO leaders.
More reading: 90 % of Americans are concerned about China -Russia relations 
The interviewees have mixed up with Zelleiski 
Compared with Putin, interviewees have mixed praise to Zellezki. Of the 24 countries, 51%of people have certain confidence in doing the right thing about Zelezzki in international affairs, and 39%said that they have little confidence or no confidence in the Ukrainian leader.
In Europe, Zelezzky enjoys a high reputation in the Netherlands, Sweden and Britain, but it is not in Greece, Hungary and Italy.
The public of the public in different regions of the President of Ukraine Zeelianzki has mixed opinions, and her confidence in his confidence varies from ideology.
Confidence in Zellegsky varies from ideology. In six countries including the United States, left -wing people have a higher degree of trust in him. Three -quarters of them trust Zelei Sky, and the trust of the right -wing people is only half. However, in Argentina, Greece, South Korea, and Spain, right -wing people show more confidence in him.
What about NATO? 
Since the invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, NATO (NATO) of Ukraine has been praised by 11 member states in the survey.
The Pew Research Center asked the public's views on NATO in some NATO member states (Poland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, the United States, Canada, France, Hungary, Spain, and Greece).
In these countries, 62%of the respondents have a positive view of NATO, and 31%of them have a negative view of the military alliance.
Researchers also found that Sweden's attitude is the most active, and 78%of people have a good opinion of NATO. Sweden is waiting to join NATO.
What are the performances of Biden, Macron and Schilde? 
Global President Biden, French President Macron and German Prime Minister Shulz His views are more positive than Putin.
Shawrtz's first year as German Prime Minister: What did he change? 
Of the 24 countries under investigation this spring, 54%of people have the ability to Biden to deal with international affairs Express confidence. Macron and Salz followed closely, with a degree of trust 50%and 49%, respectively.
Last year, a few NATO countries' confidence in Macron fell sharply. For example, Canadian interviewees have fallen by 16 percentage points of confidence in Macron, from 66%in 2022 to 50%in 2023.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/世界各地民众如何评价普京、泽连斯基和北约？/a-66188684?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
"Taiwan" did not add "China" Bulgari to apologize 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T11:27:18-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T11:27:18-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Taiwan, a famous jewelry brand Bulgari official website, logo in Taiwan. On Weibo, according to the China Official Media China News Network, in the store information of the famous jewelry brand Bulgari official website, Hong Kong and Macau added the word "China" before, and the word "China" was not added before Taiwan. The behavior caused questioning netizens on Tuesday (July 11). Soon, "Bulgari's official website suspected to list Taiwan as a country" was on Weibo hot search. That night, Bulgari China issued an apology statement through Weibo saying that Bulgari respected China's sovereignty and territorial integrity. As always, it was unwavering. The statement also said that the brand's official website on overseas official website was wrong due to negligence, and it was immediately corrected immediately after discovery. Speak apologize to the error!However, the Chinese official media seemed to be reluctant, and the official account of the "People's Daily" published a micro comment: "Bulgari apologized, a few words, full of desire to survive. Take the public. But netizens have different evaluations. Some netizens leave a message under the relevant news of Twitter and ironically that my appeal is that I do n’t engage in the Hong Kong and Macau Executive Zone. Since China wants a China, it ’s all China. Some people say that the five pink pink and five hairs are hungry and thirsty, and finally found a piece of meat, and a nest of bees rushed up. (Responsible: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-07112023112246.html 
Studies: Europe last year more than 61,000 people died in summer heat waves 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T11:33
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T11:33
Description: Studies have shown that last year's summer heat waves killed more than 61,000 people. Researchers have called for more measures to prevent more fatal heat waves expected in the next few years. Agence France -Presse reported that the international academic journal "Natural Medicine" published the above -mentioned research on Monday (July 10) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['研究', '热浪', '欧洲', '气候变暖', '全球暖化']
Studies have shown that last year's summer heat waves killed more than 61,000 people. Researchers have called for more measures to prevent more fatal heat waves expected in the next few years.
Agence France -Presse reported that the international academic journal "Natural Medicine" published the above research report on Monday (July 10).
Studies estimate that from May 30 to September 4 last year, the cause of death of about 6,672 people in Europe is related to high temperature. Among them, a particularly serious heat wave appeared from July 18th to 24th last year, causing more than 1,600 people to die. This study took advantage of the temperature and mortality data of 35 countries in Europe from 2015 to 2022, covering 543 million people.
The results of the study show that the efforts made by Europe in order to adapt to a hot world over the past decades cannot keep up with the pace of global warming.
Studies also show that France's temperature last summer was the same as the previous summer average temperature increased, an increase of 2.43 degrees Celsius; Italy had the largest number of people due to high temperature deaths at more than 18,000. Most of the died in the heat wave are elderly over 80 years old.
The main author of the research and research professor of the Barcelona Global Health Research Institute Palest said: "In an ideal society, no one should die at high temperature."
It is reported that the situation this summer is expected to be worse, because in addition to climate change, the first four years in the world will transition to the El Nino phenomenon for the first time, which will bring high temperature weather to many places around the world.
Studies estimate that unless effective measures are taken to protect people from the impact of rising temperatures, in 2030, more than 68,000 people in Europe will die due to high temperature due to high temperature.
The World Meteorological Organization said that preliminary data shows that the first week of July was the hottest week since the world's records. The land and ocean temperatures set a new high record, which has a potential impact on the ecosystem and the environment.
The World Meteorological Organization Climate Services Director Huiut said that the El Niopy phenomenon is expected to further exacerbate the heat waves of land and ocean, resulting in more extreme temperature and ocean heat waves. These effects will last until 2024. information.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412673 
Taiwan will hold an annual Hanguang Military exercise for the first time to collect civilian international airports 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T11:36:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:24:49-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On July 11, the Ministry of National Defense in Taiwan held a press conference to explain the planning plan of Hanguang No. 39 exercise. The picture shows Major General Lin Wenhuang, Director of the Joint Combat Planning Department of the Ministry of Defense. Reporter Xia Xiaohua Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaODAO/gangtai/hx 07112023094907.html/@stream On July 11, the Ministry of National Defense in Taiwan held a press conference to explain the upcoming Hanguang exercise practical practical exercise plan. The Taiwan military said that related exercises are mainly based on the experience of the Russian and Ukraine War and strengthen the military threats of countermeasures.
Taiwan "Hanguang Exercise" anti -airborne first move Taoyuan Airport for the first time Taiwan Hanguang Exercise will perform for the first time at Taoyuan Airport for a ban on navigation on July 26 Taiwan's annual Hanguang No. 39 actual soldiers will be held from July 24th to 28th. The three army real soldiers will cover subjects, electronics, network and cognitive operations. The 22 counties and cities in Taiwan will also conduct drills such as Wanan No. 46 air defense exercises, evacuation shelters, and victims.
Lin Wenhuang, Director of the Joint Combat Office of the Ministry of Defense in Taiwan, said at a press conference on the 11th: "It is mainly based on strengthening the military threat of the Communist Party of China and taking the experience of the Russian and Ukraine War. The combat scene. According to the threat of the enemy's criminal, the Ministry of United Ministry designed to determine, the release status and setting up imaginary enemies, induced the three military forces to save the drills by the Three Army forces, overall air defense, joint intercepting, land defense operations, and implementing them. Integrate the total power of the whole people, and then walk the operation of the combat plan as the main axis. "
Screenshot of the Ministry of Defense Hanguang 39 Exercise. (Provided by the Ministry of Defense in Taiwan) The Hanguang exercise will also be requisitioned for the first time, including the C-130H transport aircraft and F-16V fighter aircraft at Taitung Fengnian Airport on the 25th to verify the emergency take-off and landing, hanging, joint air defense, combat power and other combat tasks. The PLA invaded from the eastern and bus strokes; on the 26th, anti -aircraft landing was implemented at Taoyuan International Airport on the 26th; on the 27th, anti -landing operations, UN local defense operations and central defense were conducted in the Tamsui River, Bali Beach and Taipei Port.
Shu Xiaohuang, an associate researcher at the Institute of Political and Army and combat concepts of the National Defense Security Research Institute in Taiwan, accepted an interview and analysis of the Taiwan. Strategic places are quite close. It is not ruled out that the CCP may try to land on the beach of Zhuwei Beach in the future, and use the aircraft to reduce the Taoyuan Airport with aircraft. Shipping. Therefore, Taoyuan Airport has become very important. "
Shu Xiaohuang mentioned that in the past, it was trained at military airports. Military airports were stationed in troops and access control, which was familiar and convenient to soldiers. However, with the recent sexual harassment of the PLA in the eastern part of Taiwan, the outside world is worried that China will "turn back to the front" and implement stalls and landing in the east. The recruitment of civil airport combat airports, as well as more form of exercise at the Eastern Airport, should conduct relevant drills such as defense, reinforcement, reinforcement, and anti -force blockade in advance.
Screenshot of the Ministry of Defense Hanguang 39 Exercise. (Provided by the Ministry of Defense in Taiwan) Taiwan's Minister of Transportation Wang Guogu recently pointed out that the time affected by the Hanguang exercise at Taoyuan International Airport is from 9 am to 11 am on July 26th. There are about 65 off -landing flights for 2 hours. The international flight report will also be issued to control the surrounding airspace.
Taiwan's military expert Chen Guoming accepted an interview with this station that the past exercises focused on the Army. In fact, the Air Force had repeatedly simulated anti -aircraft deductions at all civil aviation airports, but they were not held because they were afraid of disturbing the people and interfere.
Chen Guoming: "This is the long -term laziness of the government and the military. Taking Singapore Changi Airport as an example, every two years and occasions, such as 2022 Air exhibitions, control the airspace for 2 hours, allow the exhibitors to perform performances. The quantity must be greater than Taoyuan. In the past, anti -aircraft downshift performances moved to the Qingquan Air Force Base for training. This assumption is wrong. The Communist Army may also airborne Taoyuan Airport. The guarantee of Quanyuan. "
** Simulation refinery has attacked the key facilities for the protection of Hanguang exercise.
Chen Guoming pointed out that this year's exercise is relatively different. Since March, the Marine Corps has been conducted in Jinshan, Yilan County, Yilan County, and Bali Bamboo Wait. Landing from the last time on the Lumu Beach Bank was the Hanguang exercise fifteen years ago. This time, the Marine Corps moved the landing field from Galu Hall to the north. This is a good thing.Taiwan media reported that the Taoyuan Refinery implemented a preview on the morning of the 10th to simulate the attacker to seize the oil source, and the defense formed multiple protective line confrontation. It is reported that President Tsai Ing -wen will be visually visited the "Key Infrastructure Safety" subjects such as the China Oil Refinery. But the military has not confirmed it.
Chen Guoming said: "It is expected that the three army of land, sea and air can no longer repeat the same subjects last year in the Hanguang exercise, otherwise it will be annoying. Encourage the military. "
As for the questions about the experience of the Russian and Uchia warfare exercises in the Hanguang exercise, Lin Wenhuang only said: "Under any situation, as long as it helps the national army's defense combat tasks, it will be included in . "When asked if the Hanguang exercise was included in the drone training, the Taiwan military said that there is usually a drone related training.
Military experts urges to include the drone project with the exercise of the Russian and UAVs. 
Shu Xiaohuang believes that the Russian and Ukraine war involved drones, counter -drone, long -range weapons strikes, etc., which has a reference significance for Chinese threats, especially drones are a new threat to Taiwan.
Shu Xiaohuang appealed that the army should be familiar with how to increase the combat capabilities of drone defense on the battlefield: "If the CCP uses drones in force in force, such as large drones threatened to fight against Taiwan, what is the significance? Login against Taiwan? What is the significance of the troops with a small drone? How to counter the prevention? How to resolve the threat of the drone against Taiwan? Future exercises must be included. "
Major General Sun Langfang, spokesman for the Ministry of National Defense in Taiwan. (Reporter Xia Xiaohua) Sun Langfang, a spokesman for the Ministry of National Defense in Taiwan, said that during the in the past, there were often many errors related to exercises and false information. For example, the sport's head of state escape, information that does not match the truth, etc., is to combat morale and differentiation of the people's unity. Sun Langfang called on the people of Taiwan to focus on the information of the national army or third -party checking platform.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting He Ping.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx-07112023094907.html 
Can Putin recover from Wagner's rebellion? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-11T11:53:05
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T11:53:05
Description: On June 24, when the armored vehicle of the Vagna Group rebelled the mercenaries to Moscow, Russia was nervous and the world was shocked.
Images: [" 1-1689075593.png ", " 1-1689075657.png ", " 1-1689075693.png ", " 1-1689075732.png ", " 1-1689075789.png "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯']
Type: Article
 (Peninsula TV)
On June 24, when the armored vehicle of the Vagna Group rebelled the mercenaries to Moscow, Russia was nervous and the world was shocked.
Led by the person in charge of the Wagner Group and the catering tycoon Yavigan Pleigo, thousands of soldiers resisted the Supreme Commander of Russia and worked hard to occupy a major city in the southwest of the country, and then Began to advance quickly to the capital.
President Vladimir Putin described the rebels as "traitors" on the national television station. At the same time, Pleigo denied that he was launching a military coup and claimed that his rebellion was a "justice parade". Stop the rebels, they shot down several military planes. Will Putin be overturned by the rebels he made? Will there be a gun battle on the red field?
In the evening, the direct threat to Putin had disappeared. Previously, under the mediation of Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko, the Kremlin and Perigo reached an agreement. Agree to exile to Belarus.
However, on July 6, Lukashenko announced that Pleigo returned to St. Petersburg, Russia. Although the details of the agreement between Putin and Wagner's leaders are unclear, Pricigen and his rebels seem to -seem to- At least at present -to escape any punishment, this fact may in turn affect the Russian leadership. The Kremlin said on July 10 that in fact, Putin even met Pleigen even after the mutiny.
So, to what extent the rebellion has weakened Putin's iron fist rule against Russia? Can he regain his cruel authority for more than 20 years? Or does the Britigen rebellion lays the foundation for the exemption of the former KGB? What would Russia look like in Putin era?
A brief answer: Analysts said that Putin is likely to be irregularly weakened due to attempted rebellion and his mild response. Although he may not face an imminent armed rebellion, early evidence shows that the rebellion may might be As a result, he lost the support of the Russian elite that has been supporting him so far. However, those who may replace the Russian president are unlikely to provide a candidate who is fundamentally freed to replace Putin.
 The person in charge of the Wagner Group Eveni Pleigo and Russian President Vladimir Putin (Associated Press)
"Putin is not so powerful" 
Historians pointed out that the rebellion of Russian officers accelerated the collapse of the system before. In 1917, in the last few days of the first World War, General Lavel Cornlov entered the then capital St. Petersburg. Bolshevik seized the regime. Another attempted coup in 1991 followed, and the Soviet Union disintegrated.
Of course, modern Russia is already a very different place compared to a century ago, or even 32 years ago, but it can be said that it is still fragile.
Until recently, on the one hand, Putin can maintain a subtle balance between the rule of military, commercial tycoon, intelligence officials and other interest groups, and on the other hand, allowing them to have a certain degree of autonomy -just like the king and his lord Same.
The rebellion of Porigan broke this balance.
Constantor, a professor at the University of Chicago and a professor at the University of Chicago, said, "The rebellion shows that Putin's control of power is not as powerful as people generally think," and added, "Other political participants talk to Vagna and speak with Putin. The response is very slow. If Purigor is more decisive, the elites may change to Putin. "
Since the invasion of Ukraine last year, the guess of the Russian elite will have been circulating. This may be the wishful wish of some people in the West. The severe sanctions in the West will exclude Russia from most of the global economy. A leaked call meeting showed that many people were dissatisfied with the losses caused by Putin's war in private.
As Russia's suspected war in Ukraine has continued to increase, and Putin was sued by the Hague International Criminal Court (ICC), others would worry about being considered to be the same.
Analysts said that the rebellion of Pryigo showed that participants with sufficient influence can and are willing to come forward for themselves. The armed rebellion has not been completely suppressed, but has reached a solution through negotiations. This fact is others for others. Try to provide the possibility in the same approach.
"The elites don't understand what measures are taking this situation in the future," said So far, his response to the crisis looks weak. "
 On Monday, August 1, 2022, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mashass Beijing kept silent on the phone (Associated Press)
cracks appear 
After the attempted coup, many local leaders across Russia immediately recorded the news and reiterated their support for Putin, while the president himself praised the army to avoid the civil war -although it was unclear what the army did.
However, the Kremlin insisted on the unity of Russia's leadership to support Putin, but the evidence revealed the loopholes of this statement.
Politicians Alexander Djejiecic said: "I believe that when Putin needs support, the laziness of the elites can explain the problem." He also added, "Among the 83 regions of Russia, public speeches support Putin to support Putin There are no more than 10 governors. "
Djokic pointed out that Moscow Governor Sergey Sobyaning and Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mashassjing were completely silent during the mutiny.
"We see oligarchs such as Vladimir Potanin and Alkadi Rottenberg, which are closely related to Putin, like Vladimir Potinin and Alcadi Rottenberg, and immediately leave the country." Potanin is Russia. The second richest person reached $ 23 billion, while Rotberg, who rely on the construction industry, is Putin's front judo partner.
"We must understand that the Putin Elite's rational and technical bureaucracy parts have not been dislocated because of Russia's lack of democracy, infringement of human rights or Ukrainian warfare -they are worried that they will no longer have Putin to own A safe future, "he also added," Porigo's move will only deepen this feeling. "
In this context, historians Andrev, a recent interview with the Vertska website, predicts that Moscow is about to change power and may occur within a few months or even weeks.
However, other analysts believe that the potential challengers among Russian elites need to consider a more complicated plan before risky risks with Putin.
Another coup will happen? 
Among the rich and influential Russians, the frustration of Putin and the concerns of whether he can still protect their interests is true.
Safety expert Mark Galeti wrote in the magazine of "Viewers" that most of them were composed of Putin's core circle -most of them were composed of former KGB officials. The relationship with Putinism is not because of any ideology, but because it is the easiest way to succeed. Now they are failed.
Ignatov said, "Putin tried to describe the rebellion as an isolated incident, which was explained by Porigen's own personality rather than a systematic problem."
Ignatov added that, although few people believed this narrative, "this does not mean that his power is threatened."
As a political scientist Illia Mattivayev pointed out in "The Mystery of Russia", many people have not been sanctioned by personal sanctions. For those who are facing Western sanctions, there is no clear way. Delete in the blacklist, which suppresses discord.
Analysts said that, like the attempted rebellion itself, Putin worried is that the Wagner militants easily control the Rostov military headquarters because this may indicate that Pricigen has sympathy in the army, and the New York Times quotes American intelligence. According to officials, at least some Russian security departments knew the conspiracy of the rebellion. The Russian Air Heavenly Army Commander Sergei Surovin had not appeared in public for several days, and it was reported that it was detained.
Ignatov said, "Some people seem to know but do nothing, and (and) some people do not know, observe, but do not take any action." He also added that "Porigen has a wide range of extensive ones in the elite class. Human connections, he can discuss his dissatisfaction and his plans with many people. I think that some military and federal security bureau's leadership cannot know this. "
Nevertheless, no one defected to Wagner, Wagner was the most important armed organization in addition to the Kremlin's direct control at the time. Galei said that although there were other quasi -military forces, even the Russian Aerospace Agency, there was one Can't compare.
He told Peninsula TV, "Putin has not faced any imminent armed threats -the only power that has the required quantity and freedom of action is (Chechen leader Ramzan) Cadrov's army. This is what Chechen people are generally worried. They will not run into Moscow as easily as Wagner, "he also added." The real threat to Putin is not that the military will oppose him, but that they will not support him in the future crisis. "
The division between this elite is a common factor behind the so -called "color revolution" of other former Soviet countries. This is also the way protesters can resist national security suppression.
But what is Putin's attractiveness among the masses?
"In the cities that Wagner's control or entering Moscow," said, people's silence said, which shows that Wagner's career has been acquired, "he added," maybe, this also shows his dissatisfaction with Putin's leadership. "
Although Putin has been in power for nearly a quarter of a century, the struggle between the Ukraine War and Russia may become a turning point for many Putin supporters.
Ignatov said, "Russian society needs a powerful, attractive and dictatorship leader. He can solve the war and restore Russian citizens' pride in the army and the country," he added. "This is Putin now The request that cannot be met, and for him, this will become a bigger and bigger problem. "
 Russian President Vladimir Putin attended the ceremony of commemorating the 82nd anniversary of the Nazi Germany in Moscow, Russia in Moscow, Russia on Thursday, 2023, standing at Crimean (Crimea (Crimea (Crimea (Crimean Cities) Previous Institute (Associated Press)
Russia in Putin era? 
The increasingly frequent cross -border invasion of Ukraine, including the invasion of the Russian Right Militia, which fought for Kiev, disrupted the sense of security of the Russians under Putin's leadership. And order authority.
Because the Ukrainian war was regarded by his supporters as a war about life and death, what would happen if the Russian army was defeated on the battlefield?
"If Putin obviously does not sign a new Minsk agreement to get rid of the war, if Putin obviously does not sign a new Minsk agreement. Consequences. "The Minsk Agreement was signed in 2014 to end the war between Ukraine and the militia supported by Ukraine and Russia.
Djokic added that "this will be the perfect turning point of the elites to prevent the upgrades of another factional and war upgrades," this may exacerbate Putin's efforts to "find a true peaceful negotiation".
Djakch said that the economic collapse may also force the extensive Russian elite to make such a reaction.
It is not clear whether Putin's rule will end, and it will fundamentally change Russia's political direction at any time.
Zubafu and others predict that once the elite class will oppose Putin, it will lead to the end of the war, and it may also lead to Russia's liberalization.
Others do not believe those who can take power just waiting for the secret pigeons that show high wings. Pricig is positioned as a more eagle than Putin, complaining that the war is not fierce enough. Will the factions be in power?
Ignatov said, "The liberals mostly come from Russia. They have chaotic organizations and have a limited influence on the country's incidents," he added. "Those people in the country will win. We can imagine a security force. The new alliance of technical bureaucrats, or the alliance of security forces and radical war supporters. "
Nevertheless, the next group of Russian leaders may take a more pragmatic attitude towards Ukraine and confrontation with the West.
Soning said, "I don't think Liberals can win alone," he said and added. "However, any new leader may need to build a wide range of alliance dependence. Therefore, it is necessary to The power to make a major concession. "
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/7/11/%e6%99%ae%e4%ba%ac%e8%83%bd%e5%90%a6%e4%bb%8e%e7%93%a6%e6%a0%bc%e7%ba%b3%e5%8f%9b%e5%8f%98%e4%b8%ad%e6%81%a2%e5%a4%8d%e8%bf%87%e6%9d%a5 
International Energy Agency: Global Investment in key minerals (Free Version) 
Authors: ['哈里•邓普西']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-11T11:58:33+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-10T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T07:57:99+08:00
Description: The International Energy Agency warns that the supply of mineral resources may affect the progress of clean energy transformation. In the processing link of key minerals, the global dependence on a few countries has further increased.
Images: [" 000187165_pic... "]
Themes: ['采矿', '关注']
Keywords: ['采矿', '锂', '镍', '钴', '金属', '可再生能源', '绿色经济', '供应链', '气候变化']
Type: Article
 International Energy Agency(IEA)It is said that the increasing investment in key minerals is commensurate with the global clean energy transformation, but the agency warns that the efforts of decentralized lithium, nickel, and cobalt supply sources have stagnated.
The headquarters in Paris said that on the basis of 2021, the investment used to develop key minerals last year increased by 30%to more than $ 40 billion. China's surge has led to the growth of such investment, which has caused the following concerns: Beijing will expand its control over certain product markets.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100218 
Asian stocks rose more 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T11:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 11th) The Asian stock market has raised more today. Hong Kong and Shanghai stock markets have taken measures to support the real estate industry due to measures, and the authorities have promised to further boost the economy.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Hong Kong stocks have once again become one of the best stock markets. Beijing yesterday imposed a huge fine on Financial Technology Ant Group and Tenpay, and hinted that the supervision and rectification of the industry was about to end, and technology stocks took the lead in rising.
The Chinese authorities urged banks and other financial institutions to re -negotiate loan conditions yesterday to provide more loose conditions for developers in trouble to ensure the delivery of houses under construction.
China Financial Official Media reported today that Beijing may take more housing market support measures and measure measures to boost corporate confidence.
China's huge real estate industry is in trouble under the pressure of huge debt, and some companies such as Evergrande Group are on the verge of bankruptcy.
This crisis not only caused the world's second largest economy in China, but also dragged down global economic growth. The chairman of the Australian mining giant Rio Tinto warned this week that this would have a chain reaction to the commodity industry.
Hong Kong, Shanghai, Sydney, Seoul, Singapore, Taipei, Manila and Jakarta have all risen; the Tokyo stock market has raised slightly. Bangkok and Wellington's stock market closed down.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230711-%E4%BA%9A%E8%82%A1%E6%B6%A8%E5%A4%9A%E8%B7%8C%E5%B0%91 
Lithuania's tough stance on China may be a potential vane of NATO Indo -Pacific policy 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (孙承)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:06:26+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 04:06:26Z
Description: NATO will hold a summit at Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania from July 11th to 12th. As the summit was about to be held, the hosted National Palaria announced a Indo -Pacific strategy last week. It rarely criticized China in European countries and even made it clear for China. "Its tough position is considered to be a potential vane that may be the trend of NATO policy in the future.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['全球议题', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/lithuania-indo-pacific-strategy-china-20230711/7175496.html 
709 Corporation 2.0 Edition of the international community calls on China to repress the human rights lawyer again 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:15:53-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:15:53-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 More than 20 international people jointly issued a statement(Picture showing part of the content)In opposition to China to suppress human rights lawyers again, and pointed out that the suppression is evolving into a 709 lawyer's arrest case 2.0. The Rights Protection Network is based on the news of the Rights Protection Network. More than 20 international people including Human Rights Observation, American Pen Association, Humanitarian China, and the Professor of New York University Law School, including Kong Jierong, jointly issued a statement to oppose China to suppress human rights lawyers again and point out this. The suppression is evolving into version 2.0 in the 709 Lawyer Congress. The statement pointed out that the Chinese government has launched a new round of waves of human rights lawyers in the past three months. This includes: in April, Ding Jiaxi and Xu Zhiyong were sentenced to 12 years and 14 years in prison for "subversion of state power". They attended a private party in Xiamen in December 2019 to discuss the future of Chinese democracy. Xu Zhiyong's girlfriend and female activist Li Qiaochu was recently tried behind closed doors for "inciting the crime of subverting the state power". Another Xiamen party participant Chang Weiping was sentenced to three and a half years in prison for similar crimes on June 8. Lawyer Yu Wensheng and his wife Xu Yan were detained on the way to Beijing to attend the EU delegation in April. Since then, the two have been formally arrested. Yu Wensheng's charges were "provoking trouble", and Xu Yan's charges were "inciting subversion of state power." In addition, the famous Hong Kong lawyers Zou Xingtong, He Junren, and Wu Yiyi are currently waiting for trial due to their human rights work because of their human rights work. At the same time, Lawyer Wang Quanzhang and his family were forced to move 13 times in Beijing for two months. The family was often harassed and threatened by home, and electricity and gas were also cut off. Lawyer Bao Longjun was blocked by the unknown persons and could not go out. Lawyer Zhou Shifeng was released after the seventh year in November 2022, but because the national authorities increased their pressure and surveillance, he left Beijing in May. The statement appealed: ending the suppression of human rights lawyers and rights protection; immediately unprepared all those who were arbitrarily detained; modified laws and regulations, including national security legislation, criminal law, and criminal procedure law, which fully complied with international human rights standards; With this purpose, it will cooperate with the United Nations human rights agencies. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-07112023121531.html 
Before serving in prison for sexual assault, the American Gymnastics Team was stabbed in the medical team of the American gymnastics team 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:16
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:23
Description: The former American gymnastic team doctor Nasar, who was serving the crime of sexual assault, was stabbed by another prisoner. The current situation is stable. American media quoted sources as a reporter that 59 -year -old Larry Nassar (July 9th) at 2:30 pm on Sunday (July 9) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '体操', '医生', '监狱']
The former American gymnastic team doctor Nasar, who was serving the crime of sexual assault, was stabbed by another prisoner. The current situation is stable.
US media quoted sources as reports that 59 -year -old Larrynassar (Larrynassar) in Florida was stabbed at least 10 times on Sunday (July 9) in prison at about 2:30 pm. Neck, back and chest.
The authorities told the Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) that the prison officials at the scene after the incident immediately performed first aid for the injured, and then he was sent to the hospital for treatment.
According to reports, Nasal's situation was stable on Monday (10th). The authorities have launched an internal investigation, and no staff or other prisoners were injured during the incident.
In 2018, Nasar was sentenced to 175 years of prison for sexual assault Essence At that time, come forward to accuse Nasar's aesthetic player Including the four gold medals in the Olympic Games Simonie Bayers (Simone Biles), McCara Marsi And Ali Rezman and others.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412679 
China is entering the shrinkage? Double weakness at home and abroad 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:30:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:30:50-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows a factory in Ninghai in Ninghai, Zhejiang Province. Chinese manufacturers are facing the dilemma of decline in profit. Reuters Information Picture According to the Wall Street Journal, McGol, the largest bank group in Australia(Macquarie Group)Chief Chinese Economist Hu Weijun(Larryhu)It is believed that China is facing major pressure pressure. According to the data released by the National Bureau of Statistics on Monday (July 10), in the Chinese manufacturing industry that has been shrinking, the industrial producer's factory price index (PPI) in June decreased by 5.4%year -on -year, which is the largest decline since December 2015. It is also a year -on -year decline in the ninth consecutive month, which shows that both domestic and foreign demand is weak. The report emphasized that the Chinese economy is facing a double impact. One is that the Chinese economic recovery is stagnant, and the other is that the central bank of the Western countries in the West has suppressed consumer expenditure. In addition, although China has relaxed its restrictions on the real estate market, the momentum of recovery in the housing market is declining. Some economists believe that the Chinese economy has had structural problems after the three -year epidemic prevention and control, and household assets and liabilities have deteriorated, which has suppressed consumer expenditure. The core inflation rate in China decreased from 0.6%in May to 0.4%in May, which reflects the sluggish demand for goods and services. Economists are calling for more ways to stimulate people's consumption and raise corporate confidence. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-07112023121652.html 
White House: NATO will plan to enter the League for Ukraine, but no time table 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Vilnius, 11th) The North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) is holding a summit in Lithuania. US White House National Security Consultant Jake Sullivan said today that NATO will plan a "road to reform" for Ukraine so that Ukraine can eventually enter the alliance.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that Sulwin told reporters at the summit of Lithuania's capital Vilnius that NATO will plan "the road to reform of Ukraine", but "I can't give a timetable"; Biden will meet with Ukraine President Volodymyrzlenskyy tomorrow.
After Russia invaded Ukraine in February last year, Western countries have supported Ukraine, but Su Lvin said that NATO cannot immediately accept Ukraine, because the Russian and Ukraine War has not yet ended. Once Ukraine joins, it will "let NATO be involved in the war with Russia". Essence
Sulvin mentioned that for Ukraine's goal of joining NATO, all parties released "a lot of goodwill" at this summit. "What is the problem?" What is the way to follow? "
He said, "I think everyone can reach a full understanding."
In addition, NATO member states are also discussing. In addition to the large number of aids provided by Ukraine's counterattacks, which specific temporary security measures can be launched.
Sulvin said that Biden and Zeroresky talked about the issue when they met tomorrow.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E7%99%BD%E5%AE%AB-%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E5%B0%86%E4%B8%BA%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E8%A7%84%E5%88%92%E5%85%A5%E7%9B%9F%E4%B9%8B%E8%B7%AF-%E4%BD%86%E6%97%A0%E6%97%B6%E9%97%B4%E8%A1%A8 
Rain rain in southwestern Japan may cause six deaths 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T12:55
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:55
Description: The heavy rain in Kyushu in southwestern Japan became a disaster. The landslides and floods caused by heavy rain caused up to six people to die, and the three disappeared. Comprehensive foreign news reports, the Japanese government spokesman said on Tuesday (July 11) that at least three people died in this heavy rain, and the authorities were investigating the other three ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '暴雨', '山体滑坡', '救援']
The heavy rain in Kyushu in southwestern Japan became a disaster. The landslides and floods caused by heavy rain caused up to six people to die, and the three disappeared.
According to a comprehensive foreign news report, the Japanese government spokesman said on Tuesday (July 11) that at least three people died in this heavy rain, and the authorities were investigating whether the death of the other three was related to the natural disaster. The other three disappeared, and the two were suffered slightly.
Some local remote areas are still isolated from the outside world due to floods and other damage, but the authorities have confirmed the safety of people affected by people.
As of Tuesday morning, the transportation was still affected. Some train services were interrupted, highways were blocked, and 1,400 households were powered off.
In Tangjin, Saga Prefecture, Kyushu, after a landslide occurred, the Japanese Self -Defense Force continued to start search and rescue work in the ruins.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412684 
See Zerrenzki alone at the NATO Summit. 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T12:55:00Z
Description: The NATO Summit was held in Lithuania on the 11th, and Zellezki would also attend the 12th summit on the 12th. The President Ukraine said that if Ukraine did not get a timetable for joining NATO, it would be "ridiculous." Byndon reportedly held bilateral talks with Zelei to discuss Kiev to join NATO. In addition, the situation in China and India is expected to be another major focus of this summit. Chinese official media also published an editorial to attack NATO's "hidden disaster" in China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '日本', '中共十九大', '北大西洋公约组织', '美国', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['北约', '岸田文雄', '中国', '拜登', '美国', '印太战略', '俄乌战争', '乌克兰', '立陶宛', '日本']
Id: 66170780
At the Hiroshima G7 Summit in May this year, Biden talked with Zeelianzki in person.
(Voice of German in Chinese) The US media "Politico" reported that US President Joebiden may be with the NATO summit held on Tuesday (July 11) on Tuesday (July 11). ) And Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan conducted one -on -one bilateral talks.
The report quoted a White House official and two sources familiar with the plan, saying that Biden would meet with Erdogan on the 11th. For more than a year, Turkey has stopped Sweden from joining NATO. It was not until the evening of the 10th that Erdogan changed his consent to Sweden to become the 32nd member of NATO.
The meeting of Biden and Zellezky was planned to be held on the 12th. The report states that Biden will be committed to persuading Zellennki. The United States and NATO allies will make a major security commitment to Ukraine and make a series of reforms within the alliance.
Ukraine President Zelezki has confirmed that he will attend Wednesday's summit, and said that if the invitation and timetable for Ukraine's joining NATO have not yet been determined, it will be "unprecedented and ridiculous."
: Ukrainian is not ready to join NATO 
Biden landed on the 9th in London and started his NATO summit and trip to Europe.
US President Bynden started his trip to Europe on Sunday (9th). On the 10th, he met with British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and Charlesiii, British Prime Minister, and then went to the Lithuanic capital Vernis to participate in the NATO summit. After the meeting, Biden is expected to go to the latest member country in NATO Essence
At the NATO Summit, NATO is expected to reiterate the support for Kiev and discuss Sweden's application for joining the alliance. Among them, Sweden's application for joining NATO was continuously blocked by Türkiye.
In an interview broadcast on the 9th, Biden told the United States CNN (CNN) that although he hoped that NATO leaders would "be qualified for Ukraine and laid a reasonable road", he still joined Ukraine to NATO to NATO The possibility is suspicious. He said, "I don't think it's ready to join NATO."
Biden said that the country to join the military alliance must "meet all the conditions such as a series of other issues such as democratization", and now letting Ukraine enter the Alliance will mean "fighting with Russia." He believes, "During the war, NATO is currently incorporating Ukraine into the NATO family. Opinions have not reached an agreement "". Several media pointed out that Biden's saying hinted that Ukraine had to join NATO after war.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg (left) had negotiated with Zelei (right) in April.
Biden said that although Ukraine joined NATO "it takes a period of time", before that, Washington can provide Kiev with security support similar to the United States, including Provide weapons And assist them to have self -defense.
A recent report from the US Congress Research Services Department shows that since World War II, Israel has been the country in the world the most supported by the United States.
Summit will follow China ’s influence in India 
Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Yoshiko will also participate in this summit. Matsuna Matsuna Matsuna, the official house of Japanese cabinet, said on the 7th that Kishida will take this opportunity to emphasize that "the security of the Indo -Pacific region and Europe is inseparable." NATO must strengthen the participation in India and deepen Japan. However, there are still differences in NATO in NATO on how to cope with China in Indo -Pacific influence.
Bloomberg quoted a European senior diplomat that reported that the NATO allies are discussing that they may issue a statement with 4 Indo -Pacific countries to deepen the cooperation between the two sides.
However, whether NATO should leave the scope of its activities in the area where "extending from Northern Europe to Southern Europe and extended from the Atlantic coastline to eastern Turkey", there are some conceptual differences among member states. The diplomat who did not want to disclose his name stated that some members wanted NATO to take a wider and non -targeted approach to such issues that affect the security of the alliance.
Since the beginning of the war of the Russian and Ukraine War of Chinese President Xi Jinping, it has not condemned Russian President Vladimir Putin.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/北約警告中國勿援俄-北京要求反躬自省/a-65245521)It was an insult to international order and said that China constituted a "systemic challenge" to the alliance. NATO has continued to deepen relations with the closest allies in the region in the region in the near future; Washington has also continued to seek to establish various multilateral mechanisms in the Indo -Pacific region to care about the expansion of China's influence.
Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary -General of NATO, also stated in June: "What happened in Asia is important to Europe and what happened in Europe is also important to Asia." In order to strengthen the connection between NATO and Asia, Stock Ertenberg visited Japan and South Korea in January, and said that Japan was the most "close and powerful partner" in NATO.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg (left) met Riki Shimota (right) in Tokyo in January.
However, in May this year, NATO will open the first Asian office in Japan At that time, French President Emmanuel Macron had raised objections It is considered a big mistake to expand any attempt to expand NATO.
The possibility of NATO eastward expansion and activity in the Indo -Pacific region also expressed opposition, saying that the western move is intended to curb the rise of China. In June, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Wang Wenbin, once said that most countries in the Indo -Pacific region are not welcome to the east of NATO to Asia.
China: Lithuania exposes NATO's "disaster" to ChinaOn the 7th of this month, the Chinese official media "Global Times" said that Lithuania's move was "imitation of the United States", and said that NATO's provocative malice against China was exposed before the Lithuania Summit. Keep a vigilance. 
The comment states that this is the representative office of the establishment of Litai After leading the sharp deterioration of the relationship between Lizhong, Lithuania once again showed "mouth hard" and "arrogance", and there must be someone behind it. Lithuania faced Russia's "scaring bold". wood".
The comment also said that this year's NATO Summit is the "public performance" of the "anti -China small group Washington Washington" in Washington, which also indicates that while NATO has increased pressure on Russia while accelerating the expansion of the Asia -Pacific region, In one step, the Vilnius summit may become a "watershed" moment.
According to the comments, Japan, South Korea, Australia, and New Zealand, as NATO's "global partners", will attend the summit for the second consecutive year. The plan for strengthening cooperation with the four countries in NATO will obviously "come to China"; On the same day when Lithuania announced the Indo -Pacific strategy, the United Kingdom and Poland also signed the "2030 Strategic Partner Joint Declaration", which also mentioned "the importance of peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait, and announced that the status quo of one -sided changes will be announced and will be free to open the Indo -Pacific region. The Global Times believes that these signs show that NATO member states have coordinated their positions in Taiwan's issues, trying to "form a siege for China" in international public opinion.
Former NATO Secretary -General Visit Taiwan: Democratic and authoritarian "must choose the side station" 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/拜登或於北約峰會場邊單獨會見澤連斯基/a-66170780?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
China Network Information Office promotes the control of the new media rules and the control of the media 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T13:00:00Z
Description: The China Network Information Office once again launched a notice of "strengthening self -media management", requiring website platforms to rigorously review and restrict the content and operation of self -media. Under the continuous control of the control, the media's speech space in China is getting smaller and smaller.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['自媒体', '网信办', '禁言', '平台', '监管', '流量', '言论管制']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 66189817
Under the pressure, how much room for development of China's self -media is there?
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) According to Chinese media reports, the Central Cyberspace Office issued the "Notice on Strengthening the Management of" Self -Media "Management on Monday (July 10), requiring various social media platforms and websites Strictly prevent fakes, strengthen qualification certification, standardize sources of information, improve rumor labeling functions, restrict illegal behavior profit, improve the management measures for the number of fans, and standardize account operation behavior.
The new requirements include that the website platform should strictly implement the number of registered number of registration of "one person one, one enterprise and two" accounts; when publishing information from the media, the website platform shall display the name of the media account on the information release page. Essence
It is stipulated that the information from the media must not be out of place, must not break the context, distort the facts, and shall not be pushed together to edit, synthetic forgery, etc., which will affect information authenticity Essence It is not allowed to "collect negative information, stir -fry the old things, stir -fry the social hot events, and consumer disaster."
In addition, the illegal self -media that has been banned by the platform has suspended its profit permissions simultaneously, with a length of 2 to 3 times the period of the ban. "Self -media such as creating vulgar people, violating public order, good customs, and multi -account linkage to speculate in social hotspots to make malicious marketing." The website platform should cancel or give them no profit authority.
Do not "hot spots" are the requirements of the China Internet Information Office on the platform and self -media (data chart).
After the "Notice" was released, the "Beijing News" published an editorial that the contents of the notifications were not the first publicity of the Internet Information Office. "These seven -inch management measures show that the regulatory authorities are becoming more and more professional in regulatory practice, which also means that my country’ s self -media supervision and governance have been exploited and entered normalized supervision stage. "Comments that these measures," It is a sharp sword for a few bad media. It stares at the pain point and chain of interest, making the illegal price into an unbearable weight. On the contrary, it is conducive to the sustainable development of the majority of compliance self -media. "
Just self -media and do not ask the official media 
Some Chinese online users see that this is a move for online speech review and information control. Some Weibo users asked: "Is it alone that the media does not care about the official media?";
The discussion is even more direct in China that is blocked and unacceptable to the Internet censorship. Some users wrote: "Early party media surnamed the party, and now they have the surname of the party since the media."
Putting crazy and selling silly wipe ball "Live Economy" sweeping China 
In response to the so -called "stir -fried old news and old things", some netizens associate the "binding books" that have been compared with official media in recent years to compare official media for many years. " Some people say: "It doesn't matter. Anyway, there are countless shackles on the neck of the big country from the media, and the self -media has been strangled to the media.
Some self -media bloggers also responded to the new rules of the Internet Information Office. The "Lu Songsong Blog", which provides information for self -media operators, pointed out that it is too fierce to make self -media competition now. ... Even if you have high -quality content, you may not get traffic. "He believes that the new rules are" strong "this time, and the media" will be more refined and formal in the future. "
The WeChat public account "Shili Village" does not agree with the saying of "the next spring of high -quality self -media content", but instead warns that "the party, government and military education are not touched: if you are not doing such vertical self -media, I suggest you control your mouth and share your life, food, and travel, and do not touch it. "
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国网信办推自媒体新规-言论管控再收紧/a-66189817?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Ke Palace: It is the corresponding countermeasure of joining the NATO plan in Sweden 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T13:02:06+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:50:01+00:00
Description: (Moscow, 11th), Russia's Kremlin said today that once Sweden becomes a member of the NATO Defense Alliance, Russia's security is bound to be threatened, so it is planning to formulate corresponding countermeasures.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary -General of the North Atlantic Convention (NATO), said yesterday that Turkish President Recep Tayyiperdogan has agreed to submit Sweden to NATO's application for approval.
In response, the Kazako spokesman Dmitry Peskov told media reporters that Sweden's joining NATO would inevitably cause "clear negative consequences" to Russia, and Kaya was planning corresponding countermeasures.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E5%85%8B%E5%AE%AB-%E6%AD%A3%E5%B0%B1%E7%91%9E%E5%85%B8%E5%8A%A0%E5%85%A5%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E8%A7%84%E5%88%92%E7%9B%B8%E5%BA%94%E5%AF%B9%E7%AD%96 
Singapore Sovereign Fund Fund Temaseka Investment Combination of net worth shrinks 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T13:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T13:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Singapore, 11th) Temasek Holdings, Singapore Sovereign Fortune Fund, said today that due to global market fluctuations, the net investment portfolio of the previous fiscal year shrinks by 5.2%, and the company will adopt a more cautious strategy.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Temasek, which has a global investment in Singapore, said that as of March, the net value of investment portfolio was S $ 382 billion (about NT $ 813.9 billion), which was lower than the previous annual record of S $ 403.0 billion.
The total return rate of shareholders in one year is 5.07%. The main due to the authorities, the authorities have increased their interest rates in order to combat inflation to tighten the monetary policy.
However, the total return rate of 3 -year shareholders is 8.0%, the total return rate of 10 years is 6.0%, and the total return rate of 20 years is 9.0%.
Temasek Investment, Rohit Sipahimalani, said: "Given that the overall economic environment is full of challenges, we maintain a cautious investment position, and it is expected that the investment of this fiscal year will slow."
Temasek ranks the top ten sovereign wealth funds in the world, holding Singapore Airlines and Singapore's largest banking exhibition group (DBS Group).
Temasek's investment in Asia is 63%, most of which are in Singapore and China, and have invested in transportation, financial services, telecommunications, real estate and life sciences.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E6%96%B0%E5%8A%A0%E5%9D%A1%E4%B8%BB%E6%9D%83%E8%B4%A2%E5%AF%8C%E5%9F%BA%E9%87%91%E6%B7%A1%E9%A9%AC%E9%94%A1-%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E7%BB%84%E5%90%88%E5%87%80%E5%80%BC%E7%BC%A9%E6%B0%B4 
What does the Sudan crisis mean for the Arab gel industry? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-11T13:33:12
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T13:33:12
Description: In 2007, when Sudan faced western pressure and sanctions due to the bloody conflict of Darfur, the country's ambassador to the United States raised the Coca -Cola bottle at a press conference and claimed that "I can stop Arabic gum, and all of us will lose this."
Images: [" 1-1689080909.png ", " 1-1689081157.jpg ", " 1-1689081196.png ", " 1-1689081227.jpg "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻', '记者专栏']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '记者专栏', '苏丹']
Type: Article
 Sudan is the world's largest Arab gel producer (Reuters)
In 2007, when Sudan faced western pressure and sanctions due to the bloody conflict of Darfur, the country's ambassador to the United States raised the Coca -Cola bottle at a press conference and claimed that "I can stop Arabic gum, and all of us will lose this."
John Youcock Lux Youcock refers to one of the main export agricultural products of Sudan. Arabic gum is a natural emulsifier extracted from the Jinhe Huan tree, which has countless uses in history -from ancient Egyptians Relying on it to make mummy, it is recently used in various purposes such as shoe oil, candy, medicine and cosmetics.
The soft beverage industry is seriously dependent on this stabilizer. It is essentially a edible glue, which can prevent sugar from falling to the bottom of carbonated beverages and crystallize.
Sudan is the world's largest Arab gel producer, accounting for about 70%of the total exports of the world. Millions of people in the country earn income from the industry directly or indirectly.
E414 
In the 1990s and the 1990s, the Sudan government tried to use Arabic gum as a bargaining chip against the US government's sanctions. Washington lobbyists worked hard to ensure that the substance (also known as E414) was exempted.
Cameron Hudson, a senior researcher at the African project of Strategy and International Research Center, told Peninsula TV that "During the Sudan's past war and crisis, the Sudan government and international companies were quite successful in preventing the production and exports of Sudan Arabic gum. ","
"They were born under the influence of US sanctions, and the output never declined significantly. Therefore, never let the production of consumer goods relying on the ingredients face major risks."
 Darfur's fighting intensified, the injured Sudan fled to Chad
However, 15 years have passed since the press conference, the Sudan Arabic glue production is threatened by the outbreak of vicious conflicts between the Sudan army and the powerful quasi -military organization "Quick Support Force" on April 15.
The war caused thousands of people to die, and millions of people were displaced, which exacerbated a serious humanitarian crisis, which led to nearly half of the population of international food assistance. Sudan producers reported that in the turbulent, the price growers of Arab gels were treated with local buyers. Demand has dropped by more than 60%.
South Sudan writer and journalist Akor Miyan Kur, who has been focusing on the development of the industry, told Peninsula TV that the war "has no doubt that it has a negative impact on the Arab tree gum trade."
Akor Miyan Kur said that the main production areas -Koldorfan, Darfur, and Gadrif -"direct or indirect" are hit by conflict.
Kur added, "If the battle does not stop as soon as possible, the production of Arabic gum will completely collapse, because the two major production areas -Darfur and Cordo -cannot continue to collect work due to the safety of workers."
inventory is about to be exhausted 
Sudan violence has made it dangerous to transport Arabic gum to the country's main Harbor Sudan Harbor. Breakthrough News Sahele regional analyst Eugene Payers said that even those who are willing to risk travel in the current environment are facing Such a factual challenge: Since the outbreak of the battle in mid -April, many trucks have been destroyed or hijacked.
Payor told the Peninsula TV that "as long as people are willing to drive, it is difficult to find transportation. Of course, for farmers themselves, just like truck drivers, they must face such a fact: you are not accurate. Know what you see on the road. "
"The convenience of transportation has been greatly reduced. In the end, the price of the product has fallen to the degree of pushing it to the market -all these have greatly affected the trade flow."
 Arabic gum is a natural edible tree glue (Reuters) taken from Jinhehuan tree
Mustafa Said Haller, Chairman of Sudan(Mustafa Al -Sayed Khalil)Sudan exported 60,000 tons of natural emulsifiers last year.
It is difficult to obtain reliable statistics, because most of the production of Arabic gum occur in some areas of Sudan, which exceeds the control scope of the central government, including areas occupied by various non -state actors.
Nevertheless, it is reported that large beverage companies have reserved Arabic gum supply for three to six months and have not yet faced any major issues, but analysts said that if the Sudan crisis can not see the signs of the end, they may face Severe problems and problems may occur soon.
William Lawrence, a professor of international affairs at the University of the University of Washington, told the Peninsula TV that "the price plunge seriously threatened the future of this industry led by Sudan since the 1950s, because it is used to the production of Arab gel production that is relatively cheap in supply. Business will eventually seek the diversity of the source and ingredients used in production. "
With the decline in supply, observers warn that the capabilities of soda manufacturers and pharmaceutical companies around the world may be severely restricted. Although it may be possible to find alternatives of Arabic gum (such as starch -based stabilizers), this is not It will happen overnight.
Puile said that the longer the conflict lasted, the greater the pressure on the affected enterprises.
The question is not just war 
In the broader background of the country's socioeconomic challenges, the recent development of political affairs, and the danger of climate change, the impact of conflicts on Sultan Arabic gum trade has gradually appeared.
Sudan farmers even faced huge challenges before the outbreak of the war. Many people's wages were very low, so that they could not make a living.
 How do I rescue people who fell into the Sudan War
In recent years, young people have begun to work in gold mines, where opportunities there are more beneficial, just as Jinhehuan tree is cut off to obtain building materials, firewood and charcoal.
Poyer said, "The exploitation of farmers has had a negative impact on trade. Unfortunately, this has accelerated this trend as far as the Arab gum that we see."
There are other factors.
In Darfur and other parts of the country, as the climate pressure facing the earth is getting greater, violent incidents caused by the conflict between water resources, limited land and natural resources are also increasing.
At the same time, increasingly worse desertification means that more Sudan people will go to urban areas that are not easy to find.
Puile said, "Some climate change factor may have a huge chain reaction, and in the case of trade, there is less discussion about this, but this is an important aspect of it."
Puil explained that "In the end, it may exacerbate the extent of people's poverty and the environment caused by the environment, increase slums, and increase the unemployment rate -all other major challenges that are more difficult to face in the background of Sudan's development. "Multiple issues that triggered large -scale demonstrations involved issues such as agricultural resources, land, infrastructure, and foreign companies control the country's resources.
Poyer said, "Now conflicts are intensifying the decline of the industry, and the industry is one of the main industries of Sudan, and it is also the center of the country's controversy about income inequality, how resources are allocated, and how the country should develop."
"You see ... about how Sudan develops ... It is deeply rooted in the basic issues such as how trade such as (Arabic tree gum) should be built, how to operate, and who should benefit from the huge amounts of funds in Sudan."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/opinions/journalist-column/2023/7/11/%e8%8b%8f%e4%b8%b9%e5%8d%b1%e6%9c%ba%e5%af%b9%e9%98%bf%e6%8b%89%e4%bc%af%e6%a0%91%e8%83%b6%e8%a1%8c%e4%b8%9a%e6%84%8f%e5%91%b3%e7%9d%80%e4%bb%80%e4%b9%88 
Worried that China threatened Japan to establish a closer connection with the EU 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T14:02:00Z
Description: Japanese Prime Minister Kishida is visiting Europe and participated in the NATO Summit and the EU-Japan Summit. Some experts believe that Kishida will use this trip to remind European leaders in danger of China's policy in the Indo -Pacific region.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['德中关系', '希腊债务危机', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '诺贝尔奖', '欧洲难民危机', '欧洲']
Id: 66190954
Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishida attended the NATO Summit in Lithuania on Tuesday
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Japan and the European Union are trying to increase trade and better share advanced technologies. Japanese Prime Minister Kishida is expected to sign a series of forward-looking agreements during the European Union-Japan Summit held in Brussels on July 13.
As China is increasingly worried about China's challenge to the constituent of the global political and trade system, European Japan believes that strengthening cooperation is essential.
The differences between Beijing and the United States and its allies (including Tokyo) have also deepened in many fields such as acquisition of natural resources and cutting -edge technologies.
Security issues make these concerns more eye-catching, which will also become EU-Japan Summit Important issues.
Tokyo Meiji University Professor Goito said: "The main goal of Kishida visited the Middle East and Europe is to reduce Japan's dependence on China in terms of trade and natural resources. ","
"Kishida will use this visit to remind European leaders to follow Asia" 
Kishida Wenxiong will also attend the NATO summit held in Lithuania on Tuesday (July 11). During the meeting, it will undoubtedly discuss the Ukrainian war.
However, Kishida will also use this opportunity to reiterate the danger of China's future conflict in the Indo -Pacific region. Professor Ito told Germany: "Obviously, Europe is currently paying attention to what happened in Ukraine, but Kishida will use this visit to remind these leaders that there are many things happening in Asia, such as China's expansion policy, China seizing the South China Islands The alliance between China and Russia has continued to strengthen and the relationship between China and North Korea. "
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
US military can enter more Philippine military bases 
The US Secretary of Defense Austin announced an agreement with the Philippines that enabled the United States to enter the Philippines' other four military bases. In this way, the U.S. army can keep an eye on two key locations: the disputed area of the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. According to officials, about 500 U.S. soldiers are duty every day in the Philippines, and the country allows U.S. forces to stay in the designated Philippine barracks.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
U.S. Defense: Strengthen the alliance to deal with China's illegal claims 
At a press conference with the Philippine Defense Secretary Carlito Galvezjr. Right) at the present conference where Manila attended together, US Defense Secretary Austin said that the efforts of strengthening the alliance "continued to advance its illegal claims in the Western Philippines Sea in China Particularly important". In response, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning accused the United States of pursuing the "selfish agenda" through new military arrangements, saying that this was "exacerbating the tension in the region and endangering regional peace and stability."
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula 
US Defense Minister Austin also announced in Seoul that advanced military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula, including fighter jets and aircraft carriers, to promote joint training and planning. He and South Korean Defense Minister Li Zhongzheng reached an agreement on expanding the United States and South Korea ’s joint military exercises, and also discussed the preparations for simulation exercises in February. North Korea fired dozens of missiles in 2022, including missiles that may have nuclear capabilities, aiming to combat South Korea and the United States. The United States therefore resumed large -scale military exercises last year to strengthen the deterrent of Pyongyang. North Korea officially stated that it was ready to fight against US military operations with "the most overwhelming nuclear force".
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Adjust the US military garrison in Okinawa Island 
In January 2023, the United States and Japan agreed to adjust the United States' garrison in Okinawa. Some of the reason for strengthening anti -ship capabilities and preparing for China invading Taiwan or other hostile behaviors in the South China Sea or the East China Sea in China. Japan is the place where the United States has the most places outside the country, including about 18,000 U.S. Marine War members, and most of them are stationed in the main base of Okinawa. Although Japan and Taiwan do not have formal diplomatic relations, they have close and informal relationships and have common concerns about China's continuous enhanced military activities.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Restarting in the Solomon Islands Embassy 
The United States has restored the US Embassy in the Solomon Islands that has closed since 1993. U.S. Secretary of U.S. Sublinger claims that this is a commitment to partnerships in the Indo -Pacific region. In April last year, the secret security agreement signed with China and China caused concerns about Western powers, that is, the Soonia Islands may provide a foothold for China in the Pacific region. The State Department of the United States stated that the embassy that reopening there is a priority against China's increased influence in the region.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Selling weapons to Taiwan 
The United States has no formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan, but it is the main military supporter of Taiwan. For decades, Washington has sold "defensive" weapons to Taiwan based on the "Relations with Taiwan". After August last August, after the Speaker of the House of Representatives in the United States House, Plogsi visited Taiwan, the Chinese PLA launched the largest real -scale military exercise in the surrounding waters around Taiwan for decades. Then in September, the Bayeng government announced the 6th degree of Taiwan military sales case worth 1.16 billion US dollars. The US Ginseng Institute also passed the "National Defense Authorization Act" at the end of last year. The law plans to send US government officials to Taiwan to strengthen the bilateral cooperation of the United States and Taiwan.In recent weeks, Japan and the European Union have reached a number of agreements, including a memorandum of understanding of the information of rare metals and mineral supply and demand information signed earlier this month. These materials are critical to a series of advanced technologies such as electric vehicles and wind turbines.
The agreement also proposed to cooperate in the supply chain of rare earth ore mining and refining, and improve the supply chain of such resources.
The impact of China's rare metal export restrictions 
A few days ago, China announced that it was an export restrictions on the implementation of rare metals for computer chips, fiber equipment and nightview mirrors. ](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中国管制出口的镓锗究竟是什么/a-66113298)By 2022, China's rare earth ore output will account for about 70%of global rare earth ore output. People are worried that Beijing will restrict exports to harm its economic or political competitors' interests. RobertDujarric, co -director of the Institute of Contemporary Asia, the University of Tiaopu University, said: "We have seen this implicit threat for some time, and this situation is still continuing."
"The United States and Japan have restricted the implementation of China's high -tech equipment and semiconductor exports, so this can be regarded as revenge on the policy." He said, "Japan is trying to reduce the opening of China and the risks brought about by it, so with it, and therefore, with the therefore Establishing closer relationships in European countries is very meaningful. "
The two sides have signed a similar memorandum of understanding for semiconductors, including the establishment of a mechanism for fast sharing information to avoid supply chain interruptions when natural disasters or political issues occur.
According to the agreement, Japan and the European Union will jointly develop the next -generation chips and train future engineers.
The two sides also reached an agreement on strengthening cooperation in the digital field, including regular discussion of artificial intelligence rules.
At a meeting held in Tokyo on July 4, the two sides emphasized that with the development of the sixth generation communication standards, open and secure communication infrastructure is very important.
The two sides also agreed that a new submarine cable through the Arctic Ocean will be conducive to data exchange between Japan and Europe.
English aircraft carrier for the first time stopped at Japan Yokosuka Base 
Japan is establishing a wider alliance 
Professor Ito of the Meiji University said that when Tokyo cooperates with Europe and creates more business opportunities, the main consideration of its leadership is still China.
"Just like Tokyo is keen to join the Seventh State Group and strive to establish a closer relationship with NATO, Japan also regards the EU as a partner in the Pacific region." He said, "Kishida will definitely emphasize that establishing closer military partners with European countries will definitely emphasize The importance of relationship. "
Prime Minister Kishida will meet with the European Council Chairman Michelle and the Chairman of the European Commission Feng Delin in Brussels.
These leaders may promise to increase the frequency of military exercises in the Pacific Ocean and help Southeast Asian partners countries to improve maritime security capabilities.
Other projects on the agenda include the development of space capabilities and joint measures to prevent network attacks and false information.
Dujarik of Tiantu University said: "Japan will clearly explain to continue to support Ukraine, partly because Japan hopes to support Europe and the United States. Stability, these countries will provide assistance to Japan. "
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/忧中国威胁-日本要与欧盟建立更紧密联系/a-66190954?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Bangkok built a mid -elevated bridge collapsed 2 deaths 12 injuries. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T14:02:10+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T13:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Bangkok, 11th) Thai officials said today that the collapse of a viaduct built by the capital Bangkok has been confirmed that two people were killed and 12 were injured.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The place of the incident was on a busy traveler of Lat Krabang, and the local SUVARNABHUMI International Airport collapsed last night, the beam pillar system that supported the viaduct collapsed, causing the vehicles to be trapped.
The DEPARTMENT of DisasterPrevention announced yesterday. It can be seen in the picture that the bridge structure suddenly collapsed, causing dust, and the destruction after the event was shown.
Bangkok Deputy Mayor Wisanu Subsompo said at a press conference today that the cause of the accident may be that a crane was lost.
"Before they propose a security plan, the project will be suspended before they propose a safety plan."
This road project is part of the construction plan of the elevated road, the purpose is to try to solve the problem of traffic plugs in Bangkok.
In Thailand, engineering safety is not rigorous, and accidents are common. In 2016, a built building collapsed, and at least 13 people were killed.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E6%9B%BC%E8%B0%B7%E5%85%B4%E5%BB%BA%E4%B8%AD%E9%AB%98%E6%9E%B6%E6%A1%A5%E5%9D%8D%E5%A1%8C2%E6%AD%BB12%E4%BC%A4-%E7%96%91%E8%B5%B7%E5%9B%A0%E8%B5%B7%E9%87%8D%E6%9C%BA%E5%A4%B1%E8%A1%A1 
President President President of Paraguay visited Taiwan and shouted that he hopes that Taiwan and Pakistan have closer relations 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T14:11:00Z
Description: Paraguay, who is about to take office in August, arrives in Taiwan on July 11, Panians, and Benia said he hopes that Paraguay and Taiwan will cooperate more closely in the future. In addition to meeting with Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen this time, Benia will also visit university and non -profit organizations.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '中国', '台湾', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['巴拉圭', '台湾', '两岸关系', '邦交国', '贝尼亚', '培尼亚', '南美洲', '中国']
Id: 66191001
Paraguay as President Benia (left) and Taiwan Foreign Minister Wu Zhaozheng
(Voice of Germany) Paraguay is President Santiago Peñapalaos (also translated on Benia) on July 11 to reach Taiwan for a five -day visit. In his speech at his speech at Taoyuan Airport in Taiwan, he mentioned that he had arrived in Taiwan during his student during his student. He hoped that this visit again would make Paraguay's relationship closer to Taiwan.
"I will be committed to condensing the two countries during the term of office in the next 5 years. Our relationship is close, but I think we need to be closer at this moment, and we need to be more united, so I am very happy to come here."

According to the Taiwan Media Central News Agency, in addition to the accompanying Benia's wife and daughter, the members of this visit to the delegation also include Paraguay's waiting for Foreign Minister Rubén Ramírezcano and the secretary general of the presidential palace, Lea Giménez Duarte) , Treasury Secretary Carlos Fernándezvaldovinos and the Minister of Industry and Commerce Francisco Javier Giménez García de Zúñiga.
Benia, who is about to take office in August, promised during the presidential presidential period that he was willing to continue to promote bilateral relations between Paraguay and Taiwan's mutual benefit. In the next trip, Benia will meet with Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen and Vice President Lai Qingde.
Taiwan again? Will Paraguay will "abandon Taiwan and vote?" 
Taiba's 66th Anniversary 
The spokesman for the Presidential Palace of Taiwan, Lin Yan Chan issued a statement on the evening of July 11, stating that Benia's visit meets the 66th anniversary of the Taiwan -Pakistan diplomatic relations on July 12. It is also Bena after 1999, and it has been violated for 24 years after 1999. Visiting Taiwan again, "President Tsai and Vice President Lai will meet with the delegation and set up banquets to exchange opinions on the cooperation between the two countries and the issues of concerns about the issues."
The Taiwan Foreign Ministry mentioned that Benia and his party will also meet officials such as Wang Meihua, Taiwan Economic Minister, and Xue Ruiyuan, Minister of Health. In addition, it will also visit university, non -profit organizations and economic construction facilities.
one of the few diplomatic relations in Taiwan 
In recent years, the country has been announced to break off diplomatic relations with the Republic of China and established diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China. Paraguay is one of the 13 only one of the 13 diplomatic relations in Taiwan. The Beijing government regards Taiwan as a split province, and tries to compress Taipei's international diplomatic space.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 

Latin America is the most concentrated place in Taiwan's diplomatic relations, with a total of 8. Guatemara West Pacific, the East of the Caribbean, bordering Mexico in the north, is one of the ancient Mayan cultural centers. The population is 11.24 million, and the capital Guatemala. Residents believe in Catholicism, and the official language is Spanish. The establishment of diplomatic relations with the Republic of China in 1933.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
拉 
Paraguay is an inland country in South America with an area of 410,000 square kilometers and a population of 6.64 million. The capital Asunción, the official language is Spanish. Agricultural and animal husbandry is the main pillar of the country's economy. In addition, the National Football Team of Paraguay is a power brigade in South America. Create diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1957. Paraguay will hold a presidential election in April 2023. Candidates in the opposition party have stated that if they are elected, they will consider breaking diplomatic relations with Taiwan and to build diplomatic relations with China.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Belis 
Also known as Belize, formerly known as the British Honduras, located on the east coast of Central America. It is a Chinese American country with the least population and the lowest population density.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Sheng Vinson 
The full name is "St. Vincent and Green Nading", referred to as St. Vinson, located in Latin America, and established diplomatic relations with the Republic of China since 1981.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
St. Chris Dorifu and Nivis 
Also known as St. Kitz and Nivis, located in the Caribbean Sea. In May 2018, he was refused to participate in the World Health Conference in Taiwan(WHA)At that time, St. Chriso and Navis met with the Minister of Health and Welfare in Taiwan and support Taiwan's participation in the conference.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Haiti 
Haiti is the islands of the Caribbean with an area of 28,000 square kilometers and a population of 10.7 million. Haiti is one of the poorest countries in the world. After the earthquake in 2010, Haiti economy relied on the aid of the international community to a certain extent. Create diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1956.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
St. Lucia 
It is also translated into St. Luxia, a country in the Caribbean. In 1997(Taiwan)Broken diplomatic relations. Later, he resumed diplomatic relations with the Republic of China in 2007.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 

What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 


He also translated Palau, located in the Western Pacific, established diplomatic relations with the Republic of China in 1999. Beginning in 2017, after the maintenance of diplomatic relations between Palau and the Republic of China, it instructed that the travel agency to stop Palau, and Chinese tourists were reduced. Because there are too few travelers from China, Palau Pacific Airlines even claims that in 2018, they declared that they decided to suspend flights to China at a cost consideration.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Marshall Islands 
The Marshall Islands is an island nation located in the central Pacific. It consists of more than 1,000 islands and reefs. It covers an area of 181 square kilometers and has a population of 53,000. It is mainly Micronician. The official language is English and Marsham. In 1986, he was independent from the US custody and established diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1998.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Nollu Republic 
It is also translated into Nauru. It is an island country located in the central South Pacific. It has an area of 24 square kilometers and a population of 102,000. Cauru was occupied by Japan during World War II, and was co -custody by Australia, Britain, and New Zealand after the war. It was officially independent in 1968. Create diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1980, interrupted in 2003, and resumed in 2005.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Tuwaru 
Tuvalu is located in the South Pacific, consisting of 9 ring -shaped coral island groups. The land area is about 26 square kilometers and the population is 11,000. Create diplomatic relations with Taiwan in 1979. Tuvaru was up to 4.5 meters above sea level and was severely threatened by the rise of the sea level. In a statement in 2001, the country's leader said that the residents of the country will gradually evacuate due to the fate of being swallowed by the sea water and relocate the country to New Zealand.
*#
What are the diplomatic countries in Taiwan? 
Vatican 
The Vatican is the only diplomatic country in Europe in Europe. The Vatican, located in the city of Rome, has an area of only 0.44 square kilometers. It is called the country of the city and is the place where Catholic Holy See is located. The establishment of diplomatic relations with the Republic of China in 1942.
Author: Ye Xuan
Regarding Panania, Panania, Pania visited Taiwan, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Mao Ning said at a regular press conference on July 10: "The government of the People's Republic of China is the only legal government representing the whole China. Part of. We believe that sooner or later, the country will recognize the general trend and make a decision that meets the historical trend. "
At the same time, the Ministry of National Defense of Taiwan issued a statement on July 11 that the PLA "J-10", "J-16", "Su Kai-30", "Boom 6", "Yun-8 anti-submarine machine" 34 The secondary event, 29 of which crossed the midline of the Strait and its extension line. The Taiwanese military will hold a Hanguang exercise at the end of July. It is expected that the first time will be performed at Taoyuan Airport to perform anti -aircraft downsylls at Taoyuan Airport, and civil aviation aircraft will be temporarily prohibited from taking off and landing.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/巴拉圭新总统访台-喊话盼台巴关系更紧密/a-66191001?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
U.S. Member exposed Tiktok's smashing 100 million US dollars lobbying and the restriction bill was delayed 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T14:12:02+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 06:12:02Z
Description: In March of the United States Congress, the two houses of the United States Congress proposed a bill to block the TIKTOK international version of Douyin, but there are still no significant progress so far. Mark Warner, chairman of the Democratic Senate Intelligence Committee, revealed that TIKTOK smashed $ 100 million for lobbying work, leading to legislative progress.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-tiktok-legislation-delayed-by-strong-lobbying-effort-20230711/7175567.html 
German media: Look at the Chinese economy from electric vehicles 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T14:18:00Z
Description: The Stuttgart News commented that the price war in China's electric vehicles will still be extended to Germany. The "South German will" focuses on the weak domestic demand and the pessimism and anxiety of all levels of society, and the risk of shrinking is very real.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['德中关系', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '德国', '中国', '专题报道：中国经济何处去？', '留学德国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['电动汽车', '价格战', '中国', '中国经济', '通缩', '德国', '大众', '比亚迪', '特斯拉']
Id: 66191083
Volkswagen ID.3 production line in Germany
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The Stuttgart News commented that the price war in China's electric vehicle will still be extended to Germany.
The comment wrote: "... China's leading manufacturer BYD The price of some cars is lower than the cost. This is a gambling that looks at the future-the price hoped on the high battery can soon decrease significantly. If you do n’t follow the trend now, you may lose your customers. Therefore, after Tesla, Volkswagen also sacrificed diving prices so that No more than competitors in China Essence The basic version of Volkswagen's ID.3 is now only 15,000 euros in China, about 25,000 euros cheaper than Germany. "
The comments predict that the competition of the opponent through the price reduction and discount will soon come to Germany , Especially small cars. "(Chinese competitors) Want to decide with German car dealers in German domestic markets through competitive technology and low prices. This sounds threatened for the economy, which is quite attractive to customers. "
Even the Chinese electric vehicle market is no longer the annual growth rate of the three digits in the past three digits
See Weizhi 
The "South Germany" reported that the current situation is very dangerous for the automotive industry. "Because once the customer is accustomed to the price continuously falls, they will wait and see and delay the purchase of the car, because it may always occur cheaper. Soon, auto manufacturers may no longer have funds, they must reduce production, reduce salary, or even check or even check or even get offer. Factory dismiss employees. "
The article said that China's overall economic situation can be seen from the price war of electric vehicles.
The article wrote: "Western countries confront stubborn high inflation , China against Tong Shrinking The concerns are continuously increasing. Due to weak local demand, consumer prices have not increased year -on -year, which is the first time since 2021. … At the same time, the price of manufacturing even fell by 5.4%year -on -year, the largest decline since 2015. "
The article quotes expert analysis that China is true facing the risk of shrinking Essence "After the government originally hoped that the clearing policy ended, the economy would automatically recover. However, talking to the Chinese people will feel that there is pessimism and anxiety in all levels of society. Real estate prices have declined. The export industry is subject to important market economies such as Germany and the euro zone. The weak influence ... ... The only good news is that in the service industry, the industry has been impacted the most under the blockade of the epidemic. Nowadays, people start to travel, but they spend less money than before the epidemic. "
Shanghai has become a city of electric 
The article wrote that the Chinese government's regulation space is not large. "The level of profitability of state -owned banks is reduced to the degree of danger, and loans cannot be issued without choosing. At the same time, many local governments excessively liability after expensive new crown measures."
The article quotes industry insiders that the government is expected to raise infrastructure expenses and relax the purchase restrictions of houses in the next few months. As for whether it will take effect, it is necessary to wait and see.
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：从电动汽车价格战看中国经济/a-66191083?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Birth of the twin by the Korean panda "Aibao" 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T14:24
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T14:47
Description: The Korean panda "Aibao" successfully gave birth to a pair of twins last week, becoming the first panda twins born in Korea. According to South Korea's Samsung Aibao Paradise on Tuesday (July 11), the giant panda "Aibao" successfully gave birth to a pair of female twin cubs in the early morning of last Friday (7th) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '熊猫']
The Korean panda "Aibao" successfully gave birth to a pair of twins last week, becoming the first panda twins born in Korea.
According to South Korea's Samsung Aibao Paradise on Tuesday (July 11), the giant panda "Aibao" successfully gave birth to a pair of female twin cubs in the early morning of last Friday (7th). Among them, the old was born at 4:52 and weighs 180 grams; the second child was born at 6:39, and weighs 140 grams. At present, the mother and daughter are safe, and the two little pandas are in good condition.
This is the second time that the "eldest daughter" Fubao was born in 2020, the "eldest daughter" Fubao was born in South Korea.
South Korean media reported on Tuesday (July 11) that Korean panda breeder Jiang Zheyuan said that he was very happy to give birth to twins in Korean pandas and would take good care of them.
Because of the meticulous care of the giant pandas, Jiang Zheyuan was called "Grandpa Bao" and "Grandpa Jiang" by netizens. He said: "For the first time in South Korea, the giant panda twin babies were born, and I was very happy. I would take good care of their family and make them a panda family who conveyed hope and happiness to the general public."
According to recent reports, in order to allow Aibao to successfully give birth to a baby panda, the breeder opened the day and night escort mode. Jiang Zheyuan said at the time that Aibao was in a period of concentrated observation, because compared with Shengfu Bao, Aibao had some differences in action and hormone levels.
Because pandas usually need five to six months to adapt to the external environment, this pair of baby panda will not meet the public for the time being.
Aibao was born in July 2013 at Bifengxia Base of the China Grand Panda Protection Research Center. Lebao was born in July 2012.
On March 3, 2016, the panda couple arrived in South Korea, began a 15 -year -old travel life in Korea, and produced Fubao in 2020.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412695 
Brahms: Hungarian Dance No. 5 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T14:30:00Z
Description: Brahms is good at presented folk melody with refined brushwork. He created a total of 21 "Hungarian Dance", of which the fifth of the Hungarian dance music was the most famous. The song showed the enthusiasm of Hungarian national music and the tenderness of the Gypsy ethnic music.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: ['贝多芬音乐节', '古典音乐风']
Keywords: ['音乐', '古典音乐']
Id: 65987132

culture 
Brahms: Hungarian Dance No. 5 
Brahms is good at presented folk melody with refined brushwork. He created a total of 21 "Hungarian Dance", of which the fifth of the Hungarian dance music was the most famous. The song showed the enthusiasm of Hungarian national music and the tenderness of the Gypsy ethnic music.

Brahms: Hungarian Dance No. 5 
Brahms is the inheritor of Beethoven, Schubert, and Schumann. He always adheres to the tradition of German classical music and combines the passion of romantic music with the rigorous classical form structure, and is particularly good at presented the folk melody with refined brushwork.
The fifth Hungarian dance music created by Brahms is the most popular and elegant and popular works among all the works of Brahms. The song is mixed with the characteristics of the Hungarian national music enthusiasm, passionate, and the tenderness of the gypsy ethnic music, which is adapted into various forms of instrumental music by later generations. Please listen to the fifth Hungarian dance music performed by the West Germany Broadcasting Symphony Orchestra, and direct the commander of Christian Maclari.
Welcome to subscribe to the Voice of Germany "Classical Music Wind" to listen to more outstanding classical music performances. 
Feed-URL: 
?
iTunes: 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/id1347146553? l = de 

related audio video 
Brahms: Hungarian Dance No. 5 
](https://www.dw.com/zh/overlay/media/zh/勃拉姆斯匈牙利舞曲第五号/65320368/65987132) Date 11.07.2023 Topic * Beethoven Music Festival Classical music style Keywords Music , classical music Download Download mp3 file Feedback *: Feedback of Opinions Print Print this page fixed link https://p.dw.com/p/4ssga

related information 
[
The Aoneld Soningberg (1874-1951), the Austrian composer of the United States, is a representative of Western modernist music. It is famous for its bold innovation spirit and pioneered the "Twelve Sound System" without tuning music. Please listen to the string band circular dances he created and performed by the West Germany Broadcasting Symphony Orchestra.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/勋伯格弦乐队圆舞曲/a-65986881) [
Plames: G minor first piano quadruple 
Brahms made a total of three piano quadrules. The first piano quadrice of the G minor is a lying creative thinking, with a shocking indoor music work, with rigorous layout and personal emotions.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/勃拉姆斯g小调第一钢琴四重奏/a-65986798) [
Beethoven D small violin concerto 
Beethoven's "D Great Violin Concerto" was created in 1806. It was designed for the first violinist Franz Clement at the time of the Vienna Theater at the time, and was known as the first of the four major violin concertos.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/贝多芬d小调小提琴协奏曲/a-65986513)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/勃拉姆斯：匈牙利舞曲第五号/a-65987132?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
NATO Summit appears in France, Germany, and Norway to increase military aid Ukraine 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T14:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T14:05:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, Vilnius, 11th) French President Mark Hong said today that the SCALP long -range cruise missile will be provided to Ukraine to help the Ukraine's target to strike the Russian front front. Germany and Norway also increased their military aid Ukraine on the occasion of the Peak of the North Atlantic Convention (NATO).
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 When Emmanuel Macron arrived at the NATO Summit today, it announced that France would provide ScalP missiles as the same missile as the British supply of "StormShadow" in Ukraine.
Markho said that sending the ScalP missile to allow Ukraine to "deepen" the Russian occupation troops when Counterattack recover the land, but Markhon did not explain the number.
SCALP/Storm Shadow Missile is a joint weapon developed by Britain and France. It has the farthest range of the Western aid weapons (250 kilometers). In May, the United Kingdom has announced that a number of advanced weapons will be supplied.
Germany today also promised to help Ukraine 700 million euros (about NT $ 24.1 billion) at the NATO summit in Vilnius. German Defense Minister Borispistorius said that the new military aid will meet the needs of Ukraine's air defense, chariots, and artillery.
In May, Germany has announced that it will provide an increase in weapons worth 2.7 billion euros to Ukraine. The latest 700 million euro military aid includes 2 Patriot missile system launchers, another 40 mink -type infantry combat vehicles, Twenty -thousand Leopard 1 (Leopard1) chariot, and 20,000 cannonballs and 5,000 smoke bombs.
Germany is the second largest weapon supplier to assist Ukraine to Anti -Russia.
In addition, the Norwegian government today promised to overtime in Ukraine 2.5 billion Norwegian Cran (about NT $ 7.5 billion), which made Norway's total military assistance from Ukraine this year to 10 billion kronor.
Norwegian Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Store told reporters at the NATO Summit: "Ukraine launches defensive operations, now there is really this need."
Norway today promised to increase the 2.5 billion kron as a special fund of 75 billion krone. The purpose of this specified special fund is to provide Ukrainian civilians and military assistance between 2023 and 2027.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E5%B3%B0%E4%BC%9A%E7%99%BB%E5%9C%BA-%E6%B3%95%E5%9B%BD-%E5%BE%B7%E5%9B%BD-%E6%8C%AA%E5%A8%81%E5%8A%A0%E7%A0%81%E5%86%9B%E6%8F%B4%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0 
The United States welcomes it to support Sweden to join Turkey for a long time at the entrance of the European Union for a long time? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-11T14:40:21
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T14:40:59
Description: NATO Secretary -General, Yanz Stoltenberg, confirmed that Turkey agreed to support Sweden to join the military alliance for a few minutes. U.S. President Joe Bedden issued a statement, welcome the position of Turkish President Erdogan.
Images: [" 1-1689086002.png "]
Topics: ['专家专栏', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['专家专栏', '政治', '新闻', '土耳其', '欧洲', '美国']
Type: Article
 Biden (right) told Erdogan that he hoped to welcome Sweden to join NATO as soon as possible (Anadoru News Agency)
NATO Secretary -General, Yanz Stoltenberg, confirmed that Turkey agreed to support Sweden to join the military alliance for a few minutes. U.S. President Joe Bedden issued a statement, welcome the position of Turkish President Erdogan.
"I welcomes the statement issued by Turkey, Sweden, and NATO, including the statement of Turkey, and NATO, including the President Erdogan promised to submit the Swedish to the alliance to the Turkish National Assembly (parliament) for rapid approval. I would like President Erdogan and Turkey work together to strengthen the defense and deterrence in the European-Atlantic region. "
When Washington expressed happiness, the change in Turkey's decision did not show any surprise. It is worth noting that in an interview with the United States Cable TV News Network on Sunday that he quickly joined Sweden to join NATO with optimism to hold NATO to hold optimism to hold NATO to hold NATO. At that time, most experts and observers expressed pessimism to the NATO summit because Turkey obstructed the Swedish alliance documents.
Biden said, "I have met the Swedish Prime Minister recently. Sweden has the same values as us in NATO. It is a small country, but it has the ability to defend themselves. They know how to fight. I think they should become a member of NATO," He also added that the delay was Turkey.
President of the United States added, "Turkey is seeking a modern transformation of the F-16, and Mizetakis (Greek Prime Minister) is also seeking some help. In view of this, what I want to express is coordination, so that we can then we can To strengthen the military capabilities of NATO Greece and Turkey, we allow Sweden to join. I am an optimist. In fact, I am an optimist. "
President Biden and President Erdogan communicated by the phone on Sunday evening. The White House stated in a brief description of the call that Biden told Erdogan that he "hope to welcome Sweden to join NATO as soon as possible."
Stephen Cook, an international affairs expert of the US Foreign Relations Commission, said in an interview with the Peninsula TV station that "Bayon was very confident before calling with Erdo, but he was no longer so confident after the phone call."
Türkiye Join the European Union 
Prior to the development of the above situation, Turkey announced that he hopes to associate Sweden to NATO issue with the EU's request. The White House National Security Council spokesman's office confirmed that Turkey's joining the EU issue is two issues. Our current focus is to join the Sweden of NATO.
On the other hand, the US State Department spokesman Matthew Miller said: "Over the years, the United States has always supported the desire of Turkey to join the European Union, and we will continue to support them," he will continue to support them, "he also adds to them." But we think that this should not be a Sweden in Sweden Join NATO obstacles. "
Bloomberg quoted Turkish officials as saying that EU officials had agreed to speed up Ankara's joining the European Union. The content of the negotiations included Turkey's joining the tariff alliance and allowed its citizens to travel with visa -free travel.
Erdogan associated Sweden to join NATO and Turkey to join the EU, and said, "First of all, let us pave the way for Turkey to join the EU, and then let us pave the way for Sweden Same."
Erdogan also emphasized that "Turkey has been waiting for more than 50 years at the entrance of the European Union", and "almost all NATO member states are members of the European Union." High understanding.
On the eve of the NATO Summit hosted by the Lithuanian capital Vernis, Erdogan associated these two issues to face Russia's war on Ukraine, NATO leaders hope to be united.
On the other hand, Germany quickly rejected Turkey's conditions and emphasized that there was no connection between these two issues.
German Prime Minister Tsurtz said at a press conference held in Berlin: "They should not be regarded as two related themes," he also emphasized. "Nothing can prevent Sweden from joining NATO, and Turkish president has been Stop Sweden to join NATO. "
But Tsutz saw "a positive information" from Erdogan's statement, that is, in the near future, it is possible to add green lights to Sweden in the near future.
Turkey applied to join the European Union in 1987, but since 2016, it has made little progress. At that time, the European Parliament voted for the suspension of the Turkish government's comprehensive suppression of the attempted military coup.
In this context, Stephen Cook pointed out that "there are always many dramatic things before the NATO Summit, but few people expect that President Erdogan will ask Turkey to join the EU."
Cook added: "I strongly doubt that he exaggerate his position, and once things become clear, by trying to connect with Turkish EU members with Sweden to NATO, it will endanger Turkey and NATO, the European Union and the United States. relation."
Türkiye's importance is increasing 
This crisis began last year. At that time, Sweden applied to join NATO, which required all NATO countries for approval, and this rule gave Erdogan a huge influence, so as to ask Europe to make concessions.
In recent months, Sweden has worked hard to meet the requirements of Turkey, revise the constitution and pass the new counter -terrorism legislation, and agrees to extradite several Turks accused of crime in Turkey, but the Swedish court prevented further extradition.
Hungary is still the only NATO member country that has not yet agreed to Sweden, but Hungarian officials said that if the Turkish position changes, they will not stop this process. The month joined NATO.
Since Russia launched the war against Ukraine last year, Turkey has increased the importance of the "geopolitical strategy" of NATO and Europe's security. Although Turkey is a member of NATO, it plays an important role in mediation and communication between Moscow and Kiev. This does not prevent Turkey from establishing a solid relationship with Russia, so that it can mediate an agreement to export Ukrainian grain.
Turkey has the second largest army participating in the North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO), second only to the US Army, and is considered one of the main ally in the United States in the Middle East, Southeast Europe and Central Asia.
In the United States because of the purchase of the Russian S-400 air defense system, the United States excluded Turkey in the context outside the advanced fighter "F-35" manufacturer association, the relationship between the two countries worsening significantly. Describes as the extinction of Armenians, multiple meetings and many talks between US President Joe Bayeng and Turkish President Rejuepapip Erdogan and multiple talks have made for the normal process of the relationship between the two countries. contribute.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/opinions/expert-column/2023/7/11/%e7%be%8e%e5%9b%bd%e6%ac%a2%e8%bf%8e%e5%85%b6%e6%94%af%e6%8c%81%e7%91%9e%e5%85%b8%e5%8a%a0%e5%85%a5%e5%8c%97%e7%ba%a6%e5%9c%9f%e8%80%b3%e5%85%b6%e6%98%af%e5%90%a6%e5%9c%a8%e6%ac%a7%e7%9b%9f%e9%97%a8 
American legislators: Enterprises and the Communist Party of China are co -aggling human rights tolerance 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T14:41:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T15:28:35-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Chinese Commission of the United States Congress and the Administrative Authority held a hearing on July 11, 2023 on whether the multinational enterprises were supporting the actions of human rights in Chinese authorities [![] Reporter Jingwei Photography Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaODAO/JUNSHIWAIJIAO/jw-071112023111440.html/@stream The U.S. Congress held a hearing on Tuesday to review whether the relevant multinational companies provided support for the Chinese government's infringement of human rights. Some officials stated at the hearing that based on the "Prevention of Uyghur Labor Law", the US customs and government departments are increasing law enforcement to prohibit the entry of Chinese products involving forced labor.
China revised "Anti -Spy Law" Bain's search attracted the attention of the United States * Is the five US companies in China who are detained in China, are you really "the country's door is open"? 
On July 11, the CECC (CECC) of the Chinese Congress and the Chinese Congress (CECC) provided a hearing on whether the multinational enterprise was providing human rights for Chinese authorities to strengthen the review of the international supply chain. The chairman of the committee and Republican member Chrissmith pointed out at the hearing that since the 1990s, the US government has decoupled the trade with human rights in China, which has developed a threat of the Chinese authorities into a threat to democratic survival. Founded the road.
He said: "(At that time) expectations were that a strong trade may help China transform from dictatorship to a good democratic country to some extent. This expectation is wrong. This is not convincing in history. precedent."
Smith emphasized that China has seized benefits from rules -based international order, but its growing economic strength has made the authorities try to propose a systematic alternative to reshape human rights to obey the international order of the CCP's politics and ideology. Find an international enterprise in China or entering the Chinese market often finds that it is also involved in the risk of serving human rights for the CCP. These human rights behaviors involve racial extinction, imported forced labor products, forced harvesting human organs, establishing a large -scale technical monitoring system, and reviewing Internet information and restricting the freedom of speech of citizens.
Smith (right), chairman of the Chinese Committee of the United States Congress and the Chinese Committee, pointed out at the hearing that since the 1990s, the US government has decoupled trade with human rights issues in China, which has paved the development of the Chinese authorities into a threat to democratic survival. The road. (Reporter Jingwei Photography) 
Robertsilvers, deputy Minister of Land and Security Policy, said at a hearing that since the effectiveness of the Uighur Labor Law in June last year, the U.S. customs and border sector have investigated and punished by more than 1.4 billion More than 4,200 goods in the dollar. He emphasized that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security will continue to expand its efforts to enforce the above bills, including recently listed the two Chinese enterprises of Nasda and Sino -Thailand Chemistry in the "entity list" related to the "Prevention of Under the Labor Law of the Uighurs".
He said: "U.S. laws that are prohibited from importing these illegal goods reflect the values of our respect for human rights, protecting American workers and legal enterprises ... Our early law enforcement is strong, but we do face challenges."
Silfus acknowledged that the goods worth below 800 US dollars could not be reviewed when entering the US border.
Robert Selfus, Vice Minister of Homeland Security Policy, said at the hearing that since the effect of preventing the Uyghur Labor Law in June last year, the US customs and border sector have investigated and dealt with four four dollars worth more than $ 1.4 billion in four dollars. More than two hundred batches of goods. (Video screenshot/US Congress official website) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-11T14-41-00-04-00/000005.png) Enes Kanterfreedom, a former American Professional Basketball League (NBA) athletes, also said in testimony that he has been under pressure from the Chinese government because he has always advocated human rights and the previous "sneakers" incident, but this will not stop him from being stopped by him. Human rights sound.
In 2021, Kanter chose to wear a pair of sneakers with the words "liberating Tibet" to participate in the NBA competition. But before the competition, the two staff members asked him to take off his sneakers, which was rejected by Kanter. Later, during the midfield rest, Kanter received a notice from the manager saying that all his Celtics were banned in China. After the game, Kanter's behavior also attracted the resistance of Chinese fans.Cheng Yuan, the founder of the civilian public welfare institution "Changsha Funer", who was sentenced by the Chinese authorities with the "crime of subverting the state power", and his wife Shi Minglei told the American legislators at the hearing that the Chishan prison of her husband's sentence involved forced labor. Cheng Yuan himself was deeply persecuted.
Shi Minglei: "My husband is currently forced to do a lot of sewing work. If the prisoners refuse to work or have not completed a quota, they will be punished by various punishments, including for several hours in a row, forced to reach the indicators, cutting off their contact with their family members . In some cases, they will be beaten and shocking. "
Jeffmerkley, co -chairman of the Chinese Congress and the Chinese Committee of the United States Congress and the Chinese Commission, emphasized that the protection of the supply chain to avoid contamination of forced labor must be the primary problem of whether the enterprise is compliant. If any company is the CCP authorities Supporting support for racial extinction policies is unacceptable.
Reporter: Jingwei Responsibility: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei * **
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/jw-07112023111440.html 
China is believed to launch regulations as soon as this month strictly managed generated artificial intelligence operations 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T14:53:00+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 06:53:00Z
Description: China is believed to be issued by the release of production -based artificial intelligence regulations, and forced domestic enterprises to obtain a license before issuing related systems. People familiar with the matter said that Beijing is "giving up" because it is necessary to balance the revolutionary technology and the demand for controlling content to encourage local companies to develop this revolutionary technology.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-will-reportedly-announce-ai-rules-soon-20230711/7175577.html 
China -Australia contradiction upgrade: WeChat rejects the Australian Senate hearing 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-11T15:00:00Z
Description: Chinese social giant WeChat refused to participate in Australian social media intervention hearing, which caused a fierce response from Australia. Whether WeChat has influence on the Chinese Australian community has triggered a deeper discussion.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '澳大利亚', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '社交媒体', '中共十九大', '德国联邦大选']
Keywords: ['微信', '澳大利亚', 'James Paterson', '拒绝', '出席', '审查', '中国', '宣传', '社交媒体', '干预', '政治']
Id: 66192162
76%of the Chinese Australians said that they use WeChat every day
(Voice of Germany) Chinese social media application -WeChat is widely used in Australian Chinese. In the complex relations between the two countries, what role WeChat play has attracted widespread attention. WeChat has repeatedly rejected a hearing of the Australian Senate on interference in domestic political affairs through social media. The timing of the Australian official on Tuesday's hearings on Tuesday continued to increase by the Australian official's suspicion of WeChat.
Australian Liberal Senator Jamespaterson issued a letter claiming that WeChat has repeatedly rejected a hearing at the Australian Senate's foreign interference social media special committee. He told the Tencent's leadership to Shenzhen's headquarters in Shenzhen that if WeChat continued to refuse to publicize its position to Parliament, the committee may have a negative perception of it. In the letter, he wrote: "Some experts who testify in front of the committee believe that WeChat should be considered to protect the freedom of Australian users. If WeChat continues to refuse to attend the committee, we will inevitably be willing to be willing to be with Australia. Legal cooperation draws conclusions and makes corresponding suggestions. "
"I know in Australia, there are about one million users in Australia. I admit that it is a necessary communication tool for Australians with Chinese ancestry. However, the committee has received convincing evidence. [WeChat is the "narrative machine 'of the Communist Party of China]](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/智库中共通过微信控制澳洲中文媒体/a-55984361)We heard some disturbing allegations, that is, WeChat has been used to intimidate and harass Chinese Australian human rights activists and their families overseas to suppress their freedom of speech. "
WeChat and TIKTOK have become the target of government inspections in the United States
WeChat in Australia: Controversy and influence 
Hong Kong's "South China Morning Post" reported that WeChat does not have a resident employee in Australia, so the Australian Parliament cannot forced executives from Shenzhen, where Tencent Headquarters is located to attend the hearing. However, WeChat said, "WeChat strictly abides by all markets. We look forward to continuing to talk to those related to Australian interests."
"South China Morning Post" pointed out in the report: WeChat's influence and role in Australia attracted people's attention. A survey by the Lowy Institute of Sydney shows that WeChat is the third largest social media platform used by Australians daily, second only to YouTube and Facebook. 76%of Chinese Australians said they use WeChat every day, which has become the main source of news from Chinese Australians.
However, WeChat, as a platform for news and perspectives, has caused alertness in Australia's politics. During Morrison's ruling, the relationship between Beijing and Canberra was deteriorated, and WeChat faced the call for banning due to national security issues. In addition, WeChat is not the only Chinese application in Australia. In April this year, Australia announced that Tiktok will be removed from all federal governments. Today, social media companies, which have been interfered by domestic media in Australia through social media in Australia, also include Twitter and Lingying.
Kapland, a lecturer at Johns Hopkins University(Seth Kaplan)In April, I told relevant committees in Australia that although everyone is paying attention to video sharing application TIKTOK , But WeChat's threat to Australia's national security is more profound.
WeChat can't stand the refutation of the feet 
According to the Sydney Pioneer Morning News, WeChat argued to this that the application was designed for users outside China and was not under the jurisdiction of Chinese law. Tencent refers to the WeChat overseas version "WeChat". Tencent previously said that WeChat allows users to conduct private communication and will not push any content to users. Tencent has no editing control over the content of the users.
But this is not the case. WeChat has been able to accurately control what kind of users can send or accept. For example, if you use WeChat to send the banned book that the Chinese authorities are unwilling to see, users can see the PDF documentation smoothly, but the receiver cannot see any document. Both sides will not receive any wrong prompts. At the same time, if you publish some include Four Tongqiao " , "Eighty -ninety -sixth" chat messages or multimedia content, will also face similar problems. The scope of sensitive words will continue to change according to the current demand of the current publicity and censorship system in China.
However, "Sydney Pioneer Morning News" also pointed out that two Australian scholars stated in a document submitted to the investigation committee that it is forbidden to WeChat to prevent the country's huge and increasingly increasing Chinese community "emotion, psychology and actual actual Chinese community. harm".
In general, WeChat has attracted 1.25 billion monthly active users worldwide, most of which are located in China, and WeChat's influence in the global Chinese community cannot be ignored. On August 1st this year, Australia's relevant committees will submit policy recommendations to the government.
("South China Morning Post", "Sydney Pioneer Morning News", etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中澳矛盾升级：微信拒绝澳参议院听证/a-66192162?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
North Korea ’s exclusive economic zone“ invaded ”the exclusive economic zone of the U.S. reconnaissance aircraft threatened to make military countermeasures 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T15:11:38+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 07:11:38Z
Description: The sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong -un, Kim Jong -un, and Zheng Zheng, on Tuesday (July 11), once again accused the US strategic reconnaissance aircraft of "invading" its exclusive economic zone (EEZ) in the eastern waters, and threatened to take military operations against it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['朝鲜半岛局势', '亚太', '美国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/north-korea-issues-fresh-strike-warning-against-us-20230711/7175583.html 
The NATO Summit is in Lu Kewen: China South China Sea Sound harms international order 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T15:19:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T15:20:58-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Washington Think Tank Peace Research Institute held a seminar on July 11, 2023 on the Sales Safety situation involving the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea Video screenshot/official website of the Institute of Peace in the United States)
The North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) held a summit in Lithuania on Tuesday. The "Asia -Pacific" leaders of Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, and Japan will also attend the participation of the partners. On Tuesday, the U.S. think tank discussed with NATO and India -Pacific Security involving the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea.
NATO's new strategic concept refers to Beijing's systemic challenges invites the four Asia -Pacific countries to block China NATO Secretary -General Warning on China's coercion Asia -Pacific Four Kingdoms leaders attended the NATO Summit China expressed strong dissatisfaction With the increasing influence of China's external expansion, the situation of Indo -Pacific security has also become the focus of global attention. It is generally believed that at this NATO summit, leaders of various countries will also focus on discussing issues related to China. Among them, the "Four Asia -Pacific countries" of Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, and Japan also received invitations this year, and will participate in the summit for the second consecutive year as partners.
On July 11, the UNITED States Institute ofpeace was held for this seminar. Participants and officials focused on how the four Asia -Pacific countries should jointly protect the international order of the Indo -Pacific region. Australia, New Zealand, and New Zealand The embassies in South Korea and Japan all sent representatives to attend the meeting.
Former Australian Prime Minister and current Ambassador to the United States, Kevinrudd pointed out at the meeting that the international community's current security risks facing cross -regional security risks: "China's space station and Russia's space stations have brought new challenges to the world, ... … In addition to space and network security, in terms of geographical politics, countries are also very correlated. For example, most shipping worldwide needs to pass through the South China Sea. "
Former Australian Prime Minister and current ambassador to the United States, Lu Kewen pointed out at the meeting that the international community is currently facing cross -regional security risks. (Video screenshot/official website of the Institute of Peace in the United States) 
Japanese officials: Sino -Russian threats prompt the West to be more united 
Tamakitsukada, a Japanese official in the United States, pointed out that Russia's strategic alliances with China make the relationships with NATO and Indo -Pacific countries more closely: "Japan believes that defending existing international order can bring the greatest benefit to Japan. Japan and Russia and Russia In the Far East, there is a boundary problem that has not been solved. Japan also threatens to China every day in the East China Sea. "
At the seminar, the participating scholars mentioned that China has accused NATO of expansion through the Russian and Ukraine war and the so -called opening of the new Cold War. In response, Lu Kewen responded that China's point of view was "nonsense." Lu Kewen pointed out that the international court has ruled that China's sovereignty in the South China Sea is not in line with international law, and the result of not respecting the judgment is endangering the existing international order. The reason is also related to the threat of China's so -called rise.
Lu Kewen emphasized that China's official saying that "the intention of the United States and its allies to open the new Cold War through expansion of NATO is untenable.
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Editor: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei * **
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-07112023114740.html 
"Asia Pacific Report" July 11, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T15:25:46-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T15:25:46-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Liberty Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/YP-07112023091346.html/@stream The main content of this show:
1 . "To play light and heat in the place in need of the motherland", a special manuscript of "People's Daily" caused a rebound in public opinion;
2 . Beijing plans to prohibit the buses of Tiananmen Square set up body advertisements;
3 . With huge sums of money and marble to rectify the river, is the Zhengzhou authorities also "big coins"?
4 . The emergence of the China network about the collective significant salary reduction of the collective salary reduction in Guangdong, which aroused heated discussions on public opinion;
5 . The Taiwan military stated that the forthcoming Hanguang military exercise focuses on the anti -Chinese threat.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-07112023091346.html 
World Population Day: What will the world look like in 2050? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-11T15:37:15
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T15:37:15
Description: People from all over the world set July 11 as the World Population Day. The United Nations designated that day aims to focus on the urgency and importance of population issues, including the relationship between population problems and environment and human development.
Images: [" 1-1689089304.png ", " 2-1689089344.png ", " 1-1689089382.png ", " 3-1689089426.png ", " 4-1689089485.png ", " 1-1689089541.png "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '世界']
Type: Article
 (Peninsula TV)
People from all over the world set July 11 as the World Population Day. The United Nations designated that day aims to focus on the urgency and importance of population issues, including the relationship between population problems and environment and human development.
In the past 12 months, the world has witnessed two important population milestones. First of all, in November 2022, the global population officially reached 8 billion. Secondly, in April this year, according to the estimation of the United Nations, India surpassed China and became the world's most populous population in the world's most populated population. s country.
Although the world's population continues to grow, its growth rate is actually slowing down. Earlier this year, South Korea once again broke the record of the world's lowest fertility rate, and the birth rate of Asian countries including Japan and China also reached the lowest. level.
In the following information chart series, Peninsula TV analyzes the number of world population in detail and explains what the decline in population means to other parts of the world.
How to increase the population in the world within 70 years 
In 1955, there were 2.8 billion people on the earth. Today, this number is only the population of India and China.
The figure below shows how the world's population increases from 2.5 billion in 1950 to 8 billion in 2022, which has doubled. According to the estimation of the United Nations Division, by 2050, the world's population will reach about 9.7 billion.
 By 2050, the world's population will reach about 9.7 billion
By 2050, Nigeria is expected to be the third largest country in the world after India and China, followed by the United States, Pakistan, Indonesia, Brazil, the Democratic Republic of Democratic Republic, Ethiopia and Bangladesh.
 According to the United Nations prediction, the world's most populous population is in 2050. By 2050, the world population is expected to reach 9.7 billion (Peninsula TV Station)
Is the population of your country growing or decreased? 
In simple terms, the population of a country can be determined by four factors: birth, death, immigration (those who enter the country) and immigrants (those who leave the country).
If the number of births and the number of immigrants exceeds the number of deaths and the number of immigrants, the country's population will increase. On the contrary, if the opposite occurs, the population will decrease.
In 2022, nearly 134 million babies in the world were born, with an average of 367,000 newborn births per day. Although this may sound a lot, in fact, this is the lowest year since 2001.
The number of deaths in the world has gradually increased, from less than 50 million before the 1990s to 58 million in 2019. However, during the new crown period, the number of deaths increased sharply. In 2020, the number of deaths was 63 million, and the number of deaths in 2021 reached a record 69 million. It is estimated that about 67 million people died in 2022.
The end result was that the global population increased by 0.8%.
The figure below highlights the population growth rate of countries around the world in 2022.
 Is the population of your country growing or decreased?
Africa is the fastest -growing mainland in the world. The annual growth rate of Niger, Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Angola, Chad, Maria, and Somalia all exceeded 3%.
On the other hand, most of the regions with the fastest population in the world are located in Europe and East Asia, and the low birth rate has prompted governments to launch extensive economic incentives and support to new mothers.
For example, in South Korea, novice parents can get $ 10,500 cash subsidies to cope with the imminent population and economic disaster.
Decreased population and aging bring huge challenges to the labor market and the entire economy.
With the decline in the number of labor age population, major reforms need to be made to adjust social services and medical care systems to adapt to an aging population.
What is the average age of your country? 
A useful indicator of a country's population is to view the median age. It represents the age of half of the elderly and the age of half a year of light.
The global average age has now been recorded for the first time since 30 years.
The following table is arranged in the median age in the order from the oldest to the youngest.
 What is the average age of your country?
The world population exceeds one billion milestones 
Since 1800, the global population has increased by eight times, and the estimation of 1 billion in 1804 has increased to 8 billion in 2022. This growth has largely attributed to the development of modern medicine and agricultural industrialization to promote global food supply.
 Since 1800, the global population milestone has increased by eight times since 1800. From the estimated 1 billion in 1804 to 8 billion (Peninsula TV Station) in 2022 (Peninsula TV)
Although the global population is constantly innovating, the population experts point out that the annual growth rate has continued to decline below 1%.
According to these forecasts, the world population is expected to reach a peak of about 10.4 billion in the 1980s and maintain this level by 2100.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/7/11/%e4%b8%96%e7%95%8c%e4%ba%ba%e5%8f%a3%e6%97%a5%e4%ba%8c%e3%80%87%e4%ba%94%e3%80%87%e5%b9%b4%e7%9a%84%e4%b8%96%e7%95%8c%e4%bc%9a%e6%98%af%e4%bb%80%e4%b9%88%e6%a0%b7%e5%ad%90 
The Indonesian Maritime Police Team seizes suspected illegal transportation of crude oil super large tankers 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T15:39
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T15:44
Description: The Indonesian Coast Guard said the authorities have detained a super large tanker suspected of illegally transporting crude oil and hanging the Iranian flag. Comprehensive foreign news reports, the Indonesian Maritime Security Agency said on Tuesday (July 11) that the oil trade commercial super large tanker (VLCC) "ARM ... ARM ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['印尼', '伊朗', '石油', '原油']
The Indonesian Coast Guard said the authorities have detained a super large tanker suspected of illegally transporting crude oil and hanging the Iranian flag.
Comprehensive foreign news reports, the Indonesian Maritime Security Agency said on Tuesday (July 11) that the oil trade commercial super large tanker (VLCC) "ARMAN114" contained 27,200 tons of light crude oil at the time, worth more than 300 million US dollars (about about 300 million US dollars (about approximately S $ 400 million).
The authorities seized the "Arman 114" to a crude oil on Friday (7th) to send crude oil to a ship hanging on the Cameroon national flag "S TINOS". At that time, there were 29 crew members on the tanker.
The authorities are investigating the source and destination of oil, and vowed to strengthen the patrol of the sea in the Indonesian Maritime Police and other relevant authorities.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412815 
Reuters: Wagner's soldiers were approaching the Russian nuclear base when they changed 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T15:52
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T15:59
Description: Reuters announced an exclusive news that when the Russian mercenary organization Wagner's troops launched a mutiny on June 24, a team had escaped from the army to the north of Moscow and revolved in a rigid nuclear military base in eastern Russia. Reuters on Tuesday (July 11) quoted Wu ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯兵变', '俄乌战争', '俄罗斯', '核武器']
Reuters announced an exclusive news that when the Russian mercenary organization Wagner's troops launched a mutiny on June 24, a team had escaped from the army to the north of Moscow and revolved in a rigid nuclear military base in eastern Russia.
Reuters Kyrylobudanov, the head of Ukraine's military intelligence on Tuesday (July 11), quoted that the team has arrived at the nuclear military base in an attempt to seize the small nuclear weapons of the Soviet era to improve the bargaining chips that launch a mutiny.
Budhov said that the only obstacle of the Wagner forces is that nuclear military storage facilities have a multi -closed anti -theft door, making them unable to enter the technical department. It is reported that this kind of small nuclear bomb is very light. One person is enough to pick up, which is a weapon left over during the Cold War.
Reuters could not confirm the news. It said that Budanov did not provide evidence on this statement, and also refused to explain whether he had discussed this incident with the United States and other allies, and did not explain why the soldiers chose to retreat in the end.
However, an insider who had military contact with the Kremlin confirmed some of Budhov. A person familiar with the matter said that a special team of Wagner "managed to enter a special concern area, but the Americans were very excited because there were nuclear ammunition there."
The insiders in the Udon Russia -controlled area said that the Kremlin paid attention to it, and on the night of the 24th, the mediation of President Luchenko was arranged quickly with the Wagner rebels.
Both Kediya and Wagner have not responded.
U.S. officials expressed doubts about this statement. Hodg, a spokesman for the White House National Security Council, responded: "We cannot confirm this report, and there are no signs at any time that (Russia's) nuclear weapons or nuclear materials are dangerous."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412825 
Relative check ｜ The Ministry of Defense said & quot; than civilian casualties, defeating Russia is more important & quot;? 
Author: 作者：庄敬
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T15:54:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T16:34:15-04:00
Description: Author: Zhuang Jing
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
Tags: misleading 
Reading in one minute: 
The United States announced that it provided ammunition to Ukraine, causing disputes that may cause civilian casualties. Many Chinese official media reported that Colinkahl, deputy Minister of Defense, said that it was more important than defeating Russia than civilian casualties.
However, at a press conference on the 7th of the US Department of Defense, Carl did not say that "more important to defeat Russia than civilian casualties". The original meaning is: For the Ukrainian civilians, the worst situation is that Russia has won war. So what is important is that they cannot win. Moreover, Carl also explained the premise of the United States aid and Ukraine Bidth, including Ukraine's commitment to use these ammunition in civilian residential areas. A number of Chinese official media distorted Carl's original intention to spread misleading information.
Deep analysis: 
The United States announced on July 7th a new batch of military aid Ukrainian plans , Aid weapons contain controversial bundle ammunition, US President Bayeng said in an interview a few days ago This is "very difficult decision" because Ukraine's ammunition is almost used up. The United States has not signed the Convention on the Bomb, but this move has been opposed by the signed by the United Kingdom, Canada, and the criticism of human rights organizations.
China has not signed the "Convention on the Bomb Bomb" and China has not explicitly opposed it, but Ministry of Foreign Affairs's statement It is said that "irresponsible transfer cluster ammunition is easy to cause humanitarian issues." Official media reported a lot of related news. On the evening of July 9, Global Network used "" US Deputy Deputy Defense Ministers said more important than civilian casualties and defeat Russia "](https://world.huanqiu.com/article/4DeIjb7kSHG)It is reported to the title; followed by, CCTV also used "The United States will provide Ukraine with the deputy defense of the American Deputy Defense: more important to defeat Russia than civilian casualties" TV news broadcasts were conducted on the topic. Many media have successively quoted official media reports, and then produced graphic cards or editing into short videos. It spreads the remarks that "defeating Russia is more important than civilian casualties than civilian casualties" on the major social media platforms.

Chinanews and China News Agency released short videos and map cards on social media, saying that the Deputy Minister of Defense of the United States said that it is more important to defeat Russia than civilian casualties. The picture is taken from Weibo, Twitter
What did Carl say? 
Whether it is reported by Chinese official media or the discussion of netizens in social media, the words of Calle are highly similar. People focus and condemn the phrase "more important than civilian casualties to defeat Russia".
Calle, Deputy Minister of Defense, who is responsible for formulating national defense policies On the 7th in a press conference The original speech above is: "I'm as Concerned About the Humanitarian Circumstance As Anybody Butthe Worst Thing For Civilians in Ukraine is for Russia to Win the War. "tant that theydon'T." (I care about humanitarianism as much as everyone The situation, but for Ukraine civilians, the worst thing is that Russia has won war, so it is important that they cannot win.)
In the Chinese subtitles of CCTV's words, CCTV's "IT'SIMPORTANT" without comparative levels is not accurately translated as "more important". "Russia is more important".
In addition, the report also omitted the important explanation of Carl before this passage. Karl said at a press conference that the United States will use these weapons to be cautious in Ukraine guarantee, including the use of cluster ammunition in areas where civilians gather, and will carefully record the location of the use of use to clear the work and other work in the future.
in conclusion: 
The United States with a bundle ammunition to Ukraine has indeed triggered international disputes. Officials from the Ministry of Defense did not deny the existence of humanitarian risks, but they did not say that "more important than Russia is more important than civilian casualties." Reports from Chinese official media such as Global Network and CCTV not only disconnected the context, but also interpreted the speech of the US Department of Defense officials, creating the "irresponsible" image of the United States that only cares about defeating Russia and does not care about Ukrainian civilians. "Introduction" misleads the audience.
ASIA FACT Checklab is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about any media and social software dissemination, welcome to the AFCL@rfa.org sent to the Asian facts checking laboratory with email, and we will check and verify it for you. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-07112023154706.html 
The road closure and the arrest of Israel to protest the "judicial amendment" plan and the government accused Biden incite the protests 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:15:58
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T16:15:58
Description: On Tuesday, tens of thousands of Israeli demonstrators blocked the main crossroads of Tel Aviv and the occupied Jerusalem to protest the draft judicial amendments.
Images: [" 1-1689091869.png "]
Topics: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻', '以色列']
Type: Article
 The demonstrators who reject the judicial amendment conflict with the Israeli police (Anadoru News Agency)
On Tuesday, tens of thousands of Israeli demonstrators blocked the main crossroads of Tel Aviv and the occupied Jerusalem to protest the draft judicial amendments.
The opponent announced that on Tuesday, it was a mobilization and assembly demonstrators' opposition to the day of the Parliament on Monday night.
A reporter from the Peninsula reported that the demonstrators conflicted with the Israeli police, which prompted the cavalry forces and border police forces to suppress the protests after arriving at the headquarters of the Supreme Court of Israel and prevent protesters from going to the city's main axis.
The organizers of protests called their activities as "National Paralyzing Day", and these activities were spread all over cities and continued until night.
The demonstrators ignited empty tires in several cities and blocked the streets with small tents. Hundreds of people wielded the Israeli national flag parade.
arrest 
The Israeli police said they arrested 66 demonstrators and emphasized that they would not allow violations of public order, disturb traffic rules, and close the road of emergency rescue vehicle.
A reporter from the Peninsula TV also reported that after thousands of protesters arrived at the airport, the Director of the Israeli Police Department Director Yakov Shabette arrived at the Ben Gurian Airport to supervise the progress of security measures.
Israeli media reports, including Channel 12, said that the police forces appeared at the airport and tried to transfer the demonstrators from the main travel hall to the affiliated hall, but it was not available.
The Director of the Police Department, Yakov Shabeta, confirmed on Monday that the police were a non -political entity. The basis of operation was equal to demonstration, and a zero tolerance was admitted to disturbing public order and violent behavior against the police.
At the same time, former Prime Minister and leaders of security agencies have also called on citizens to obey to curb their so -called coup plans for judicial institutions.
指 
Against this background, Israeli Minister Amy Jue Hickley has accused U.S. President Joe Bayeng "play an important role" in the protests of the judicial amendment plan.
According to the Israeli newspaper "Land News" and a local religious radio station, Hickley said on Tuesday that "the Bayeng government has a close relationship with the Israel opposition leader Ail Lapd, and there is a deep relationship between them."
Hickley added that it is interesting that whenever the protests need to be suppressed, Biden's remarks about Israel are consistent.
In an interview with the US network "CNN" on Sunday, Bayeng criticized the Israeli government led by Benjamin Neganya, calling it the "most extreme government."
Biden has called on the Israeli government and the opposition more than once to reach a consensus on the draft judicial amendments.
Hickley said, "Biden's remarks seem to be premeditated and planned." He also added, "Therefore, the United States has played an important role in inciting protests."
Hickley is a member of the Lepad Group led by Prime Minister Neitanahu.
The Biden government did not comment immediately on Hickley's remarks, but had previously denied similar allegations proposed by Israeli officials in the past few weeks.
Social division 
On Monday night, the Israeli Parliament voted to support a legal amendment to reduce the power to reduce the power of the Supreme Court with 64 votes and 56 votes.
The bill still requires a second and third -reading voting before becoming the law, but the voting date has not been determined.
Some members of the Likardia Group led by Neitanahu said that the bill will be diluted before entering the final vote, and they hope to complete the work before the parliament will be completed on July 30th.
The amendment proposed by the Neitana government aims to reduce the power of the Supreme Court judge to overthrow the government's decision and appointment of the government's decision and appointment if the court believes that the government believes that the government decides and appoints is unreasonable, violates the Basic Law or contradicts the judicial decision.
The differences in the differential amendments have caused cracks in Israeli society. Neitaniahu, which has been tried due to corruption allegations, has suspended the approved amendment plan. Last month, I was deadlocked.
Opponents said that judicial supervision can help prevent corruption and abuse of power, while supporters said that this change will promote effective governance by restricting court intervention, and judges have other legal means to supervise.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/middle-east/question-of-palestine/2023/7/12/%e5%b0%81%e8%b7%af%e4%b8%8e%e9%80%ae%e6%8d%95 
The person in charge of the US think tank was charged as a Chinese agent abandoning and absconding 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:20:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T16:44:57-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Gal Luft, co -director(Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-11T16-20-00-04-00/000001.png)](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-07112023161303.html/@@images/image)Oil pipe video screening. According to ABC reports, New York prosecutors accused the former director of the Washington Think Tank Global Safety Tank Global Safety Tank Institute on Monday (July 10). Under the circumstances as a Chinese agent, Iranian officials meet with a Chinese energy company on the premise of sanction in Iran to discuss oil transactions. Prosecutors said that Lubch was arrested in Cyprus in February this year and faced American allegations, but abandoned the bid to abscond during the extradition. Louch, 57, has dual nationality in the United States and Israel. The complaint also accused Lubord's replacing China in 2016 to pay a consultant of President Trump, which promoted policies that are conducive to China, and drafted comments in the name of the consultant to publish in Chinese newspapers. In addition, prosecutors also stated that Louch has contributed to Chinese companies to sell weapons to Libya, UAE, Kenya and other countries. Ru Ford responded on Twitter that he had never been a arms dealer; he also argued in the tweet in February that he was arrested in Cyprus as a request for extradition of the United States for his political motivation. The Institute of Global Security Analysis, which belongs to Louch, issued a statement on Tuesday, saying that Lubord was a completely upright and honest person who was confident and confident in his innocence. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-07112023161303.html 
The arrest of Xinjiang female college students in the Kashgar Women's Prison served a sentence 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:22:59-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T16:22:59-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 19 -year -old college student Kamileway (Kamilewayit)In December 2022, he was taken away after returning to Xinjiang in the winter vacation. Kaowe Salvyi provided/RFA information According to the Uyghur group of this station, the 19 -year -old Xinjiang female college student Kamileway, a 19 -year -old Xinjiang female college student arrested by the Chinese government at the end of last year this March this year, promoted the crime of "proclaiming extremism "Three years in prison, he is currently serving a prison in the Kashgar Muzhus prison. The outside world did not know her sentence and where she was detained. According to sources, Wayti was detained at the Abutash National Security Detention Center for 6 months before serving his prison. Because the international community pays more attention to her arrest, her sentence is short. Earlier in the large -scale arrests of Uighurs in 2017, the shortest sentence period is 5 to 6 years, and the longest can be extended to 10 years. Wayi was arrested by the Chinese police because of the release of white paper sports videos on WeChat at the end of last year. The international journal "Economist" survey learned that Wayi was accused of spreading "reactionary speech" to disrupt public order. On the same day, there were four other students sentenced, but their identity information could not be confirmed. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-07112023162056.html 
Kishida Wenxiong: Japan and NATO will announce cooperation documents 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:23
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T16:23
Description: Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishita went to Lithuania to attend the NATO summit on Tuesday (July 11) and attended a regular meeting in the EU summit in Belgium. Kyodo News reported that Kishida revealed that Japan will announce cooperation documents discussed with NATO. This cooperation document will cover the ocean ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '北约', '岸田文雄']
Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishita went to Lithuania to attend the NATO summit on Tuesday (July 11) and attended a regular meeting in the EU summit in Belgium.
Kyodo News reported that Kishida revealed that Japan will announce cooperation documents discussed with NATO. This cooperation document will be a "individual targeted partnership plan" (ITPP) covering the cooperation of marine security, false information countermeasures, and space fields.
Kishida will hold talks with South Korean President Yin Xiyue and Ukraine President Zeleziski while attending the NATO summit.
It is reported that before Kishida arrives in Lithuania, it will stay in Poland and think that special planes are cheering. The government insiders revealed that the talks between Kishida and Polish Prime Minister Moravitzki were coordinating.
Kishida will negotiate with the European Council Chairman Michelle and the chairman of the European Commission Feng Delin on the expansion of bilateral economic security and network cooperation. According to the plan, Kishida will return to China on Friday (14th).
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412835 
Chinese women are dissatisfied with the five places of the British military, referred to for the agent to defend their rights to defend their rights 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:31:25-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T16:31:25-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Hong Kong's "South China Morning Post" reported that Chinese women named Christine Lee sued five military conditions in London. Screenshot of the South China Morning Post page. According to the Hong Kong "South China Morning Post", Chinese women named Christinelee claimed to the agency in London because of the five agents of the Chinese government because the British government was considered by the British military. Five British military sentiment issued a warning to the British Parliament last January, saying that the woman participated in the "political intervention activity" on behalf of the Communist Party of the Chinese ruling party in the UK. Link Hoil, Speaker of the House of Commons, passed the alerts of the military conditions to members of the military, and stated that the military situation found that the woman named Li from Hong Kong and China provided fiscal donations to the current members and those who might be elected members. The woman named Li denied the allegations and sued five military conditions in London to seek compensation for her human rights. The hearing held on Tuesday (July 11) asked the military situation to provide the results of the military survey of the women surnamed Li interference in British politics, but the lawyers of the five military conditions said that they did not need to disclose more information to Li himself. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-07112023162354.html 
The Israeli Congress reads the renovation of the dispute and the national re -explosion demonstration 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T16:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Jerusalem, 11th) The Israeli parliament today passed an important proposal in the judicial reform plan. A few hours later, protests broke out across the country. Opponents said that the transformation plan will threaten democracy.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Network of Benjamin Netanyahu put forward a large -scale demonstration after he proposed a reform plan in January, and has continued to promote this controversial reform to date.
The protesters blocked the roads of Israel and gathered at Ben Gurion Airport near Tel Aviv. Police said more than 40 people were arrested in the morning.
"I came here because the government is destroying-completely destroying-Israel's democracy. We will fight to the end because the government is destroying-completely destroy-completely destroy-completely destroy-completely destroy-completely destroy-completely destroy-Israel."
Jalun protested on the highway on the outskirts of Jerusalem, and there were police nearby to disperse demonstrators with high -pressure water cannons.
The traffic along the highway near Modin, a central city of Israel, was paralyzed by demonstrators. Moidi is located between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
Near the Jerusalem Parliament, more protesters waved the blue and white national flags and drums, and the police deployed a mortar policeman.
Police issued a statement stating that they "recognize the freedom of demonstration and also maintain laws and order.
Israel's protest leader has previously announced that it will launch a one -day demonstration and is expected to hold dozens of rally across the country.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E4%BB%A5%E8%89%B2%E5%88%97%E5%9B%BD%E4%BC%9A%E4%B8%80%E8%AF%BB%E9%80%9A%E8%BF%87%E4%BA%89%E8%AE%AE%E5%8F%B8%E6%94%B9%E6%A1%88-%E5%85%A8%E5%9B%BD%E5%86%8D%E7%88%86%E7%A4%BA%E5%A8%81 
Swinging is impossible 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:35:43-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T16:35:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China National Internet Information Office launched the "Administrative Measures for the Genesis Artificial Intelligence Services" on April 11th Online screenshot According to the British "Financial Times" report, insiders revealed that the China Internet Information Office plans to tighten the draft artificial intelligence regulatory regulations issued in April this year. Approval. The previous draft stipulated that the technology company registered with the Chinese government within 10 days after the product was released. The report pointed out that the Chinese government tighten the above measures to encourage domestic technology companies to balance between the development of artificial technology and control production content review. The above new rules will be included in the draft regulations as soon as this month. However, insiders analyzed that regulatory measures should avoid stifling the technological development of artificial intelligence, and the Chinese government has moved on this. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-07112023163219.html 
"Nine -stage Line" happened again, Wang Kai ate in Vietnam 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:43:23-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T16:43:23-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China has a sequential line in the South China Sea Sound of the territory; there are nine interruption lines, called the "nine sections" According to Bloomberg, Wikipedia, the Vietnamese government requested the streaming media platform Netflix on Monday (July 10) and the Vietnamese telecommunications operator FPTTELECOM. China is used to mark the "Nine Section Line" map of the south of China Sea. Wang Kai, a famous Chinese actor Wang Kai, served as the actor of the play. The Ministry of Culture of Vietnam also posted on the official website that although FPT Telecom made vaguely on the map, the improper content in the play violated the Vietnam sovereignty law. FPTTELECOM then withdrew "Walk to the Wind", but the representative of Netflix in Vietnam refused to comment. The report emphasized that this was the third time Vietnam reviewed entertainment programs for eight days due to the "Nine Section Line" map. Last week, due to the same problem, Vietnam banned the release of the Hollywood movie "Barbie", and investigated the Vietnamese tour organizer of the Korean top women's group Blackpink, and forced it to withdraw similar maps. The waters of China's "Nine -segment Line" icon are partially overlapped with the Vietnamese exclusive economic zone. At the same time, the Philippines, Brunei, Malaysia, etc. also claim their rights and interests in this sea area. (Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-07112023163640.html 
Nearly 50 % to 25 to 49, South Korea is unmarried 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T16:50
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T17:00
Description: The South Korean government announced data that nearly 50 % of men in South Korea are unmarried in men aged 25 to 49. In addition, one of each three women is unmarried. Yonhap News Agency reported that the South Korean Department of Statistics' Department of Statistics issued "Changes in Low birth rate and Korean society" on Tuesday (July 11) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '婚姻']
The South Korean government announced data that nearly 50 % of men in South Korea are unmarried in men aged 25 to 49. In addition, one of each three women is unmarried.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that the South Korean Department of Statistics released the "change rate of low birth rate and Korean society" on Tuesday (July 11). The report states that South Korea's single men and women are rising rapidly. Among them, the unmarried ratio of men aged 25 to 49 is increasing year by year. The unmarried ratio is 35.3%in 2010. However, after 10 years, this data jumped to 47.1%. Essence
The unmarried ratio of Korean women has also continued to increase. In 2010, it was 22.6%, and in 2020, it rose to 32.9%.
In addition, South Korea's registration rate is decreasing year by year. Data show that in 2022, only 19.2,000 applications were registered, a decrease of 103,000 compared with 295,000 pieces in 1970. It is reported that the average first marriage age of Korean men is 33.7 years old and women are 31.3 years. The gap between the two is 2.5 years, which is slightly narrowed from the 2.7 -year -old gap in 2012.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412846 
Comments | He Qinglian: China and the United States want to understand: the real economy cannot be lost 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T17:00:09-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T17:00:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The national flag of the United States and China Associated Press Picture
When the virtual capital (finance)+technology creation income is N times larger than the real economy and the profit cycle is greatly shortened, all countries with conditions want to be a strong science and technology country, and they have moved traditional industries such as machinery manufacturing to other countries. However, a Russian -Ukraine War was hit, and even the world ’s power of the world’ s status in NO.1 also found that industry cannot be lost and it must be picked up, otherwise the status of the world ’s first military power may be threatened. On the contrary, Xi Jinping once again emphasized the development of the "real economy" in Suzhou's speech during his inspection of Jiangsu, but encountered a spoof of netizens, fabricated a legend of 86 pages of speeches, and compiled ten sentences about China according to Xi Liannian speech. The "news" of self -reliance and closing the country, several overseas Chinese media are widely spread.
The spoof is fun, but the true value of the above two news is obliterated: under the demonstration effect of the United States and China, the international global division of labor systems will have important changes.
American enlightenment: war needs industry 
"The Wall Street Journal" published "The U.S. Defense Industrial Base is Not PreparedFor Conflict Withchina" on July 10th. In the event of a consuming war, the most important experience will be discussed at the upcoming summit. "The most important experience comes from the Russian and Ukraine War:" A battle that is about life and death in order to ensure the supply of weapons and ammunition for troops. The party's party will lose this war. This is a lesson that Washington is re -recognizing. The Russian and Ukraine War exposes the huge deficiencies of the West in national defense industry and organization. "The United States and its allies have not yet done well In the Pacific region, if the United States has a positive conflict with Russia or China, the precision weapon inventory may be used for several hours or days. Other important materials will be exhausted quickly. The United States general who attended the meeting said that in the future, the United States to develop the defense industry needs more support for the private sector.
This article is really sighing, because "the soldiers and horses are not moving, the grain and grass first" (the grain and grass here refers to logistics supply) is the basic truth that soldiers must know since ancient times. Western countries mainly focus on consumer supply in the peaceful age, and many of the time of war have been forgotten by politicians. Therefore, General Robbauer, a senior military officer in NATO, said that "each war will become a logistical competition after each war is about five days or six days."
The content of the WSJ article next is to care about the situation of the Russian and Ukraine war (not referring to the person who calls a certain party every day).
This war first made the Western governments realize that it is not enough for national fiscal revenue to supply social welfare only. Love things: The security of our Western countries has the "leader" in the United States. We focus on the development of welfare and love cause. We must not only meet the growing welfare needs of the people in the country, but also meet the benefits of external illegal immigrants. After the start of the Russian and Ukraine War, the two major European countries knew that the war was supported by military strength, and had to make a statement: French President Macron promised to implement the "war economy" to increase the production of military materials. German Prime Minister Tsurtz said it would increase national defense costs and military expenditures.
In the past 30 years, the United States has focused on cracking down on terrorism and protecting land safety, and there are a large number of weapon inventory. But on April 14, 2022, Bloomberg published an article "Ukrainewar Is DEPLETINGARICA's Arserica's Artmocracy" in Bloomberg. The article said that the United States adopted the "Democratic Army Fire in the Ukraine." The strategy of the library is to avoid direct intervention in Russia's military operations, but to provide funds and weapons to the Kiev government by cooperating with the allies. This conflict has become high and long -lasting, consumes a lot of ammunition and important military assets. This article quotes officials of the Pentagon that Kiev consumes "anti -tank ammunition that takes a week to transport" every day. The author analyzed that this brought a serious choice to Western countries: whether to choose to provide more materials to Ukraine, or save its limited military capabilities for its own defense. At that time, the senior officers of the Pentagon pointed out that the United States now has production weapons technology, but it lacks corresponding production capacity in China.
Xi Jinping has always emphasized the development of the real economy after taking over 
China is a post -development country. In the globalized international division of labor system, it is at a low end. The formation of this division of labor system is as follows: The third major transfer of the world industry in the end of the 1970s began in the late 1970s. In the early 1990s, the Soviet -Eastern Eastern European socialist countries collapsed one after another. After a few years, the globalization officially started. Finally, a world industrial pyramid structure was formed: the top is the financial industry, and the three major financial rating institutions are all in the United States; the second level is science and technology and education. This Of course, it is also the United States; the third level is high -end manufacturing. Germany and Japan monopolize most markets. Some old -fashioned industries have their own advantages in special industries that are good at; the fourth level is the low -end manufacturing industry. , Shoes and caps, luggage, toys and other consumer goods markets. However, in this process, China has gradually transformed industrial transformation in various ways including infringement of intellectual property rights. Two years after Xi Jinping took over as the head of the Communist Party of China, "Made in China 2025" came out. The original focus was to develop mechanical manufacturing and heavy industries, and also included other new industries. That is to say, the Chinese economic structure has been adjusted. Although the results may not be like the Chinese authorities, the Chinese authorities may not It is expected to be so good.
It is worth noting that China's manufacturing industry includes the military industry. Taking the "2021 World Defense Top 100 World Defense List" released by the United States Defense News Network as an example, US military companies occupy six places. The remaining three are from China, ranking sixth, eighth, and ten respectively. They are: China Aviation Industry Group, China Weapon Industry Group, China Shipbuilding Heavy Industry Group. In December 2022, the Stockholm Institute of International Peace (SIPRI), Sweden, released the military fire industry data, saying that the world's 100 military firemen, the United States accounted for 40 seats and 8 seats in China; 4 seats. The international division of labor system will be major adjustment 
Knowing the world must start with the facts of cognition. The United States is a global promoter and the biggest profitable person in globalization (the price is the decline of the manufacturing industry in the country); China is the largest net profit of globalization. However, Xi Jinping, the leader of the Communist Party of China, is different from the first two to enjoy the advantages of globalization. When he took over, the Chinese economy had passed the heyday. He had his own ideas for the adjustment of China's economic structure and future development. 》 In 2015, he began to launch a stronger state -owned enterprise reform plan (this plan was criticized), and at the same time emphasized the development of the real economy and made the Chinese economy from reality; Importance and necessity. In 2019, the Sino -US trade war was launched, and the CCP made a lot of preparations to reduce the "US dependence". All this was continuously explained by the outside world as "closing the country" and "restoring the planned economy". This explanation is an intentional misunderstanding.
This time Xi Jinping's Suzhou speech did say, "It is necessary to take adherence to the real economy and build a modern industrial system as the essential of a strong province." Coupled with the two sessions in 2022, he said that "a big country like us must rely on ourselves", and the "to bring the rice bowl in your own hands" that he said earlier, so he was spoofed by netizens into 10 sentences that were closed to lock the country. In the case, many overseas Chinese media reposted -in fact, if there are 86 pages of the 86 -page lecture on the leader, if there is such a secretary, it will have been fried.
Recently at the NATO conference, the US military representatives said that the war needs to rely on the industry's industry. In Western popularity, it is to reduce economic dependence on external (especially to enemy countries); in words that Chinese people are well known, it is, it is, it is well -known Chinese. Began to talk about American industry self -reliance. Following China, the United States emphasizes the need to develop the entity (industrial) economy, which will definitely bring changes to the global division of labor system and industrial layout. Of course, this change does not happen overnight, it takes time.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/heqinglian/hql-07112023163627.html 
Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang disappeared for more than two weeks and caused speculation that Hong Kong media claimed that it was diagnosed with new crown pneumonia 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T17:04:49+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 09:16:05Z
Description: Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang disappeared for more than two weeks and caused speculation that Hong Kong media claimed that it was diagnosed with new crown pneumonia
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '中国'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-foreign-minister-not-seen-in-2-weeks-20230711/7175620.html 
China takes action to revitalize economic European stocks to collect high 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T17:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T17:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 11th) As China adopted a weak activity to revitalize the economy, the European stock market closed up today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The London FTSE 100 Index rose 8.73 points or 0.12%to close 7282.52 points.
The Frankfurt DAX index rose 117.18 points or 0.75%to close 15790.34 points.
The Paris CAC 40 index rose 76.32 points or 1.07%to close 7220.01 points.
Beijing yesterday imposed a huge fine on Financial Technology Ant Group and Tenpay, and hinted that the supervision and rectification of the technology industry was about to end.
The Chinese authorities urged banks and other financial institutions to re -negotiate loan conditions yesterday to provide more loose conditions for developers in trouble to ensure the delivery of houses under construction.
China Financial Official Media reported today that Beijing may take more housing market support measures and measure measures to boost corporate confidence. (Translator: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230711-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E9%87%87%E5%8F%96%E8%A1%8C%E5%8A%A8%E6%8C%AF%E5%85%B4%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E-%E6%AC%A7%E8%82%A1%E6%94%B6%E9%AB%98 
Burmese crisis exposes cracks, Chairman of Asan, urges unity 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T17:39
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T17:39
Description: The Minister of Foreign Minister of Asians gathered on Tuesday (July 11) in Jakarta, Indonesia, to participate in the two -day alliance meeting, and discussed the Myanmar crisis. Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that Guo Indonesia, the chairman of the Asian Run Delivery, called on the alliance to unite the Myanmar crisis, and ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['缅甸', '亚细安', '缅甸军方']
The Minister of Foreign Minister of Asians gathered on Tuesday (July 11) in Jakarta, Indonesia, to participate in the two -day alliance meeting, and discussed the Myanmar crisis.
Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that Guo Indonesia, the chairman of the Asian Wheel Value, called on the alliance to unite the Myanmar crisis and point out the importance of unity and consensus and maintain reputation.
Although Indonesian Foreign Minister Reitino did not mention the Myanmar crisis directly in the opening speech at the plenary conference, it showed that Yajia'an "can only play a role only under the condition of credibility."
"Therefore, we have no choice but to reflect that Yaiman can control the area and global dynamics, and continue to instill the cooperation paradigm ... Only by maintaining the unity and central status of the alliance can we achieve this goal."
Indonesia has been trying to contact the main stakeholders of Myanmar and promote the peace process in Myanmar behind the scenes, but these efforts were "hit" in June because the Thai -guard government held an unilateral formal meeting in order The issue of contact.
However, the main alliance members refused to attend this meeting. The outside world generally believed that the Thai government's move destroyed the previous contact with the Jakarta's previous contact with the Burmese government.
Reterno has recently stated that any "zero -sum method" means that Myanmar may never achieve lasting peace.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412858 
Faid revealed that it will provide new weapons to Ukraine 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T18:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T18:17
Description: France announced that it would provide long -range missiles to Ukraine, while German officials revealed that they would provide the Ukraine with "very considerable" new military equipment. Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that French President Macron said on Tuesday (July 11) that France will begin to provide remote missiles to Ukraine, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '德国', '法国', '乌克兰', '武器']
France announced that it would provide long -range missiles to Ukraine, while German officials revealed that they would provide the Ukraine with "very considerable" new military equipment.
Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that French President Macron said on Tuesday (July 11) that France will begin to provide long -range missiles to Ukraine, so that the Ukraine can carry out self -defense.
When Macron arrived in Lithuania to participate in the NATO summit, "I have decided to increase the delivery of weapons and equipment, so that Ukraines have the ability to conduct in -depth blows, while maintaining our principles and allowing Ukraine to defend their territory."
However, Macron refused to disclose more related details.
The Kremlin responded on the same day that Moscow would respond to France with long -range missiles to the France.
On the other hand, a senior official in Germany revealed on Monday (10th) that Germany would promise to provide Ukraine with a military assistance of 700 million euros (about S $ 1 billion) at the NATO summit.
In May of this year, Berlin announced to provide Kiev with a new weapon plan worth 2.7 billion euros.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412867 
The false news of slandering the United States flying around the Taiwan government is busy clarifying 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T18:02:29+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 10:02:29Z
Description: The development of the three sides of the United States, China and Taiwan has affected the situation in the Taiwan Strait. As the situation in the Taiwan Strait is tight, recently, Taiwan has frequently circulated false information that vilified US -Taiwan relations, including "Taiwan's development of biological warfares under pressure under the United States" and "the United States evacuated in Taiwan citizens" And the "American Association in Taiwan (AIT) and students grabbing the ground" made the Taiwan government tired of clarifying that it was suspected that the CCP wanted to achieve a new wave of political manipulation made by Taiwan media.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/taiwan-has-recently-faced-intense-disinformation-attacks-20230711/7175645.html 
Watching China by the world media: What is the achievement in Yellen's visit 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金哲)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T18:25:55+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 17:02:34Z
Description: As the US -China relations continue to be tight, US Finance Minister Yellen has a four -day visit to China. At the end of the visit, Yellen said that her talks with the Chinese government leaders were fruitful. The results or achievements in the visit have different interpretations.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['世界媒体看中国', '美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '美中关系', '中国召开两会']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/world-media-on-china---looking-at-sino-us-status-quo-after-yellen-s-visit-20230711/7175663.html 
Thailand's Prime Minister Ba Yu announced his withdrawal from politics 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T18:28
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T18:44
Description: Thailand's Prime Minister Ba Yu announced his withdrawal from politics on Tuesday (July 11). Reuters reported that Bayu issued a statement saying: "From now on, I want to withdraw from politics and resign from the positions of the Thais to unite the party members of the founding party." Bayu said: "As a prime minister, I strive to protect the country and religion ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['泰国', '巴育', '泰国政局', '泰国人团结建国党']
Thailand's Prime Minister Ba Yu announced his withdrawal from politics on Tuesday (July 11).
Reuters reported that Bayu issued a statement saying: "From now on, I want to withdraw from politics and resign from the positions of members of the Thais united the founding party members."
Bayu said: "As the Prime Minister, I strive to protect the country, religion and monarchy, and seek benefits for the people of my dear ... I strive to strengthen the stability and peace of the country in various fields, and overcome many obstacles in China and internationally."
The statement pointed out that before the establishment of the new government, Bayu will continue to serve as Prime Minister of Thailand.
The new parliament is planned to be held on Thursday (13th) and conducts the first round of voting on the new candidate for the new Prime Minister. If the new Prime Minister cannot be selected, the second round of voting will be held next Wednesday (19th). If there is no result in the second election, the third round of voting will be held next Thursday (20th).
Bayu said earlier that if the Thailand Party could not organize the government, he would withdraw from politics.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412879 
On Tuesday, the U.S. market has slightly increased the key talk about Facebook's parent company Meta Platforms applied Threads 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T19:45
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T19:47
Description: The US Wall Street stock market stock index futures have risen slightly on Tuesday (July 11). Most of the investors look more cautious when waiting for the consumer price index in June that were released on Wednesday (12th). At 7 pm, the standard and the Poole 500 index period ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国股市', '美市', '财经即时', 'Meta', '推特']
Tuesday (July 11) Key points: 
Before the trading focus: 
Meta Platforms (Nasdaq Stock Exchange code: Meta) 
 Compared with the previously popular OpenAI chat robot ChatGPT, Threads has also reached a milestone of 100 million users. At that time, ChatGPT reached 100 million users in two months. (Reuters)
Since Facebook's parent company Meta Platforms launched MicroBLOGGINGICE named Threads last Wednesday (5th), the competitive social media Twitter has slowed down. Threads has more than 100 million registered users.
On the same day of THREADS, Instagram CEO of Instagram, which belongs to Meta PlatForms, Adam Mosseri and multiple Metaplatforms executives, they shouted one after another, saying that Threads is a community that "never really embrace Twitter" More suitable "social places". So far, from the perspective of the number of users, these communities seem to agree with this statement.
Starting from Threads to launch, the basic trend of Meta Platforms' stock price has also been high. In the past month, the standard and the Pur 500 index rose by 1.63 %, while the stock price of Metaplatforms had 8.50 % during this period.
Meta Platforms CEO Markzuckerberg said in a post overnight: "The registration volume in the first weekend has reached 100 million households. We still have many promotional activities. Only five days!".
Compared with the previously popular OpenAI chat robot ChatGPT, Threads has also reached a milestone of 100 million users. At that time, ChatGPT reached 100 million users in two months.
Of course, Threads still has a lot of room for development, and the most basic is that it has not yet launched in the European market. Mesyli once said that there are still some complex regulatory problems in the European market that need to be resolved. However, if Threads can continue to retain its user group, it is likely to be Twitter's real competitors. According to Twitter's last quarter performance report before being fully acquired by the world's richest man Musk, daily active users who can make money by Twitter are nearly 238 million households.
In fact, Twitter seems to have felt pressure at this stage. According to the data company Similarweb, which specializes in network analysis, compared with one week ago, the two days before Threads launched, Twitter's overnight network traffic has fallen by 5 %. Compared with the same period in 2022, Twitter's Twitter's Network traffic has dropped by 11 %.
Maybe this is why Twitter Musk broke through 100 million users, and wrote to MetaplatForms through his long -term lawyer Alex Spiro, accusing Threads of one of the reasons for "illegal theft" business secrets.
 Twitter Musk wrote to Meta Platforms through his long -term lawyer Alexspiro, accusing Threads of "illegal theft" business secrets. (Reuters)
In Tipranks's 39 analysts, it also seems to be very optimistic about the MetaplatForms of Threads. Among them, 35 of them gave the stock "buy" rating, and four gave "holding" rating, and the average target price of the one -year period was $ 304.21.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412891 
The Ukrainian female will play the "new mother" and be surprised to retreat and go through the top 4 of the Winnet 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T20:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T19:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 11th) Ukrainian player Siwitina, who has not listed seeds, performed "New Mom" again in the Wemblenon Network today, with 7-5, 6-7 (5-7), Poland, the first Polish player in the world ranked 1st in the world, Iga ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Elina SVITOLINA, the 76th in the world, returned to the tour in April this April after October. She will play against the Czech Republic, Marstavondrousova, and fight for 15 Day final ticket.
Svitolina participated in the card as a card this time. She went all the way and chopped all the way. Four players who had won the Grand Slam competition first took the first round to win the American star Venuswilliams, and then knocked down the American good player Konin ( Sofia Kenin, then overthrew the 19th seed, Belarusaland, Victoriazarenka. Today, nearly three hours after the fierce battle, the US Open and the French Open are currently dusty.
Svitolina said after the race that she intends to "enjoy a glass of beer at this moment."
"If you tell me before the game, I will reach the top 4, and I will say you are crazy." Svitolina also broke into the top 8 in the French Open last month.
In another women's singles competition, the 42nd non -seed player Wanzhuosova, who ranked 42nd in the world, defeated the fourth seed Jessicapegula in 6 to 4, 2, 6, 6, and 4. ), Break into the top 4. (Translator: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230711-%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E5%A5%B3%E5%B0%86%E5%86%8D%E6%BC%94-%E6%96%B0%E5%A6%88-%E6%83%8A%E5%A5%87-%E9%80%BC%E9%80%80%E7%90%83%E5%90%8E%E9%97%AF%E6%B8%A9%E7%BD%914%E5%BC%BA 
Kremlin: It will pay close attention to the NATO summit 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T20:44
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T20:44
Description: The Kremlin accused NATO on regard Russia as a "enemy", saying that he would closely pay close attention to the NATO summit for two days. Reuters reports that NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said on Tuesday (July 11) that the alliance will clarify how Ukraine will become a member of the league in the NATO summit ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '北约', '欧洲']
The Kremlin accused NATO on regard Russia as a "enemy", saying that he would closely pay close attention to the NATO summit for two days.
Reuters reports that NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said on Tuesday (July 11) that the alliance will clarify how Ukraine will become a member of the league at the NATO summit to send a "positive signal" to Ukraine.
In response, the Kegong spokesman Peskov held a press conference on the same day and said: "They (NATO leaders) regard Russia as enemies and opponents ... of."
 On July 11, US President Biden (second from right), NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg (first from left), and Lithuanian President Nasserida (first from right) attended the NATO leader summit at Vernis, the capital of Lithuania. (Reuters)
Peskov added: "We are paying attention to (NATO Summit) very cautiously. We will analyze many contents in order to take measures to ensure our own safety."
In response to NATO's plan to approve Ukraine in the future, Peskov warned: "This problem may be very dangerous to Europe's security ... those who make decisions must realize this."
He said that European leaders do not seem to understand that it is a mistake to move NATO military infrastructure to the Russian border.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412911 
Pacific Island Countries will review IAEA Fukushima nuclear treatment water report 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T21:33
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T21:33
Description: Cook Islands Prime Minister Mark Brown said that the leader of the Pacific Island country will review the Fukushima nuclear treatment water report that the UN International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has previously announced, and then announced its position. Reuters reports that IAEA has announced a few days ago ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['太平洋岛国', '福岛核电站', '福岛', '辐射']
Cook Islands Prime Minister Mark Brown said that the leader of the Pacific Island country will review the Fukushima nuclear treatment water report that the UN International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has previously announced, and then announced its position.
Reuters reports that IAEA recently announced the processing report of the Fukushima Nuclear Power Station to handle the water row of the sea, saying that if the water row of the water is implemented in accordance with the plan, it is actually "in line with international security standards." The Director -General of IAEA went to the Cook Islands on Tuesday (July 11) to introduce the report conclusion to the leaders of the Pacific Island country.
Since the Japanese authorities announced the drainage plan, the Pacific Island State Forum (PIF), composed of 18 member states, has worked deep concerns about the treatment of water -filtered by the "multi -ribin removal system" (ALPS), and repeatedly expressed protests. Worried that the treatment of water rows of sea will affect fisheries.
However, Brown, who is also the chairman of the Pacific Island Forum, and Gross said: "If (handling water) is safe, it should be allowed to discharge."
Brown added that the leaders of the Pacific Island country have "some different opinions" on the issue of water -rowing, and they will try to reach a consensus on this issue.
Brown also mentioned the historical issues left by the Pacific Nuclear Test 80 years ago, saying that it still has an impact on the people and oceans in the Pacific.
The United States conducted nuclear tests in the Pacific Island in the 1940s and 1950s. France conducted atomic bomb tests in the Mururoaatoll of Mururoaatoll in the South Pacific French Polynesia from 1966 to 1996.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412923 
Türkiye finally agreed to join Sweden. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (汉纳斯)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T21:57:57+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 14:35:21Z
Description: NATO Secretary -General Jens Stoltenberg said on Tuesday (July 11) that he approved Turkey's approval of Sweden to join NATO's "absolute confidence", and NATO leaders will be held in Lithuania's capital. At the Sky Summit, Ukraine joined NATO's desire to "send a very powerful and positive signal".
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['军事', '欧洲', '乌克兰局势']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/nato-chief-calls-summit-historic-as-turkey-backs-adding-sweden-to-alliance-071123/7175891.html 
Studies: AI still has a limited impact on employment 60 % of the workers' unemployment within ten years 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T22:04
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T22:37
Description: With the rapid development of artificial intelligence (AI), the migrant workers are worried about whether the rice bowl will not be guaranteed in the future. However, research published by the Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD) shows that at present, the impact of the high -speed development of AI on the labor industry is still limited. Bloomberg News Tuesday (...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['经济合作与发展组织', '人工智能', '就业']
With the rapid development of artificial intelligence (AI), the migrant workers are worried about whether the rice bowl will not be guaranteed in the future. However, research published by the Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD) shows that at present, the impact of the high -speed development of AI on the labor industry is still limited.
Bloomberg reported on Tuesday (July 11) that OECD recently conducted a survey to 2,000 employers and 5,300 employees of seven member states. The interviewees mainly came from the manufacturing and financial industry.
The results showed that three -fifth of the workers were worried that the rapid development of AI would cause themselves to be completely unemployed in the next 10 years, and three -quarters indicated that AI increased its work intensity.
OECD Secretary -General Mathiascormann said: "Development and tools related to generation AI have recently developed at a rapid development, which has marked a technological watershed and will have a substantial impact on many workplace."
OECD shows that the current use of AI in the world economy is still in a "very early stage". However, the possibility of employment in various industries of AI technology is still high, which means that all industries will be affected.
OECD said that in response to the development trend of AI technology, international organizations and regulators must strengthen and improve the cooperation framework of people and AI.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230711-1412933 
Australia is concerned about the police cooperation agreement of the China-Solomon Islands, and urges the details 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T22:12:59+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 14:14:13Z
Description: Australia on Tuesday (July 11) called on the Solomon Islands and China to immediately announce the details of the police cooperation agreement between the two countries. The Solomon Islands Prime Minister Sawa Gayrey's police cooperation implementation plan signed with Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang on Monday after meeting with Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang on Monday, Australia has re -ignited Australia's concerns about the security and ambition of China in the Pacific Island country.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/australia-concerned-by-china-solomon-islands-policing-deal-20230711/7175759.html 
The Hong Kong Guoan Police searched for the residence of overseas wanted people and took away the parents and brothers of the record. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T23:21:01+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 15:21:01Z
Description: A large number of police officers of the Hong Kong Police National Security Department searched on Tuesday (July 11) to search for the original apartment of Luo Guancong, the former chairman of Hong Kong Zhongzhi Chuangang, which was wanted by the Hong Kong Government, to take away his parents and brothers for admission. Subsequently, the three had been allowed to leave the police station. The previous week, the National Security Department announced that eight Hong Kong activists such as Luo Guancong, Guo Rongzheng, and Xu Zhifeng, members of the former Legislative Council, said that they were suspected of violating the National Security Law and colluding with foreign or overseas forces to endanger national security. Each person rewarded HK $ 1 million in Hong Kong dollars Essence
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '人权', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/wanted-hong-kong-activist-s-relatives-taken-for-questioning-by-police-20230711/7175770.html 
Paraguay was elected President Pannia to visit Taiwan, and said to establish a more intimate Papaita relationship 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-11T23:29:20+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 15:29:20Z
Description: Taiwan's diplomatic relations in South America Paraguayan President Panica, Santiago Pena, said on Tuesday (July 11) that Paraguay will establish a closer relationship with Taiwan, and he will also be committed to deepening the friendship between the two sides.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '美洲', '台海两岸关系']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/paraguay-president-elect-arrives-in-taiwan-pledging-closer-ties-071123/7176023.html 
Ke Gong: Palace is closely monitoring the NATO Summit 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T3:02:06+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T12:50:02+00:00
Description: (AFC, Moscow, 11th) The Kremlin claimed that it was "close monitoring" in the NATO summit held in Lithuania, and criticized the summit to be "anti -Russia".
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that the Ke Palace spokesman Dmitrypeskov said today, "There is no doubt that this is an alliance summit with a strong anti -Russian nature. Expand under the background. "
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230711-%E5%85%8B%E5%AE%AB-%E6%AD%A3%E5%AF%86%E5%88%87%E7%9B%91%E6%8E%A7%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E5%B3%B0%E4%BC%9A 
OECD calls on wealthy countries around the world to do a good job in the impact of the AI revolution 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-07-11T9:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11T14:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 11th) The Economic Cooperation and Development Organization said today that global wealthy countries must be quickly prepared to deal with the upcoming "artificial intelligence (AI) revolution" impact. Employment opportunities cause other tasks to disappear.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 AI tools can generate papers, create images, and even pass the qualification examination of practicing physicians. Therefore, the rapid development of AI has triggered concerns that AI may replace the entire labor department through automation.
Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said in the "2023 Employment Outlook Report" (2023 Employmentoutlooklooklook) that "so far" has almost no evidence that AI has a significant negative impact on employment.
The report pointed out: "Although the AI adoption rate is still relatively low, the rapid progress, decline in cost, and increased labor with AI skills show that the OECD economy may be on the edge of the AI revolution."
OECD said: "Although AI has many potential benefits, there are also major risks to urgently need to be resolved."
OECD member countries include 38 countries including Australia, Britain, Canada, Germany, Japan, Mexico, and the United States.
OECD said that the collection of information about the acceptance and use of AI in the workplace is "important".
OECD Employment, Labor and Social Affairs Director Stefanoscarpetta said that the use of AI is roughly concentrated in a large company that is still experimenting with this new technology, and many companies seem to be unwilling to replace employees.
The OECD report pointed out that AI has the potential to improve the safety of the workplace by reducing the "tedious or dangerous task", and even helps workers with complementary techniques of AI to increase wages.
However, AI may also "accelerate the rhythm of the working environment of the workers," so that those who "discover the reduction of their workload because of automation" find that the salary has also shrunk.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230711-oecd%E5%91%BC%E5%90%81%E5%85%A8%E7%90%83%E5%AF%8C%E8%A3%95%E5%9B%BD%E5%AE%B6%E5%81%9A%E5%A5%BD%E5%87%86%E5%A4%87-%E5%9B%A0%E5%BA%94ai%E9%9D%A9%E5%91%BD%E5%86%B2%E5%87%BB 
The US Department of Defense's amendment policy will no longer provide help for film films reviewed by China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (张木林)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T00:59:57+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 16:59:57Z
Description: The U.S. Department of Defense recently issued new regulations to Hollywood filmmakers: If you bow to China, we will not help you shoot movies.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['娱乐', '文化', '美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/pentagon-to-hollywood-we-wont-help-you-if-you-kowtow-to-china-20230711/7176190.html 
All the children who are involved in the government will be in charge of Beijing for six months to assist reproductive technology. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T01:02:35+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 17:02:35Z
Description: In order to strengthen the control of the application of assisted reproductive technology, the CCP authorities have begun a six -month special activity to severely crack down on illegal application of human auxiliary reproductive technology, and strictly fight related "various types of illegal crimes."
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '健康', '人权', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-launches-campaign-to-crack-down-on-illegal-fertility-treatments-20230711/7175970.html 
The climate is abnormally threatened by humans. Last summer, the European heat waves killed nearly 62,000 people. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T01:36:52+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 17:36:52Z
Description: In a latest study, scientists found that as the greenhouse gas emissions exacerbated climate change and caused a recorded hot weather in Europe, nearly 62,000 people in Europe were killed last summer. The United States CNN pointed out in the report that the study once again proved that the hot weather was a silent killer, and the statistics of the victims were greatly omissions.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['生态环境', '欧洲', '全球议题']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/heatwave-last-summer-killed-61-000-people-in-europe-research-finds-20230711/7175957.html 
NATO held a historic summit in Vilnius in Lithuania 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (莉雅)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T01:53:56+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 17:53:56Z
Description: The 74th NATO Summit kicked off on July 11 in Vernus, the capital of Lithuania. This is the first summit in Lithuania since its establishment in NATO in 1949. In order to ensure the safety of the summit, Lithuania used the national police force and reserve police. On the eve of the summit, Turkey reached an agreement with the Secretary -General of NATO and Sweden to agree to join NATO in Sweden. National Security Consultant Sarawan said in Vilnis that this shows that NATO is more united, more purposeful and more energy than before.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '美国', '中国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/nato-us-ukraine-turky-sweden-indo-pacific-china/7176144.html 
From media control, then tighten the new regulations of the Internet Information Office to emphasize strict prevention of counterfeiting 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (高锋)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T02:38:24+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 18:42:29Z
Description: China further tighten the control of "self -media". The Central Network Information Office issued a notice a few days ago, requiring to strengthen the management of "self -media" from various aspects, including incorporating self -media that hype social hotspots into the blacklist. The website platform shall require "self -media" to be responsible for the authenticity of information. Observer believes that although the content published by the media has nothing to do with political sensitive information, the Chinese authorities still need to prevent problems before they occur.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '文化']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-issues-instructions-on-self-media-management-20230711/7176365.html 
Biden: This year's NATO summit represents "historic moment" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (维达库斯瓦拉, 阿妮塔·鲍威尔)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T04:36:07+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 21:23:42Z
Description: US President Joe Bayeng said on Tuesday (July 11) that this year's NATO Summit represents "historic moments." At present, NATO is preparing for the expansion of the alliance, and at the same time cope with various problems about war consumption in Ukraine.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['军事', '欧洲', '乌克兰局势', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/nato-chief-calls-summit-historic-as-turkey-backs-adding-sweden-20230711/7176470.html 
China calls the foreign minister Qin Gang sick, and Wang Yi will participate in the ASEAN meeting on behalf of him 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T05:09:55+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 21:09:55Z
Description: The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Tuesday (July 11) that Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang is physical discomfort. A senior diplomat in China will replace him to participate in the two -day ASEAN summit held in Jakarta, Indonesia this week.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '亚太', '南中国海争端']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-says-its-foreign-minister-is-ill-a-senior-diplomat-will-take-his-place-at-asean-20230711/7176497.html 
Li Zhenju, who was charged as an agent of Chinese agents, sued 5 British military conditions in British military conditions 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-12T05:24:41+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-11 21:24:41Z
Description: Li Zhenju, who was called Chinese agent, was called Li Zhenju in the military intelligence agency in the British domestic intelligence agency, to discuss the innocence. Her lawyers tried to force the military in 5 to reveal the reason why she warned her.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/mi5-sued-for-warning-20230711/7176441.html 
