世界新闻
World News
2023-06-27
 
English 
Why is Gats and Musk be received in China in China 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-26T02:17:09.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T02:17:09.000Z
Description: Why do the Chinese government treat different foreign companies differently? Under the increasingly tense relationship between China and Europe and the United States, do Chinese and foreign companies still need each other?
Images: [" _130171971_wh... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans ", " zh-hans "]
Tags: ['中美关系', '习近平', '汽车工业', '苹果']
Type: Article
Gates and Musk why are they received in China in China 
June 26, 2023 Image source, getty image
Image adding text,
Beijing Street TV is playing Xi Jinping to meet with Gates.
In half a month, Tesla's CEO (CEO) Elon Musk and Microsoft founder Billgates visited China successively. High -standard receptions aroused attention -Musk, in the 44 -hour visit to China, densely met with Chinese Minister of Foreign Affairs Qin Gang, Minister of Industry and Information Technology Jin Zhuanglong, and Minister of Commerce Wang Wentao. 
Reuters quoted people familiar with the matter and said that Musk also met with Chinese Deputy Prime Minister Ding Xuexiang before leaving China, and the meeting did not appear in public schedule and foreign reports. Ding Xuexiang has long been considered Xi Jinping's chief of staff. After the 20th National Congress, he ranked among the Standing Committee of the Politburo and served as the executive vice prestigious of the State Council.
Bill Gates sat with Xi Jinping and talks face -to -face. Xi Jinping said to him, "You are the first American friend I met in Beijing this year." Previously, Xi Jinping met with Gates twice in Boao, Hainan. The first visit to the United States in 2015 also met with him in Seattle.
Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, visited China in March. At that time, he met with Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang and was officially elected from Li Qiang at the "two sessions."
But on the other hand, well -known foreign companies such as Deloitte, Micron, Bain, Mingz, and Anstela Pharmaceutical in Japan have been densely suppressed by the Chinese government this year. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce also issued a report saying that it is increasingly worried about the negative impact of geopolitical disputes on the business in China.
So why do Gates and Musk enjoy super -standard treatment in China? Why do the Chinese government treat different foreign companies differently? Under the increasingly tense relationship between China and Europe and the United States, do Chinese and foreign companies still need each other?
"Catfish Effect" 
"Tesla and Apple are like 'catfish". "A scholar who has been teaching in business schools in China and Hong Kong for a long time introduced to the BBC in Chinese that the sardines in the fishing boats were almost dead. They were all alive, because the captain threw a catfish inside to stimulate the desire to survive, but survived. This is the "catfish effect", that is, in an ecosystem, a strong man is introduced, which will inspire the weak to become stronger.
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-65981944/P0DVV8F5/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-65981944/p0dvv8f5/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
Tesla's price cut twice in March to protest
Tesla is particularly the same. As the earliest and fastest companies in this industry, after entering China, the entire industry chain has been required to be low -cost. Zeng Yuqun in the Ningde era complained that Tesla is radically requested that they have fallen cost. It also dropped again.
This "catfish" has made China's entire electric vehicle industry chain less cost and higher efficiency. Although the domestic market competition has intensified, its external competitiveness has strengthened.
"In the process of in -depth participation in globalization, China has won the title of 'World Factory' very early. However, China has very few self -owned industrial manufacturing products occupy a place in the international market. Of course, there are many, but this is all home appliances, and it cannot be regarded as a large industrial manufacturer. "Anbang think tank said in an analysis sent to BBC in Chinese that the problem reflects that although China is a manufacturing industry with large -scale manufacturing capabilities Big power, but not a real manufacturing power.
"This situation has begun to change now, and it first appears in the automotive field," said Anbang Think Tank.
Image source, getty image
Image adding text,
Musk arrived in China by his private jet, and this trip was highly confidential.
In fact, China has become the world's largest exporter of electric vehicle. According to data from the International Energy Agency (IEA), about 35%of the global exported electric vehicles in 2022 came from China, and this ratio in 2021 was 25%. This year, the volume continued. In April, the export of new energy vehicles in China reached 91,000, an increase of 1028.5%year -on -year, an increase of 29.4%month -on -month, accounting for 31%of the passenger vehicle export volume.
Similar examples also occur in the smartphone industry. In 2007, Apple launched a cross -era smartphone iPhone. At that time, Cook was the core trader behind the Apple's supply chain system. Apple continued to send top technicians from China to buy customized devices for billions of dollars for suppliers to buy billions of dollars for billions of dollars for suppliers, so as to drop billions of dollars for suppliers to buy more than billions of dollars for suppliers, so as to throw billions of dollars for suppliers to buy more than billions of dollars for suppliers to buy customs billions of dollars for suppliers, so as to throw billions of dollars to supplie Developing some exclusive technologies; even in order to achieve the integration of laptop shells, Apple bought almost all of the world's most advanced CNC machine tools in the world, and they appeared collectively in Chinese factories a few months later.
When Cook first appeared in the CEO position in 2011, only eight Chinese companies in the 156 suppliers of Apple. Under his governance, in the top 200 main suppliers of Apple in 2020, 96 Chinese manufacturers reached 96.
These companies involved in the Apple supply chain system are called "fruit chains" companies. They cover important components such as screens, antennas, sensors, and cameras. After the Apple buying period, they can sell technology to Chinese companies.
Although the saying "Apple eats meat and drinks soup" in the industry, under the blessing of this supply chain, China's smartphone companies reached the pinnacle of 522 million units in 2015, accounting for 40%of the global market.
Under the influence of Apple, this "catfish", Chinese mobile phone manufacturers have used half -years in a relatively high -end field for eight years. China hopes Tesla can also achieve similar effects.
Image source, getty image
Image adding text,
Cook visited China in March. In addition to Prime Minister Li Qiang, he also met the Minister of Commerce Wang Wentao.### "Stolen Fire"
"For China, Bill Gates is more like a 'stolen fireman'. There may be exaggerated components, and many people may disagree. But he comes earlier enough, and when he comes, it is the giant posture." The above Scholars say.
"Fire stolen" comes from Greek legends, that is, Prometheus, stolen fire species from the sun god Aparta for human beings.
In 1994, Bill Gates arrived in China for the first time and promoted Windows 95 into the Chinese market.
In China at that time, computers were fresh stuff. They even heard the Internet. Until 1995, Ma Yun, who was 31 years old, first came into contact with the Internet. At this time, Bill Gates was 39 years old. The position of the richest man in the world has been maintained for 13 consecutive years.
Just two years later, the Microsoft Asia Research Institute settled in China. This is the second basic scientific research institution opened by Microsoft overseas. It is the largest research institution in Microsoft outside the United States.
This decision has benefited the Chinese science and technology industry, because this research institute has later become the "Huangpu Military Academy" in the Chinese science and technology industry, and has produced a long string of well -known scientific and technological talents: Li Kaifu, Zhang Yaqin, Shen Xiangyang, Zhang Hongjiang, Huang Changning, and Huang Changning, and Huang Changning, and Huang Changning, and Huang Changning, and Huang Changning, and Huang Changning,,, Huang Changning, Huang Changning, and Huang Changning, and Huang Changning,,, Huang Changning, Huang Changning, and Huang Changning,,, Huang Changning, Huang Changning,,, Huang Changning, Huang Changning,,,, Huang Changning, Huang Changning,,,, Huang Changning, Huang Changning,,,, Huang Changning, Huang Changning,,,,, Huang Changning, Huang Changning,,,, Huang Changning, Huang Changning,, Wang Jian, Li Shipeng, Lin Bin, Zhu Wenwu, Tang Xiaoou, Sun Jian, etc. Behind them are Baidu, Alibaba, Shangtang Technology, Viewing, Xiaomi, Tencent Science and Technology News, and other Chinese cloud computing and artificial intelligence fields Essence
But when these occurred, Bill Gates retired from Microsoft in 2008 and turned its main energy to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to start charity.
The outside world rarely noticed that Gates still retained a title at the time, the chairman of the US Tyra Energy Corporation. There was a contact with Chinese leader Xi Jinping through this company.
In 2014, the website of the National Energy Administration of China published an article entitled "Bill Gates Talking Nuclear Energy". In this interview, Gates said, "It is Tyra Energy Company ... … This company has an innovative design that can greatly improve the safety performance of nuclear energy, so that nuclear energy can be a very exciting way, which can provide large -scale, safe, and clean energy. "Gates said that this nuclear energy technology is doing the line. The wave reactor and hope to successfully build a demonstration heet by 2023.
[Video-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-65981944/P09742vj/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-65981944/p09742vj/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
Bill Gates: Reaching the global greenhouse gas zero emissions "will be the most powerful thing humans have done."
Less than a month after being elected as the President of the State in 2013, Xi Jinping attended the Hainan Boao Forum for Asia and met Bill Gates during this event.
In 2015, Xi Jinping talked with Gates again in one -on -one in Boao. In the same year, Xi Jinping visited the United States for the first time after he came to power. One of them was Gates's Big Camp Seattle. There, the two had private talks. According to the documentary "Decoding Bill Gates", this talks were a breakthrough, and the two sides signed a contract. In September 2017, Gates and China Nuclear Group set up a joint venture with Global Innovation Nuclear Energy Technology Co., Ltd., each holding 50%of its shares. It seems to be bound to build the first fourth -generation nuclear reactor in China to build the first fourth -generation nuclear reactor.
However, after Trump came to power, the Sino -US trade war also started at this time, and the bilateral relations between China and the United States deteriorated rapidly. On October 11, 2018, the U.S. Department of Energy announced the "Framework of the United States' Nuclear Energy Project for China". In the ideal fetus of the fourth -generation nuclear reactor in China, Cat, in this regard, Gates' partner in Tyra energy said, "We have always knew that there will be a political impact, but never thought it was from our own. government".
Visiting China in 2019, Gates did not meet Xi Jinping. Since then, the new crown epidemic broke out. In February 2020, Xi Jinping replied to Gates and thanked him for his support for the prevention and control of the new crown pneumonia.
In the following three years, under the leadership of Xi Jinping, China experienced strict control, "white paper revolution", and economic turbulence; Gates was trapped in a scandal of associated with sexual criminals, as well as divorce with his wife Melinda.
In 2023, the two met again after a lapse of four years, but in public reports, they did not mention energy cooperation again.
"I put a Microsoft Research Institute in China in the 1990s. In the past few years, I wanted to put a new type of nuclear power plant in China, so I called him 'stolen people'." The above scholars said that in the final analysis, China wants to be a big country, whether Cook, Musk, or Gates, can help China get rid of the low level of the industry and complete the "big country dream", and can be received by hyperpost.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Unlike many peers, Apple has a huge market share in China.
Demand and vigilance under Sino -US relations 
It is not difficult to observe that not all foreign capitals can get water like American companies such as Tesla and Apple.
Colmraffrty, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce (AMCHAM China), told the Chinese media that the global anti -risk capabilities of SMEs and US -funded enterprises are relatively weak, so many of the epidemic have closed Chinese business; coupled with strict control in recent years In the following, it is even more difficult to enter China on the spot. New decisions to enter China or expand production and investment are even more difficult. Few new enterprises enter China.
Foreign companies seem to be worrying in China. According to data from the Statistics Bureau of China, the total profit of industrial enterprises above designated size in the first two months was 887.21 billion yuan, a significant decrease of 22.9%year -on -year. Among them, foreign companies, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan business investment enterprises decreased by 35.7%, the largest decline.
In addition, since this year, Deloitte, one of the world's four major accounting firms, has been severely punished in China; the Shanghai office of Bain, the world's three major management consulting companies, has been assaulted by the police; on May 21, China announced the blockade of the Meiguang chip. Order; March, the Beijing police raided and closed the US Survey Corporation Mintzgroup in Beijing.
The "AMCHAMCHINA) recently released the" 2023 Annual Business Survey Report in the United States and Chinese Enterprises in the United States "shows that 49%of member companies believe that they are more" unpopular "in China compared to the previous year. The consumer industry is as high as 56%.
Some are active choice; some are passively suppressed.
"Some people leave, and some people come, such as Musk's Tesla, large -scale investment in the Chinese market. This represents a very different understanding of Western entrepreneurs in the Chinese market." Chen Gong, the founder of Anbang think tank, said to BBC in Chinese. China Promoting State -owned Enterprises Disable the "Four" accounting firms or decouples with international investment Foreign capital faced by foreign investment from Volkswagen to Delois Bein's epidemic in China Several things you need to know in China and the United States signing audit supervision and cooperation agreement * Why does the US -China Semiconductor War entering the artificial intelligence AI chip in Deepwater District become the key 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The picture shows the Tesla factory (information photo) under construction in 2019.
"China's attitude towards different foreign investment is also 'clear love and hate'. The foreign investment that is not waiting is to sum up: the natural monopoly industry, involving security." "In the natural monopoly industries such as oil, telecommunications, banking, electricity, and aviation to build a huge state -owned enterprise group, the others completely withdrew. In these industries, there are very few private enterprises in China, not to mention foreign companies.
And financial security and communication security, and there is a controversy in China and the United States involving audit drafts. The consulting company has been identified by the Chinese side to play the role of commercial spies, so that more and more foreign companies are involved in the increasingly tense confrontation between China and the United States.
Tian Yumiao, a professor at the University of West Prudential Liverpool University, told BBC in Chinese that the Chinese government may be the most pragmatic political institution in Chinese history, and "Sun Tzu's Art of War" pays attention to "divide and rule". Therefore, for some American companies and individuals who are positive for China's economic and social development, China will distinguish between companies and individuals who have taken the "sanctions".
"Sino -US economic decoupling is actually a very small event. The Chinese side can choose to decide with, how to decide, and when will it be decoupled." Tian Yumiao said.
There is also a voice in Chinese social media that, for investors, risks are not Sino -US relations, but confidence in Chinese policies and economy. Chinese leaders may solve the confidence of individual enterprises through high standards, but the confidence of overall foreign capital needs more policies in good faith.
Musk's visit to China may just prove this statement. On the first day of his visit, Tesla's stock price rose 5%, and the market value increased by nearly $ 25 billion, making him return to the world's richest man. But at the same time, there was no big improvement in China's A -shares, and the RMB against the US dollar was still falling.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65981944 
Focus on World Public Opinion in the week: Li Qiang is "Free Version" for "de -risk" 
Authors: ['曹辛']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-26T05:02:22+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-25T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-25T23:47:99+08:00
Description: Cao Xin: Li Qiang's trip to Europe opened a brand new content of China's diplomacy, which is the popularity of China's "de -risk" wave in the West.
Images: [" 000185564_pic... "]
Themes: ['中欧关系', '关注']
Keywords: ['中欧关系', '中德关系', '脱钩', '产业链']
Type: Article
 The State Council of State Council Li Qiang's European trip last week was another strengthening of Europe's diplomacy, which became the focus of attention of world public opinion. There are no exceptions: the major mainstream media in the United States concentrated the "de -risk" of China's "de -riskization" of China, while the European media are relatively objective, and there are fewer phenomena of one side.
However, Li Qiang's trip to Europe has opened a brand new content of Chinese diplomacy. This is: the "de -risk" wave of China's "de -risk" wave for Western public opinion. It is particularly noteworthy that this authentic name is not a propaganda or diplomatic department that starts in China, but was initiated by politicians such as Chinese Prime Minister. The significance is naturally different.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100076 
In the era of internal scrolls, how to fill in the volunteer selection major in the college entrance examination? (Free version) 
Authors: ['徐瑾']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-26T06:58:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-25T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-25T19:39:99+08:00
Description: Xu Jin: Behind the controversy of the college entrance examination, what social changes have been exposed? In the era of the inner volume, ordinary people have a huge pressure on the living, and the most precious of the victims may be the possibility of the next generation.
Images: [" 000185539_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '徐瑾经济人', '关注']
Keywords: ['徐瑾经济人', '高考', '媒体', '大学', '内卷', '软阶层', '高等教育']
Type: Article
 Do you want to choose the news major and have been searched many times during the Dragon Boat Festival holiday.
Among them, the controversy is the famous saying of the Internet Red Education Expo. Who is Zhang Xuefeng? His people set up a professional "postgraduate master" for the majority of parents of parents. In late June, the scores of the college entrance examinations across the country, how to choose volunteers and other issues of college entrance examinations will not decrease. What information does not expose the dispute over the college entrance examination? In the era of inner scrolls, ordinary people are under great pressure, and the most precious of the victims, perhaps the possibility of the next generation.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100067 
Wagner soldiers change: take you to understand the five follow -up effects of the "Putin chef" rebellion 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-26T09:59:31.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T09:59:31.000Z
Description: BBC reporter Ross Atkins has brought the influence of Wagner's soldiers from five aspects.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['乌克兰局势升温', '俄国', '弗拉基米尔·普京']
Type: Article
: Take you to understand the five follow -up effects of the "Putin chef" rebellion 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-66019629/P0FXCVV2/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-66019629/p0fxcvv2/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials Wagner soldiers: Take you to understand the five follow -up impacts of the "Putin Chef" rebellion June 26, 2023
The military rebellion of the Wagner Group has ended, but its consequences have not subsided. BBC reporter Rosatkins analyzed the mutiny to Payfgen Niigkin (Porigina), Wagner Group, Vladimir Putin (Puting), Russia What impacts of the military leadership and the situation of the Russian and Ukraine war have emerged.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66019629 
New crown traceability: The US intelligence report shows the internal differences within Washington, the "zero patient" vote for the disease 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-26T11:07:16.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T11:07:16.000Z
Description: The US intelligence agency decrypts a report, pointing out that the Wuhan Virus Research Institute is neither direct evidence and cannot be ruled out. Essence
Images: [" _130207219_12... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans ", " zh-hans ", " zh-hans "]
Tags: ['中美关系', '间谍', '新冠病毒疫情', '中國', '美国']
Type: Article
New crown traceability: The American intelligence report shows that the internal differences of Huafu, the "zero patient" vote for the disease 
June 26, 2023 Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
The new crown traceability problem has been arguing in the United States for a long time, and it is also an important part of affecting the deadlock of Sino -US relations. The Wuhan Virus Research Institute is one of the focus of controversy.
A decryption report in the United States shows that the intelligence circle failed to find direct evidence, which proved that the 2019 coronary virus (COVID-19; Neo-Crown Virus disease) originated from the Wuhan Virus Research Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, but at the same time, it cannot be ruled out. 
The report from the Office of the National Intelligence Director (ODNI) stated that the American intelligence agencies agreed that the new crown virus was neither genetically modified nor the laboratory domestication. But the possibility of viruses from nature or laboratory still exists.
On the occasion of the report, the Wall Street Journal quoted the Washington Intelligence Circle that the three researchers of the Wuhan Virus Research Institute were the new crown "Zero Patient", and the two of them actively came into contact with the well -known American academic magazine "Science" and denied the relevant statement.
The new crown traceability problem has been arguing in the United States for a long time, and it is also an important part of affecting the deadlock of Sino -US relations. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China (June 26) states that the United States should "disclose the situation of Detrickburg and the biological laboratory set up around the world, giving the people of the world a responsible explanation."
Brinken visited China and Biden's "dictatorship" Sino -US relations "one week under the" lip, tongue sword " New crown virus traceability: top Chinese scientists say they should not exclude laboratory leaks 视 Entering the field of vision, do we find the "origin of animals" of the new crown virus? Was the virus leaked from the laboratory, did it happen before? The Communist Party of China summarizes the prevention and control of the epidemic with the "major decisive victory", and some analysis says that the warning disagree is warned Chinese officials, including former Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Zhao Lijian, have repeatedly identified that the new crown virus is about 80 kilometers north of Washington Fort Detrick military base "Manufacturing" inside. But these recognitions did not provide specific evidence.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a routine press conference: "'' laboratory leak poleness' cannot be" the joint experts of China -WHO visited the relevant laboratory in Wuhan and came up with in -depth exchanges with relevant scientific researchers. The authoritative scientific conclusion is accurately reflected in the joint research report of the China -WHO's traceability, and has also been widely recognized by the international and scientific communities. "
"The United States should immediately stop the politicalization, toolization, and weaponization of traceability issues, stop planting discredit, dazzling the pot, and dumb the doubts of their existence, and respond to the reasonable concern of the international community as soon as possible ... Give the people of the world a responsible explanation. "
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Science-66020211/P09llsln/ZH-Hans]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/science-66020211/p09llsln/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
June 2021: BBC's "News Night" investigated the theory of leakage in the Wuhan Laboratory, interviewed a number of experts, and analyzed the reason.
Investigation of the intelligence agency, what are the new discoveries 
In March, the US Congress passed the bill to order information about the intelligence agency to decrypt documents about the Wuhan Virus Research Institute within 90 days. The Office of the National Intelligence Director published the decryption document last Friday (23rd).
This 10 -page long report said : "Because two assumptions (natural or laboratory) relied on a large number of assumptions or facing contradictory report challenges, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and other agencies still cannot determine the accurate source of COVID-19."
The report pointed out that four U.S. government agencies believe that the virus is infected with humans from animals, and the other two organs -the Energy and FBIs (FBI) -still believe that the virus is leaking the laboratory.
According to the survey report, the US intelligence circle has not been able to exclude the new crown virus comes from the laboratory, but all intelligence agencies agree that the new coronal virus does not originate from the development of biochemical weapons.
[Video-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Science-66020211/P0ds0nwk/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/science-66020211/p0ds0nwk/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,According to the report, the Wuhan Virus Research Institute and the Chinese military have cooperated with coronary virus research due to public health needs, but did not involve any infection that can produce new coronary virus.
However, the report also proposed that scientists at Wuhan Virus Research Institute built different coronary viruses "chimelas" and used the Reverse GeneticCloning technology, which made the hidden intentional modification possible.
According to the report, some researchers may not take sufficient biological safety guarantee measures during the operation experiment before the new crown epidemic.
Wuhan Lab "Patient No. 0" refers to "fake news" 
However, according to the report, the U.S. Intelligence Institute had unknown laboratory accidents that have occurred in the Wuhan Virus Research Institute.
The report pointed out that the accident occurred in the fall of 2019, and several researchers were infected. However, the report also believes that they are infected with other diseases, and some symptoms do not match the new coronal virus disease.
Image source, AFP
Image adding text,
Shi Zhengli insisted that researchers named "Zero Patient" did not contact the living virus.
American "Wall Street Journal" quoted American intelligence sources last week The infected researchers in the accident were Hu Ben, Yu Ping (transliteration) and Zhu Yan (transliteration). Show the news blog "Public" with the purpose of anti -mainstream media [Public)(https://public.substack.com/p/first-people-sickened-by-covid-19), And said that three were researchers for Wuhan Virus Research Institute.
Among them, Dr. Hu Ben is an associate researcher at the Wuhan Virus Research Institute. According to the official website of the Institute, its research direction includes new pathogens of bats and rodents. "The Mass" quotes Dr. BroadInstitute, a post -doctoral researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology -Harvard University, and Dr. Dr Alinachan, a molecular biologist. The proud door was regarded as his successor.
Science magazine said that he received a letter from Hu Ben and Yu Ping Essence Hu Ben wrote in the email: "Recently, news about the so -called" Zero Patients "is completely nonsense."
"I didn't get sick in the fall of 2019, and I had no symptoms of new coronary virus. My colleagues and my colleagues received the new coronal virus (SARS-COV-2) antibody detection in March 2020, all of which were negative."
Yu Ping described the allegations as "fake news". "Science" magazine quoted her: "In the fall of 2019, I have no illness nor any new crown symptoms."
The two also denied any living virus experiments.
[Video-3-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Science-66020211/P09cfx14/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/science-66020211/p09cfx14/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
April 2021: David Nabarro, the WHO New Crown Special Envoy, said that from the past experience, the traceability of the virus rarely finds clear road signs.
Medical journal "Infection, Genetics and Evolution) Once in February 2019 After publishing the study of the same type of viruses of Bat spread and atypical pneumonia (SARS; Sas, Saus), Hu Ben and Yu Ping also participated in the study.
"Science" magazine said that Shi Zhengli confirmed the magazine's statement via email, and said that Hu Ben, Yu Ping and Zhu Yan had only used RNA to extract genetic sorting, and did not contact the living virus.
The magazine also quoted the French National Science Research Center (CNRS) researcher Dr FlorenceDébarre, a researcher at the National Science Research Center (CNRS) who has participated in the virus data of Wuhan South China Seafood wholesale market.
Wuhan South China Seafood wholesale market is the first place where the new crown virus cluster is infected. Supporters of laboratory leaks pointed out that the Wuhan Virus Research Institute is only a 40 -minute drive from the South China wholesale market.
Dr. Dabare said that she had an open attitude towards laboratory leaks. Now she believes that the new crown virus comes from nature and take the initiative to play with the laboratory leaks on the Internet. Zeng Yujia is one of the targets of Dabre's public counterpart 。

American politics to send artillery to the Biden government 
John Ratcliffe, who served as the director of the National Intelligence, responded to the latest decryption report during the president of Donald Trump, responded to the latest decryption report, accusing the current president Joebiden and its government "continuously confusing audiovisual".
Ratclyve said in a statement: "Laboratory leakage is the only theory that is supported by science, intelligence and common sense."Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
In the bill of Biden (left) signed a Congress requesting the decryption investigation report in March, he said that his expectations were consistent with Congress, and the more information he could distribute, the better.
The joint investigation conducted by the Chinese government and the UN World Health Organization (WHO) in early 2021 believes that the laboratory leakage theory is "extremely impossible." This conclusion caused the WHO to suffer violently Many experts believe that such a conclusion cannot give enough answers, and only more questions are derived.
The Broadcasting Corporation of the United States reported that the Republican House of Republican House Intelligence Committee chairman Miketurner and the President of the Special Group Committee of the New Crown Virus Brad Wenstrup, the President of the New Crown Virus. The decryption report increases the credibility of the laboratory leakage theory.
"The Communist Party of China and the Chinese PLA must be explained solemnly with the Chinese PLA."
"While we are grateful for the report of the Office of the State Intelligence Director, the search and survey of the source of the new crown virus disease must continue."
However, some experts believe that for the new coronal virus disease that leads to nearly 7 million people around the world, its real source may never be known.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/science-66020211 
Chinese fantasy destruction 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-26T11:38:00Z
Description: Is China still glory for German and European companies? The consequences of Xi Jinping's economic route are now emerging.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Id: 66033341
In recent years, China has been walking forward with hand brakes, which is not just the influence of clearing the zero policy.
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) The investigations made by Germany in June of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce and the Chinese EU Chamber of Commerce showed that they ended Zero Policy After that, the hope of China's strong rebound in the economy has been shattered. More than half of the German companies are expected to develop this year's development this year's level last year or even lower than last year.
Although business expectations seem to be dim, more than half of German companies (55%) intend to continue to invest in China in the next few years. However, during the new crown epidemic in 2020 and 2021, more than 70%of German companies who were willing to continue to invest in China. 62%of the companies that insist on investing without considering all issues, saying that this is mainly to maintain its competitiveness in the Chinese market. However, almost one of the four companies expressed their hope to reduce investment, which is significantly higher than the epidemic period.
60%of the interviewed companies expect the market environment to deteriorate, and more than 40%of companies are worried that geopolitical tensions will lead to consequences such as sanctions or export control. For the Ukrainian war and potential Taiwan conflict The uncertainty brings low industry emotions Essence Almost a quarter of companies believe that Beijing's efforts to become more independent of foreign markets, which is also a reason for reducing investment.
One -fifth of companies hope to invest more in countries outside China. And more than 16%of companies have set plans to completely withdraw from China in the worst case.
negative record of business environment 
A survey made for 570 companies showed that most European companies believe that China has lost its glory as a business place. Yanci, President of the EU Chamber of Commerce in China(Jenskelund)It is said that China's business atmosphere is "the lowest stage we feel."
Although the clearing policy has ended, foreign capital confidence in China's economic prospects It is fading. At the same time, profits are also declining. In the face of increasing risks and unpredictable environments, 64%of European companies interviewed said that doing business in China became more difficult. This proportion set a record. Limited market access is a major problem encountered in Chinese foreign -funded enterprises. The restrictions set by the government are also another difficulty in complaining of enterprises.
In addition, Chinese domestic companies and foreign companies often lack fair competition. A quarter of European companies complained that forced technology transfer was encountered.
Jeargwuttke, former chairman of the German and EU Chamber of Commerce, confirmed in an interview with the Voice of Germany in BASF's long -term executives, Germany and the EU Chamber of Commerce, which can clearly feel the increasingly fierce nationalist line promoted by Chinese party and state leaders Xi Jinping.
He said, "There are strong nationalism in some areas: we no longer need foreigners, so we will not let them enter the market."
World Economic Engine Make no longer foreign companies want to evacuate the Chinese market? 
China Lost its original glory 
Yan Ci, the current president of the Chinese EU Chamber of Commerce, said that no one expected the supervision environment to be improved in the next five years, and the crisis of confidence has not ended.
In an interview with the Voice of Germany, Wudk said that China now emphasizes retreat and self -defense compared with previous open policies. However, there is a fundamental problem that Xi Jinping wants to implement the isolated policy- "China must be independent of the world as much as possible, but at the same time I hope that the world depends on China. Of course, this is not commensurate with globalization."
However, what role can Europeans play in trade and industrial policies?
"Of course, the Chinese will continue to cultivate big companies that bring them technology and employment opportunities. This is the case in the fields of automobiles, chemicals, and mechanical engineering."
He emphasized: "In 2022, EU companies' exports to China were 23%higher than the exports of Switzerland. More than 6.4 million containers were shipped from China to Europe, but only 1.6 million containers were transported back to China from Europe. In many sense, China's dependence on our market is much higher than our dependence on the Chinese market. This is a very depressed thing, because the market is already large enough. "
In recent years, China has been walking forward with hand brakes, which is not just the influence of clearing the zero policy. "There are still many problems with market access restrictions on market access," said Western companies are difficult to operate. "
Federal MP: "Chinese characters are complicated" 
渐 gradually rose 
Stanleydruckenmiller, a well -known hedge fund manager and a billionaire investor, has previously known for its firm conviction in China's economic growth. But in early June this year, he scratched China from the list of investment destinations. Drucken Miller believes that following Xi Jinping's political route, China may miss the lofty goal of catching up with the economy and surpassing the world's largest economy and the United States. At the Bloomberg Investment Conference, Druckenmire depicts a dim picture of China's future.
He said: "If (China) does not have high -level power change, the economy will lose vitality." He said that even if there is any obvious improvement in China this year, it is just a sudden and short -term energy explosion, just like you Edible high sugar things are the same. "We expect that sugar has increased and some strong growth in the next 6 to 9 months. But in the long run, I don't think they (Chinese) are the main challenges to the United States in terms of economic strength and growth." Germany Rukemler said.
And Wudick described a more diplomatic description of China's economic policy dilemma. He said that in an economy that strives to overcome serious aging problems, and in the case of major problems in the real estate industry, under the circumstances that local government liabilities and small banks may face the threat of bankruptcy, China may try to restore its previous open opening up Sexual, and then re -execute the idea of "priority to ideology". He said that for European companies, this is not the worst of all options.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国幻想的破灭/a-66033341?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Brahms: The first piano quadruple of the G minor 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-26T11:48:00Z
Description: Brahms made a total of three piano quadrules. The first piano quadrice of the G minor is a lying creative thinking, with a shocking indoor music work, with rigorous layout and personal emotions.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: ['贝多芬音乐节', '古典音乐风']
Keywords: ['音乐', '古典音乐']
Id: 65986798

culture 
Plames: G minor first piano quadruple 
Brahms made a total of three piano quadrules. The first piano quadrice of the G minor is a lying creative thinking, with a shocking indoor music work, with rigorous layout and personal emotions.

Plames: G minor first piano quadruple 
The preliminary draft of the first piano quadrangle of Brahms was completed in 1855, but the real completion of Quanqu was 1861. During the period, Brahms changed his manuscript and accepted the review by the female pianist Krara Krara and violinist Johmm. The song was held in November 1861.
The first piano quadrice of the G minor is a iconic creative thinking, with shocking indoor music works, with rigorous layout, rich form, beautiful melody, full of personal emotions, reflecting the composer's feelings, depression, and sincere sincere and sincere , Passionate and unrestrained multiple character.
In 1937, the Austrian composer Arnold Sonberg (1874-1951) re-assigned the four-acting instrument of Brahms and adapted it into a music played by the big orchestra. Please listen to the performance of the West Germany Broadcasting Symphony Orchestra, which is the commander, the violinist, and the composer Christian Machera. In an interview, he praised Xun Berg's arrangement of this beautiful music to reflect the personality of every instrument on the stage and create wonderful music together.
Welcome to subscribe to the Voice of Germany "Classical Music Wind" to listen to more outstanding classical music performances. 
Feed-URL: 
?
iTunes: 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/id1347146553? l = de 

related audio video 
Plames: G minor first piano quadruple 
](https://www.dw.com/zh/overlay/media/zh/勃拉姆斯g小调第一钢琴四重奏/65320370/65986798)

related information 
[
Beethoven D small violin concerto 
Beethoven's "D Great Violin Concerto" was created in 1806. It was designed for the first violinist Franz Clement at the time of the Vienna Theater at the time, and was known as the first of the four major violin concertos.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/贝多芬d小调小提琴协奏曲/a-65986513) [###: What did the thunder say
Inspired by T.S.ELIOT's poem "Wilderness", Japanese composer Kishino Nono created the symphony "What did thunder say". The West Germany Broadcasting Symphony Orchestra and the cello soloist Olen Shaflin performed the song at the Beethoven Music Festival in August 2022.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/岸野末利加雷声说了什么/a-65925572) [
John Sebastian Bach: No. 6 No accompaniment cello group 
John Sebastian Bach created 6 groups of non -accompaniment cello tunes, most of which are ancient dance music. Please listen to the Bachi Date No. 6 uncomfortable cello group played on the shoulder -style cello.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/约翰塞巴斯蒂安巴赫第6号无伴奏大提琴组曲/a-65861982)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/勃拉姆斯：g小调第一钢琴四重奏/a-65986798?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Facts ｜ American & quot; Emergency evacuation plan & quot; Is it a conspiracy to treat Taiwan as & quot; 
Author: 作者：沈轲，发自华盛顿
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-26T18:33:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:37:12-04:00
Description: Author: Shen Yan, from Washington
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
Tags: error 
Read after one minute 
Chinese diplomats have recently said the "emergency evacuation plan" formulated by the United States for its citizens in Taiwan that this is exactly the "certificate" that the United States intends to abandon Taiwan once a war occurs.
The Asian Facts Investigation Laboratory (AFCL) interviews found that many countries have formulated a withdrawal of overseas Chinese to respond to various crisis situations. The formulation or update of these plans neither means that the war is about to erupt or interpreted as "the United States intends to abandon Taiwan".
In-depth analysis 
Performed News Institution, headquarters in Florida, USA(The Messenger)In a report published on June 12 Among them, an unnamed US senior intelligence official said that if the war broke out in the Taiwan Strait, the US government would evacuate the American who lived in Taiwan and the Biden government was preparing.
In response to the above reports, John Kirby, a strategic communication coordinator of the National Security Conference, answered the question about the "evacuation plan" at a press conference at the press conference that day, neither confirmed nor deny its existence However, he pointed out that the evacuation of American citizens from the conflict area is not a routine policy, nor does it show that the current situation in Taiwan is necessary to re -consider this policy.
As for what circumstances, the U.S. government will assist ordinary people with American citizenship, and the US State Department is in a copy Announcement It is stated that it must be provided with the premise that the commercial transportation is completely interrupted and the conditions permit can be provided by the premise that the public will be provided.
When the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Wang Wenbin was asked about related issues at a regular press conference on June 13, although he said he did not understand the relevant situation, he then said, " It is to treat Taiwan as a chess piece and the people of Taiwan as a cannon fodder. To serve the United States' "Taiwan -based China 'strategy, the United States even formulates the" destroying the Taiwan plan'. The essence of Taiwan '. "What does the emergency evacuation plan mean? 
The purpose of the war evacuation plan is to evacuate the citizens of a country from the danger, and "no other purpose", the honorary professor of political science at Ohio State University John Mueller (John Mueller) told Asian factual investigation laboratory. "Such an emergency evacuation plan is by no means a sign of the United States that will abandon Taiwan. In fact, it may enable the United States to support Taiwan's armed forces more effectively to resist invasion," the former deputy director of the United States Association [Ge Tianhao] in the Taiwan Association Ge Tianhao (David J.Keegan)Tell Asia's facts to investigate the laboratory: "This evacuation will enable the US military to support Taiwan to concentrate on defending Taiwan and defeat the PLA without having to take care of American citizens in the conflict and avoid distraction."
"China tries to sow the seeds between Taiwan and the United States to weaken Taiwan, making China more likely to use coercion means forcing Taiwan to accept the rule of mainland China," Ge Tianhao pointed out.
The United States "Taiwan Relations Law" It is suggested that solving cross -strait tensions with peace is critical to the United States. Although the bill did not publicly promise to provide US military support when invasion in China, it left this possibility to the U.S. government to decide on its own.
The "Taiwan Relations Law" retains the possibility that the United States can support Taiwan with armed forces when conflict with the outbreak of mainland China. (Associated Press picture) The evacuation plan means that the war is coming? 
Senior researcher at Oslo Peace Research Institute Iraria Corolaz (Ilariacarrozza) told Asian facts to investigate the laboratory that such a plan "is a common plan for a country government in a place with foreign relations, especially if the country's political instability or in the central area of political tension."
She said: "It is part of the normal administration for many US citizens living in Taiwan, and it does not necessarily mean that the conflict is about to erupt."
In 2021, the family of the US plane in Kabul was evacuated from Afghanistan. (Associated Press picture) Does the United States make emergency plans? 
The original article about the so -called emergency plan of "Betlar" clearly mentioned that Indonesia , the Philippines Japanese Japan It has been publicly announced that they have already owned or prepared for the emergency evacuation plan for Taiwanese diaspora, but Wang Wenbin did not mention these countries in the response.
Director of Indo -Pacific Planning of the Marshall Foundation in Germany Ge Laiyi (Bonnie Glaser)Tell Asia's facts to investigate the laboratory: "The government has the responsibility to protect the safety of overseas citizens. When there is a risk of major natural disasters or conflicts, even if the risk increases slightly, the embassy will formulate or update the evacuation of their employees. Large, the plan to withdraw citizens when necessary will be updated. The update plan is a cautious preparation measure, which does not reflect the decision to withdraw from the citizen. "Ge Tianhao, deputy director of the United States Association in Taiwan, said:" The US State Department and the Ministry of Defense are regularly formulated And updating these evacuation plans does not mean that they want to use these plans immediately or quickly. "
in conclusion 
Asian facts investigation of the laboratory found that Chinese officials claimed that the US emergency evacuation plan aims to damage or destroy Taiwan. This plan does not mean that the war with China is coming, and it has nothing to do with whether the United States has taken military operations when such a conflict broke out.
_ Asian factual checkup laboratory ( _ASIA FACT Check Lab__) is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about any media and social software dissemination, welcome to email __AFCL@rfa.org _ Send it to the Asian factual inspection laboratory, and we will verify and verify it for you. _ _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-06262023182508.html 
Comments | Chen Guangcheng: The business of heart is born to the enemy 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-26T18:36:42-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T18:36:42-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China's 709 incident lawyer group portrait ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-26T18-36-42-04-00/000001.png) Participate in the network
It has been eight years since the "709 Capture" in 2015. You read it right, it is indeed eight years. Because in 2011 before the CCP adopted a large -scale persecution operation in early July 2015, the Chinese government was constantly brewing ... including modifying the law -the abduction of the widely criticized gangsters was written into Article 73 of the Criminal Procedure Law, The black prison is described as "designated surveillance and residence" ... It is carefully prepared for this national persecution of rights protection, rights protection lawyers and awakening citizens.
When all this is almost prepared, when the more important central power transfer is completed for the CCP, and the successful transition, the Chinese government has begun to press and persecutes the people's suppression of the people. In fact, from the "Nandu case" to Jiangxi Xinyu Liu Ping case, then the butcher was arrested, and later changed from administrative detention to criminal detention. This persecution quietly began. To the torture and forced the parties to "self -evidence" on television on TV "709 arrests" and the next "designated surveillance and residence" to the peak.
Originally, friends felt that with the continuous struggle of the "709" wives, the capture of the arrested persons in the persecution of "709" was released one after another. This persecution has passed, but the CCP has recently used the flow of Wang Quanzhang, Li Wenzu, Li Heping, and Li Heping, and Wang Qiaoling and other rights protection lawyers moved out of Beijing ... We must realize that this persecution is not only over, but the CCP is increasingly unscrupulous on the defenders of the persecution of human rights, and there is still an endless momentum.
After Wang Mo was released, he would be repatriated to the country. Recently, he was detained by administrative detention for 10 days because he helped the father and fellow who helped the land in his hometown. Shao Liang was persecuted by the CCP's public security torture; there was also Xi Jinping stepped down to end the Communistic Shandong poet Lu Yang -his real name Zhang Guiqi was sentenced to six years by the Communist Party of China and frozen Lu in order to prevent his children from having money to school. Yang's wife's salary only leaves him 1,200 yuan per month to maintain the most basic life. There are also continuous suppression and persecution of young people in the "white paper movement" after the autumn, and the persecution ... It fully explains that under the communist autocratic tyranny, the law has already become a governance tool for the Chinese government to enslave the people, and it can be modified arbitrarily. In order to maintain his authoritarian regime, the Chinese government has no means to suppress and persecutes the awakened people. As long as you refuse to coincide with the CCP, he will regard you as an enemy.
When the awakened person recognizes: Living in the falling area of the Communist Party of China, as long as you are good at business, then you are born with the enemy of the CCP. No matter what you think of the CCP, it will not affect the CCP as his enemy. And as long as you have come out for the fairness of society, you will be regarded by the CCP as an enemy on the blacklist of the CCP for life and prevention -political trial. This evil originated from the nature of the Communist Party's autocracy, don't expect him to change. Therefore, if the people in the falling area of the Communist Party of China do not want to be slavered by the Communist Party of China, they must fight hard. In addition, there is no wiping ball.
Liu Xiaobo said he had no enemy. But does the Chinese government kill him in prison? Intersection Everyone should be considered to be abstained, and it is not possible to have any unrealistic fantasies about the Chinese government.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/chenguangchengboke/cgc-06262023140809.html 
U.S. officials after the visit to China have urged China to start communication again 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-26T19:19:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T12:56:15-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Campbell, a coordinator of the National Security Council, once again emphasized the importance of US -China communication at a seminar held by the Washington Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center on Monday. Video Screenshot/CSIS official website(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-06262023111551.html/@@stream)Since its visit to China, US Secretary of State Brillin has not yet established a direct military dialogue mechanism between the United States and China. On Monday, Kurtcampbell, a coordinator of the National Security Council, once again emphasized the importance of US -China communication in maintaining regional security.
Bollingin visited China to reveal the fundamental differences between the US -China processing bilateral relations * Blintin ended his visit to Huamei and China Agreement "Stable Relationship" 
U.S. Secretary of State Brills ended a two -day trip last week and held talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping, Director of the CPC Central Committee Foreign Affairs Office, and Qin Gang of Foreign Minister Qin Gang. Blingken emphasized at a press conference before Beijing that the United States and China had reached a consensus that it would maintain hotline communication between high -levels to ensure that the competition between the two countries would not evolve into a conflict.
The outside world noticed that although Brinken said that the two sides had reached a close communication consensus, in the face of the friction between the two military military and the increasingly rising friction in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea, the Minister of Defense of the United States and China has not yet held a substantial meeting.
The National Security Council ’s Indo -Pacific Affairs coordinator Campbell's seminar at the Washington Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center (CENTER for Strategic and Internationalstudies) stated:“ China is unwilling to establish a mechanism to avoid military risks, and do not want to conduct military dialogue This is what happens for years, not just now. We believe that it is very important to establish practical communication channels in the United States and China. We will continue to explain the importance of establishing a dialogue mechanism to China, especially in the near future. Fang's army has more close friction. "
Li Shangfu's sanction in the United States is unwilling to start a dialogue 
Earlier this month, US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin had invited Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu to hold bilateral talks during the Shangri-Ladialogue, but did not receive a Chinese reply. It is generally believed that because Li Shangfu was sanctioned by the United States in 2018 to assist the Chinese military to import Russian weapons in 2018, China rejected the rejection of the Defense Minister's dialogue.
At the Seminar of Monday, some participants asked Campbell if the United States should cancel sanctions against Li Shangfu in exchange for greater dialogue space? However, Campbell did not respond positively.
Scholars: Chinese threats contribute to the AUKUS Alliance 
At the seminar, the participating scholars also focused on issues such as the "Aukus" alliance composed of the United States, Britain and Australia, as well as issues such as peace and stability in the Indo -Pacific region.
CharleSedel, director of the Australian project of Strategy and International Research, clearly stated that the purpose of the "three -sided security partnership" of the United States, Britain, and Australia is a threat to fight against China's gradually expanding in the Indo -Pacific region.
Edier said: "'Three -sided security partnerships' hopes to cope with the security environment that is gradually degraded in the Indo -Pacific region, especially for the expansion of the explosiveness of Chinese military forces, and the increasingly aggressive military behavior of China. These two trends The countries of the Indo -Pacific region are becoming more concerned about security and the formation of the "three -sided security partnership" to formulate a common strategy to respond to the challenges brought by the Beijing authorities. "
Edel emphasized that the purpose of the "three -sided security partnership" is based on the aggressive behavior of deceiving Beijing's expansion outward, not intentionally provoking China: the purpose of "'Three -sided Security Partnership" is not stimulating China. I quoted worship to worship What President Deng had said in San Diery: There is only one most important goal on the three -sided security partnership, strengthening the security of the Indo -Pacific region to cope with the turbulence of the current situation. "
CharleSedel, director of the Australian project of the US Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center, said that the purpose of forming a "three -sided security partnership" of the United States, Britain, and Australia is a threat to against China's gradual expansion in Indo -Pacific region. (Video screenshot/csis official website) Campbell: Maintaining existing international order is also beneficial to China 
Campbell also stated at the meeting that the United States has established a variety of alliance structures with allies in the Indo -Pacific region in recent years to maintain its existing international order: "The United States and the United States all show their determination, not only to maintain the security of the Indo -Pacific region Stable, it is also necessary to protect the current system of the Indo -Pacific region. The current system has made the economy in the Indo -Pacific region achieve amazing growth and helps the public from poverty. This system is worthy of being guarded. Shang also benefit China. "
Campbell also pointed out that China ’s ambition to the world is clear, which has also prompted American allies to have the courage to speak clearly when fighting against China in recent years. (G7) We can see that the heads of state of all countries have condemned the challenges brought by China before. All countries realized that each other must cooperate with each other to deal with this challenge. "Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Responsible: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-06262023111551.html 
Column | Night Talk Zhongnanhai: How to return to Chongqing & QUOT; after retiring the secret of Bo Xilai; using influence & quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-26T19:23:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:36:18-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Xu Ming, a member of the Party Group and Deputy Director of the former National Grain Administration.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/yehuazhongnanhai/gx-06262023094034.html/@@stream)The inside story of Bo Xilai's secret Xu Ming returned to Chongqing's "use of influence" was that he received money but did not do anything. After he took the initiative to surrender, he took the initiative to surrender. The great future of Wang Fu also settled in.
In our previous article, the former member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee and the secretary of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee Bo Xilai collapsed for more than nine years, and his secret Xu Ming was in June 2021 after his retirement years. Can return to Chongqing "using the convenient and status of the former member of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee and Secretary -General, etc., and promise to help others in case of case handling through the posts of staff of other countries, illegally receiving RMB 1.2 million" Essence
As soon as the news came out that year, the entire party was uproar, causing Chen Minda, then the then Secretary of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee, who was "entering" at the time of the 20th National Congress.
We might as well trace the time back: On July 13, 2021, the website of the State Administration of Discipline Inspection of the Central Committee issued an announcement: "Xu Ming, a member of the Party Group and Deputy Director of the National Grain Administration, accepted the review and investigation by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection." In the announcement, there was only Xu Ming's resume, and the reason for the investigation was only one sentence "suspected serious violation of discipline and law."
Calculated, Xu Ming has retired for 3 years and 4 months at this time. 7 months later, on January 25, 2022, the CCP official media announced that Xu Ming seriously violated the party's political discipline, organizational discipline, integrity discipline and life discipline, constituted serious duties of violations, suspected bribes, and used influence to accept bribery. After the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, do not converge or stop, the nature is serious, and the impact is bad. After studying and reporting to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China for approval by the meeting of the Standing Committee of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, Xu Ming was expelled from the party; Disciplinary and illegal income; transfer it to the procuratorial organs for prosecutors for review and prosecution in accordance with the law.
Please note that Xu Ming's bribery has been divided into two items here, namely the crime of bribery and using influence to accept bribery. In the previous article of our three columns, we have introduced Article 388 of the Criminal Law of the Communist Party of China in Article 388 of the Criminal Law of the Communist Party of China. Now to explain another perspective, the so -called "crime of using influence to accept bribery" must be those who do not have the status of state staff or have no state staff when they are no longer a state staff.
Specific to Xu Ming, during his life, he used a specific position when he was in his place of reign and accepted bribery. After leaving the office, he used the "Yu Wei" who had taken a certain position as "Yu Wei" to accept bribes, and was convicted as "using influence to accept bribes."
So, the next question is that Xu Ming returned to Chongqing's "use influence" one month before his announcement of the investigation, and who was the "others" who bribed 1.2 million? Who is Xu Ming's "other country staff" who "promised to pass" to the bribery at the time?
In the past two years from Xu Ming's announcement to the investigation of his first trial, there are two people involved in the case of the Xu Ming case he have heard in Chongqing. One is Chen Jun, the former party committee secretary and chief of the Chongqing Public Security Bureau Traffic Patrol Corps.
However, after the author's verification, although Tan Xiaorong had also had a lot of intersections with Xu Ming, who had been with people in Chongqing at that time, this person had taken the initiative to "surrender" to the Chongqing Discipline Inspection Commission as early as January 2021. Flete party membership, expel public office, and transfer to justice. After that, it is unlikely that bribes will be given the idea of reducing the blame for yourself.
And the author has heard about Chen Jun's relatives asking Xu Ming, hoping that Xu Ming can achieve the story that allows Chen Jun to get from the lightness through "influence", maybe closer to the facts.
Let's introduce the relationship between Chen Jun and Xu Ming.
On May 29, 2021, the Chongqing Municipal Commission for Discipline Inspection issued a news: Chen Jun, Secretary of the Party Committee of the Communications Patrol Corps of the Chongqing Public Security Bureau and the head of the Captain Captain, is suspected of serious disciplinary violations and is currently undergoing disciplinary review and supervision investigation by the Chongqing Discipline Inspection Commission.
The notice added this Chen Jun's resume, which was roughly born in June 1968, and locals in Chongqing. Born in Chongqing Police School in Sichuan Province. From the police, he entered the then traffic police department of Chongqing City, Sichuan Province at that time. From police officers to April 2010, he was appointed as the promotion time between the executive deputy chief chief chief of the Chongqing Public Security Bureau Traffic Patrol Police Corps (Zheng County level). In 24 years, the promotion speed cannot be considered fast.
At that time, as soon as the news of Chen Jun was investigated, the external media immediately revealed that Bo Xilai and Wang Lijun set up an old account or scandal of a women's traffic police special service team in Chongqing. The reason why the word "scandal" was described was because the actual purpose of Bo Xilai and Wang Lijun for the so -called women's special service team with their appearance as the first move were formed.
In September 2012, our Liberty Asia also quoted the report from the local insiders in Chongqing: Chengdu Prosecutor's Office of the Chengdu Procuratorate was guilty of leakage of Wang Lijun's allegations, such as his rape. After Wang Lijun went to Chongqing to serve as the director of the Public Security, he once reformed the image of the police force and established a women's traffic patrol police platform. Among them, 13 graduate female police officers, Wang Lijun raped 8 ...
Thinking back to that year, many of the new politics contents of the new policy of "high affirmation" of the new policy of "high affirmation" in Chongqing, a member of the Standing Committee of the Politburo and Secretary of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Political Bureau in Chongqing. When Bo Xilai was in Dalian's administration, she used a beautiful female policeman to be the "city business card".
This women's special service team in Chongqing officially appeared in June 2010, and Chen Jun was promoted to the Captain Captain of the Communications Patrol Corps of the Chongqing Public Security Bureau by the Chongqing Public Security Bureau's Yuguzhong District Branch of the Chongqing Public Security Bureau in April 2010. Therefore, as soon as the external media saw that Chen Jun was investigated, he immediately associated him with the formation of the women's special service team. The women's traffic police team fell into the titles such as Wang Lijun was accused of sex pervert. "
The story I heard is that after the establishment of the women's special service team, Chen Jun was transferred to the Jiangbei District of Chongqing as the Political Commissar of the Public Security Branch. One of the goals is to make it clear as the deputy hall level. The second goal is to warm up for the future transfer traffic police system. At that time, Xu Ming, who was a member of the Standing Committee of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee, Secretary -General and Secretary of the Party Working Committee of the Organ, was the key one on Chen Jun's career. "" ".
After Bo Xilai collapsed due to the betrayal of Wang Lijun, Chen Jun's position did not rise. In April 2013, he still returned to the Municipal Public Security Bureau Traffic Patrol Corps to serve as the party committee secretary and chief captain in April 2013. He is determined as a bureau -level at the department a year later.However, during this period, Chen Junli wanted to smoke, and was no longer satisfied with the past, such as helping people to handle violations, to do a special card, etc.
It stands to reason that Chen Jun at that time was far from great greed in the CCP police system, and his actual wealth was not amazing. And his next way to get rich is actually borrowing huge amounts of funds from his relationship households first, agreed to be low interest or even not interesting (friend help), and then turned to this money to lend this money to another relationship household. How long this behavior lasted, the reporter was unclear, but he knew that the cause of Chen Jun's dismissal was that a merchant who had borrowed usury from Chen Jun went bankrupt because of the new crown epidemic. Then he was forced by Chen Jun's debt, and was afraid that Chen Jun would "make it secretly" with his police uniform, so he simply started the real name of the Chongqing and the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, and attached him and Chen Jun. The two -person borrowing contract.
After Chen Jun was suddenly announced by the Chongqing Discipline Inspection Commission and the Supervisory Commission, the family members were not allowed to say in the Chongqing Municipal Political and Legal Committee and the Public Security Bureau, so they asked Xu Ming, who had nothing to do in Beijing, and Xu Ming laughed. After the "first period" of RMB 1.2 million, he personally rushed to Chongqing, who had been away for many years.
Speaking of which, this Wang Fu was not the lower level of Xu Ming and Bo Xilai in Chongqing. However, Wang Fu and Xu Ming had interspersed in the State Council system in the last century. Because Wang Fu, who entered the official after he was admitted to the Beijing People's Congress from his hometown of Shanxi, had a desire to return to his hometown Guangzong Yaozu at the time, so he took the initiative to ask for a return back. In Shanxi, he served as the Deputy Director of the Shanxi Provincial Sports Reform Commission. Then, he turned around in several deputy deputy deputy deputy departments and bureaus in Shanxi Province, and he was always promoted to hopeless, so he asked Xu Ming, a "popular fried chicken" under Bo Xilai.
Everyone knows that whether Bo Xilai or his father Bo Yibo. Although neither he was in Shanxi, their father and son had an influence on their own politics in Shanxi. Three points. Therefore, Bo Xilai did not need to come out at all. On behalf of Bo Xilai, Xu Ming gave a condolences to the then deputy secretary of the Shanxi Provincial Party Committee Xue Yanzhong. Wang Fu was immediately announced that he enjoyed the main office of the department at the deputy position ... From then on, he entered the fast lane. In 2016, the official to the deputy governor of Shanxi Province.
After Bo Xilai had an accident, after Xu Ming was transferred away from Chongqing, the Secretary -General of the Chongqing Municipal Committee had changed several letters. In January 2018, it was replaced by Wang Fu transferred from Shanxi.
Before that, Wang Fu, who had just been the Vice Governor of Shanxi Province for half a year, was announced to be renamed a more important member of the Shanxi Provincial Party Committee and Secretary -General of the Shanxi Provincial Party Committee. He was transferred to the Standing Committee of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee and Secretary -General. And Chongqing is of course more important than Shanxi Province. Such frequent changes in duties have been strongly cultivated.
After three years at the position of the Standing Committee of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee and Secretary -General, Wang Fu was announced to be renamed as a member of the Standing Committee and Deputy Mayor of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee. He replaced Wu Cunrong, who was renewed as a full -time deputy secretary of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee.
Considering the qualifications of the economic specialty and the financial system of the State Council and the economic system of the local government's economic system for his reasons, this arrangement at that time obviously meant that Wang Fu was already a trained object of the administrative leader of Chongqing or other provinces.
However, as of the end of the year, the promotion of his Wang Fu was suddenly suspended.
In December 2021, Tang Liangzhi, deputy secretary of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee, mayor of the municipal government, and party secretary of the party group, was suddenly announced by Wang Fu who replaced him.
One month later, Tang Liangzhi was announced to be renamed the chairman of the CPPCC of Anhui Province. Wang Fu's name suddenly appeared on the list of the Standing Committee of the Gansu Provincial Party Committee and became the new disciplinary committee secretary of the province.
It is said that the reason why Wang Fu lost a good future is because Xu Ming asked him to help him fight for a case from the light of Chen Jun's case and was rejected by Wang Fu. When the Central Discipline Inspection Commission talked, he took the initiative to give himself a "use of influence" in Chongqing.
Speaking of Wang Fu, Xu Ming rejected Xu Ming's fault, but he did not expect Xu Ming's "surrender" behavior at the time to make him Wang Fu's mistakes. The minister believes that it should not be reused.
In January of this year, the Xu Ming case opened the first trial. The content of the indictment announced on the same day understood that he used the convenience and status of his original committee and secretary general of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee after leaving. Behavior provides help with others in case handling, and illegally collects RMB 1.2 million.
The "staff of other countries" mentioned here should refer to Fu. The case occurred in June 2021. Xu Ming was announced a month later.
The next judgment emphasized that the defendant Xu Ming's behavior constituted the crime of bribery and the use of influence and bribery. The amount of bribery was particularly huge, and the amount of bribery was huge with influence. In view of the attempted attempted departments of Xu Ming's bribery, the use of influence and bribery is surrendered. After the case, the fact that most of the facts that the supervisory organs have not yet mastered the facts of bribery, confession and regrets, and actively retreat. The crime of bribery that he has committed can be punished lightly, and the crime of bribery it he committed can be reduced.
The "surrender to the use of influence by influence" also confirmed from the side that the reporter revealed to the author is very authentic.
In addition, the reporter also said that one of the charges listed by Xu Ming's notification of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection "moral corruption" is derived from the revealing of his ex -wife. The reason why I rushed out. As for whether Xu Ming's "delusional central government" is also revealed by his ex -wife, it is unknown.
However, Xu Ming, who was sentenced to 15 years in prison for "from light punishment", said that he should not live in prison for a long time, because the CCP official media had previously reported that he would win from retirement to win the property lawsuit between the real estate lawsuit with his ex -wife after retirement. During that time, several diseases such as cerebral thrombosis had been suffered, so there is a high probability that it will be medical treatment.
As for the unlucky Wang Fu, although Xu Ming's explanation materials proved that Wang Fu did not give gifts when he asked him for help, so he did not spend money to buy officials, but because he did not report Xu Ming's request in time, he seized the provincial level. The great future of administrative leaders.(This episode is chaired and broadcast by high -tech)(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator))
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/yehuazhongnanhai/gx-06262023094034.html 
A dual -losing mutiny: "Free Version" of Wagner's mercenaries 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-26T23:28:56+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T18:25:99+08:00
Description: Deng Yanwen: Although Pricigon has ended the end of "exile" Belarus, however, this mutiny also made the Russian people see the scene where Putin's authoritarian authority declined.
Images: []
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '乌克兰战争', '普京', '俄罗斯政治']
Type: Article
Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
History is really unpredictable, but it is also attractive. On the morning of June 24, Eastern Time, global public opinion thought that he could witness the occurrence of a historical drama with an unusual excitement, but by the afternoon, it quickly reversed. I refer to the mutiny of the Russian mercenary Wagner Group. The torrent of Wagner's soldiers rolled into Moscow. When global public opinion held his breath and opened his eyes widely, when the Putin regime was in danger, he did not expect the afternoon peak circuit to turn the troops and return to the camp in Ukraine. A big scene stopped as soon as it was staged.
In a conversation program on the morning of June 24th, I believed that Pryigo's altitude was likely to end with failure. The reason was that in Putin's national television speech, it was announced to announce the "justice parade" defined by Perigo. After the "armed rebellion", the Russian Parliament, the head of Orthodox Church, government officials, and public opinion quickly expressed support for Putin. Putin also called with Belarus President Lukashenko, Turkish President Erdogan and several Central Asian countries. The other party said that this is Russia's internal affairs, understanding and supporting Putin's decision. Although the banner played by Pryo is corrupted by the Moscow's military leadership, he wants to "Qing Jun's side". Failure in this war. This will make many Russian people unable to accept the mutiny of Wagner's mercenaries. Although they also hate the corruption of Putin regime, they must take care of this so -called overall situation in this country. After all, Putin is the leader they chose and a symbol of national unity. It can be said that Putin has indeed succeeded in brainwashing the Russian nation over the years. Because of this, some soldiers and officers of the Wagner Group will face great psychological pressure.
Therefore, compared to Moscow's empty defense, although Wagner seems to have the advantages of people and heavy weapons and equipment, and does not shot a shot, it has occupied the headquarters of the southern Russian military region. Fighting, unless Putin completely lost its authority, his order was rejected by the officers, and he could mobilize troops such as Russia and Far East to support.
However, things have reversed much faster than my judgment, and it is unexpected by most people from the outside world. It is also like almost everyone -I think it is also included in Putin -not expected to launch a mutiny Essence The rapid solution of the matter now seems to be due to the mediation of the Belarusian President Lukashenko. The latter has a 20 -year private relationship with Pleigo. With Putin's authorization, he has negotiated with Prita. It is unfavorable, especially with the true intention of his launch of the mutiny -to prevent the Wagner Group from being compiled and loses the control of the army. Although the Wagner soldiers who participated in the "rebellion" were not held accountable because they paid on the battlefield, soldiers who did not participate in the "rebellion" would be compiled by the Russian Ministry of Defense. Perigon was also canceled criminal charges. However, the price was "exile". Belarus, leaving his troops that he created and rely on. The general relieved the armor and returned to the field, and one of the bars was no longer scary. In addition, Pricig is "exiled" Belarus, although he has a good relationship with Putin -in a sense, Wagner Group is also a white glove of Putin, but this time the criminals are chaotic. Such rebellion has always been guilty of death. Kashenko guarantees, but if he is not honest in Belarus, he wants to come back to Dongshan, who can guarantee that Putin, who is born in a agent, won't kill him? And he asked to replace the Russian Minister of Defense, Hiyu, and other high officials. According to the Kremlin Palace, this is not a topic that he and Lukashenko have the right to discuss. From this point of view, the price paid by Perigon in this mutiny is actually heavy. It is never that as the agreement says, it has guaranteed the interests of the Wagner Group to the greatest extent. And why Perigon is willing to accept this result, it is the weirdness of the incident.
I think that the key reason is likely that the strong Russian nationalism on Perigo has allowed him to agree to withdraw. The leader of the Wagner's mercenaries and the former chef of Putin may be more thoughtful than Putin himself. The worst battle of the Russian battlefield was his mercenaries. The reason why Putin put his troops in those defense areas, perhaps the strong Russianism on his body. It is said that the mercenaries of the Wagner Group are mainly composed of active duty and veterans, as well as prisoners. They are different from the mercenaries that generally fight for money. Fight on the battlefield. This says a certain reason. The strong nationalism of Porigan made him persuaded in Lukashenko that he felt that he could not have a civil war in Moscow. Otherwise, he overturned Putin, but it failed to Russia in the Russian battlefield, and he became a national sinner. Therefore, he said in the retreat command that it is the highest principle to prevent Russia from bleeding. After occupying the headquarters of the southern Military Region of Russia, Wagner did not close the airport and the missile launch tower in order to continue launching missiles to Ukraine. He also said that it solved the problem of Moscow and went back to Holland. This was from one side. It confirms his nationalism.
Is there any anti -thief in history? Song Jiang in the Song Dynasty may be regarded as one. However, the nationalism who is unwilling to see the blood -conflicting conflict can only explain that Pryigon agrees with the withdrawal, and he cannot explain that he "voluntarily" leave Wagner to Belarus, because there will be a danger of life in the future, unless a miracle occurs, He has no capital to play with the Moscow's military leadership he hated, let alone the same as Putin; that is, his political career is actually over at this moment, which should not be the result he wants. So the reasonable preservation is what he has to pinch it on Putin's hands. Some American intelligence officials stated that Pleigo's close relatives were controlled by Putin, which made him have to be soft. This possibility does not rule out. On the same day, I also saw that during Wagner's mercenaries on the way to Moscow, Russian security agencies were searching for the headquarters building of Vagna Group in St. Petersburg.
Of course, there are other factors, such as the old feelings of the master, and do not want to completely turn their faces with Putin. Poligon's "rebellion" did not point his finger at Putin from beginning to end. In the 5 -minute TV speech on the "armed rebellion", Putin did not directly order the name of Pritigon, and left each other a back space for each other. For another example, Pricigen officially launched a mutiny, especially after Putin's speech, he found that his rebellion did not get the response and support of Russia's mainstream people and political forces. The forces of all parties will definitely be crushed, and the end will be much worse than now.Although Pryigon has ended a "exile" end of Belarus, however, this mutiny also made the Russian people see that Putin had helpless when he challenged Putin's power, and had to ask Lukashenko to come forward to solve the authority of the problem. The decline scene. In addition, the mutiny also questioned the legitimacy of the war again, and the morale of the morale of the war soldiers in front of Russia cannot be underestimated. These are all about Putin to face and resolve. From this perspective, this matter has not ended, how to evolve in the future is still worthy of attention.
_ (Note: The author is an independent scholar, a researcher at China Strategic Analysis Think Tank. This article only represents the author's personal point of view.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100079 
The logic of "interest rate cuts" of the People's Bank of China (Free Version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-26T23:31:39+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T18:53:99+08:00
Description: Qiqiu Tai: The recent dense interest rate order of the central bank has declined, which reflects what logic of the monetary policy operation of the People's Bank of China? What is China's reasonable interest rate? How to grasp it reasonably?
Images: [" 000109488_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['央行', '货币', '财政', '中国经济']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
On May 15, 2023, the first column article of the first column of the "Monetary Policy Implementation Report" of the Central Bank in 2023 discussed "reasonable grasp of interest rate levels". So, what is China's reasonable interest rate? How to grasp it reasonably? On June 8th, the six major banks simultaneously lowered the deposit interest rate to increase the increase (still higher than the 1 -year regular deposit interest rate of 1.5%higher than the 1 -year -old deposit on October 24, 2015). On June 12, 11 joint -stock banks reduced deposit interest rates (the Industrial Bank was not adjusted). On the 13th, the short -term policy interest rate of the central bank decreased from 2%to 1.9%from 2%to 1.9%. Points to 3.25%. On the 15th, the central bank's interim policy interest rate MLF interest rate dropped from 2.75%to 2.65%. On the 16th, the market benchmark interest rate DR007 fell to 1.9416%. On the 20th, the 1 -year LPR was 3.65%, and the LPR of more than 5 years was 4.3%, each downgrading 10 basis points. The dense interest rate order decline operation reflects what logic of the People's Bank of China's monetary policy operation?

In the first quarter of 2023, the central bank's monetary policy enforcement report took DR007 and 7 -day reverse repurchase interest rates as policy interest rates, comparable to the target interest rate of US federal funds. In the currency market, the central bank through policy interest rates, that is, the 7 -day reverse repurchase daily reverse repurchase affects the market benchmark interest rate DR007, which affects the currency market. In the credit market, the central bank affects LPR through the monthly central bank policy interest rate MLF operation. In the capital market, the central bank affects national bond yields through 7 days of reverse repurchase and MLF.
But what is the relationship between policy interest rates and commercial bank deposits? On October 24, 2015, the central bank determined that the benchmark interest rate of one -year deposit was 1.5%. In June 2021, the People's Bank of China guided interest rate self -discipline mechanism to optimize the upper limit of the self -discipline of deposit interest rate self -discipline. It was formed by a certain multiplier by the benchmark interest rate of deposit, and it was determined to add a certain base point. In September 2021, President Yi Gang wrote that "deposit interest rates are generally more stable than other market interest rates. At present, the benchmark interest rate of one -year deposit deposit in my country is 1.5%. Based on this, it can be floated or floated. "Golden level" meets the needs of cross -cyclical design. " At present, the interest rate of the 5 major banks and 11 joint -stock banks has not broken through the benchmark interest rate of the central bank's one -year deposit of 1.5%.
However, in April 2022, the central bank established a market -oriented adjustment mechanism for deposit interest rates, urging banks to refer to the interest rate of bond market represented by 10 -year Treasury bond yields and loan market interest rates represented by one -year LPR, and reasonably adjusted the level of deposit interest rates ( That is, the deposit interest rate is based on the two market benchmark interest rates); in September, the central bank's style changed greatly, and the deposit interest rate formation mechanism changed again. Other banks follow up. This round of interest rate reduction operations is the implementation of the central bank's policy in September, that is, on the basis of the unchanged benchmark interest rate of the one -year deposit, commercial banks cut interest rates first, and the central bank's benchmark interest rate is adjusted again?

Since the Bank of China has changed from a one -year loan interest rate to LPR, the central bank has coincided with the new crown epidemic. The central bank knows that there is a transformation process. Since 2020, the central bank has begun to unblock monetary policy transmission after establishing LPR's benchmark interest rate standards. "Since 2020, the People's Bank of China has used reform methods to unblock monetary policy transmission, continue to promote the reform of the loan market quotation interest rate (LPR), and the cost of corporate financing has declined significantly." "Since 2021, the People's Bank of China has used reform methods to unblock monetary policy transmission, continuously release the reform dividend of the loan market quotation interest rate (LPR), and promote the steady and decreased comprehensive financing costs of enterprises."
In 2022, the central bank indirectly reduced the level of loan interest rates from the perspective of reducing the level of deposit interest rates. In the first quarter, the "continuous release of the loan market quotation interest rate (LPR) reform dividends, optimized the supervision of deposit interest rates, and promoted the actual loan interest rate to further reduce." Since the second quarter of 2022, "Since the beginning of this year, the market -oriented reform of interest rates has been continued, the loan market quotation interest rate (LPR) reform dividends are continued, the deposit interest rate supervision is optimized, and the actual loan interest rate has been further reduced." In the first quarter of 2023 Protection interest rate (LPR) reform efficiency and market -oriented adjustment mechanism for deposit interest rates ". The transformation of the central bank's policy reflects the adjustment of the central bank's interest space to stabilize financial institutions from compressed financial institutions, and pay more attention to financial stability (mainly banks stable) and reduce liability costs (while reducing liability costs does not seem to be the original intention of commercial banks, but instead The result of "central bank guidance").
Third, the "central bank guidance" of the central bank's interest rate policy is different from the logic behind the long -term guidance of interest rates? 
Economic theory believes that the central bank has a small fine -tuning interest rate level and the opportunity cost is small. Therefore, supplemented by communication or long -term guidance can play a large policy effect. In the first quarter of 2023, the central bank's monetary policy enforcement report first proposed the "improvement of market interest rate+central bank guidance → LPR → loan interest rate" conduction mechanism ". The "central bank guidance" is obviously different from "long -term guidance". Western central banks have just given up interest rate long -term guidance interest rate management methods. They believe that once they are facing uncertainty, the central bank should give up long -term guidance, but should adopt MBM. According to the changes in the situation of each meeting interval, the interest rate Interest rate adjustment path. Therefore, it can be judged that the central bank of China believes that economic uncertainty is small (obvious economic trends), and the central bank has a certain "central bank guidance" information advantage. And the object of "central bank guidance" is obviously commercial banks rather than "market". Due to the poor ability of "guiding" non -"long -term guidance" management expectations, the effect of cutting interest rate cuts will also be less, and it may be more accumulated by relying on low interest rates.

Why can't currency loose reduce interest rates?****
What are the current rules of interest rate policy?
The economics community generally believes that the basic rules of interest rate policy adjustment are Taylor rules, that is, central banks adjust policy interest rate response output gaps and inflation gaps. At present, the economic growth rate in the first quarter of 2023 was 4.5%lower than market expectations and potential economic growth rates, and CPI 1.3%in the first quarter was also lower than 3%of the annual target value. It seems that the real data central bank based on the first quarter is necessary to further cut interest rates. However, due to the cumulative effect of monetary policy conduction and the cumulative effect of loose policies, considering the gradual progress of economic recovery, the current policy interest rate level of the central bank seems to be consistent with international institutions (April IMF predicts China's 2023 GDP growth rate of 5.2%, 6 In the month, OECD predicted China's economic growth rate of 5.4%in 2023, CPI2.1%, and the World Bank predicted GDP growth rate of 5.6%). That is, inflation is expected to be lower than the goal, and economic growth is expected to be in the target range. At this time, how does the central bank make decisions? The first is to look at the central bank's weight choice, that is, even more disgusting inflation or more disgusting economic imbalance. The second is to look at the central bank's concerns about the excessive currency of the number of days? That is, once the interest rate decreases too much, the super -issuing currency "getting out" from the deposit of the banking system may also be unbearable by the Chinese economy. Therefore, the author agrees with the central bank's point of view, that is, the level of stable deposit interest rates is the "stabilization of economic stability" in China and the "social stability" of vulnerable groups.
Note: This article only represents the author's personal point of view
Editor of this article Xu Jin jin.xu@ftchinese.com 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100075 
The price of electric vehicles was fierce, and "Tesla Killer" Weilai encountered a against the adversity 
Author: Raffaele Huang
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-26T23:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T23:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-26T06:52:00.000Z
Description: In recent months, Weilai's sales have fallen sharply, which has prompted their price reductions and reduced investment, highlighting the challenges faced by many car companies in the world's largest electric vehicle market.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001007936
Type: Article
Electric vehicle startup Weilai Group(Nio, Nio)In 2017, it was hailed as China's Tesla(Tesla)Killer, at that time, the company launched an SUV with smooth body design lines, equipped with large screen panels and voice instruction functions, while the price is only half of ModelX.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E6%B1%BD%E8%BD%A6%E4%BB%B7%E6%A0%BC%E6%88%98%E6%83%A8%E7%83%88-%E7%89%B9%E6%96%AF%E6%8B%89%E6%9D%80%E6%89%8B-%E8%94%9A%E6%9D%A5%E9%81%AD%E9%81%87%E9%80%86%E5%A2%83-f2166089 
Europe 
Authors: ['乔治•斯蒂尔', '西尔维亚•普法伊费尔', '帕特里夏•尼尔森']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-26T23:52:04+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T19:35:99+08:00
Description: Some investors bet Russia's political instability may hinder the war efforts of the Kremlin, and then shorten the process of Russia and Ukraine, but others believe that the decline in military stocks will not continue.
Images: [" 000185669_pic... "]
Themes: ['欧洲股市', '关注']
Keywords: ['欧洲股市', '叶夫根尼•普里戈任', '普京', '军工']
Type: Article
 The European National Defense Force workers fell sharply on Monday because some investors bet Russian political instability may hinder the war efforts of the Kremlin and shorten the conflict in Ukraine.
Analysts and industry executives stated that Last Saturday, Russian private military company owner Yofgeni Porigo(Evgeno -Opigin)Attempted rebellions, it prompted some people to make a profit from the sector that has soared sharply since Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100080 
The rebellion may advance the Putin regime to the last scene (Free Version) 
Authors: ['克里斯•唐纳利']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-26T23:57:57+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T19:56:99+08:00
Description: Donalley: The Russian system requires strong helm people to operate, and Putin's influence has been greatly weakened. The rebellion of Porigen has ended, but the big show has just begun.
Images: [" 000150436_pic... "]
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '叶夫根尼•普里戈任', '普京', '乌克兰战争', '新兴市场', '卢卡申科', '北约']
Type: Article
 The author of this article is the chief consultant of Earendel Associates, who was a NATO(Nato)Russian affairs consultant
Yofgeni Pricigen(Evgeno -Opigin)After the news of the rebellion came out, the first problem I thought was, is this a play or a real thing? As a result, both. Although this incident is dramatic, it is not Vladimir Putin who wrote the script(Vladimir Putin)Essence The Russian president faced a real threat, and although some people might think he had the upper hand, he was severely damaged in the image of the supreme Tsar in the country (the real important place).
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100081 
Hong Kong immigrants Zou Zhiyang Shengxuan will become the first Chinese mayor of Toronto 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T-13:32:10+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Montreal, 26th) Former Canadian parliament member Olivia Chow wins today and is about to become the first Chinese mayor in Toronto, the largest city of Canada. The situation of faction governance.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Zou Zhiyi, born in Hong Kong, qualified from 102 candidates. She promised to increase real estate tax and strengthen support for renters in response to the crisis of difficulties in Toronto's housing.
Zou Zhiyi emphasized in his speech tonight that Toronto voters have authorized her to change.
After she announced the victory, she said to the supporters: "If you doubt what you may get after unity, if you have questioned your faith in the future, and what we can do for each other, tonight is your answer. ","
Zou Zhiyi won 37.2%of the votes, leading 32.5%of ANA Bailay, and former Toronto Police Director Marksaunders ranked 3rd with 8.6%votes.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E9%A6%99%E6%B8%AF%E7%A7%BB%E6%B0%91%E9%82%B9%E8%87%B3%E8%95%99%E8%83%9C%E9%80%89-%E5%B0%86%E6%88%90%E5%A4%9A%E4%BC%A6%E5%A4%9A%E9%A6%96%E4%BD%8D%E5%8D%8E%E8%A3%94%E5%B8%82%E9%95%BF 
European stocks go in early trading 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T-15:32:10+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 27th) The major European stock market opened today, reversing yesterday's weakness.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The London Stock Market Financial Times 100 stock price index (FTSE 100) rose 0.5%to 7490.01 points.
Frankfurt's DAX index rose 0.4%to 15882.33 points; the Paris stock market CAC 40 index rose 0.5%to 7223.15 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230627-%E6%AC%A7%E8%82%A1%E6%97%A9%E7%9B%98%E8%B5%B0%E9%AB%98 
United Nations inspects Guanda Nama Bay Prison: inhumane and humiliated personality 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T-20:32:12+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T07:05:04+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New York, New York headquarters 26th) U.S. human rights experts reported on the first visit to the Guanda Namo U.S. military prison today that the last 30 detainees were almost continued to be monitored and severely isolated. This treatment is "cruel, inhumane and humiliated."
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Fionnuala Ni Aolain, a special report of the United Nations Human Rights Affairs, said the treatment of the prison of Guantanamobay, a US Navy base in Cuban, has violated the "basic rights and freedom" of the detention.
O'Nan pointed out that after the Al-QAEDA attacking the United States in 2001, the detainees were detained for nearly 20 years as suspected. Health care.
O'Nan said in the news briefing that these detention people lacked contact with their family members, whether they were visiting or calling for face -to -face.
She said: "According to my assessment, according to international law, such practices and omissions, overall constitutes a continuous cruelty, inhumane and humiliated treatment."
After the United Nations Human Rights experts seemed to visit the prison for 20 years, O'Nerene led a group to Guandamamo in February this year.
In the report of the team's report, she said that Washington has not solved the most obvious human rights acts related to the detainees, that is, these people were secretly detained, transferred or extradited to Guandanama in the early 2000s, and many of them were In the first few years after the 911 terrorist attack, it was severely tortured by US agents.
These detainees' booked military trials have been delayed for many years because they can obtain fairness and justice after being tortured.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E8%81%94%E5%90%88%E5%9B%BD%E8%A7%86%E5%AF%9F%E5%85%B3%E8%BE%BE%E9%82%A3%E6%91%A9%E6%B9%BE%E7%9B%91%E7%8B%B1-%E4%B8%8D%E4%BA%BA%E9%81%93%E4%B8%94%E6%9C%89%E8%BE%B1%E4%BA%BA%E6%A0%BC 
The British fighter aircraft is approaching the border with the border Russian fighter emergency lift and interception 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T-23:32:11+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T07:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Moscow reported on the 26th.) The Russian Ministry of Defense said today that when the British fighter aircraft was near the Russian border over the Black Sea, Russia urgently dispatched two fighter aircraft to take off.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Russian Ministry of Defense said in a statement: "When the Russian combat jet is approaching, foreign fighters turned around and flew away from the Russian border."
The Russian Ministry of Defense said that the fighter near the Russian border was two British Typhoon fighters and a RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft.
The Russian Ministry of Defense said: "Russian fighter aircraft returned to the airport safely. These fighters did not infringe the Russian border."
In recent months, with Moscow's offensive against Ukraine, incidents involving Russia and Western aircraft in the Black Sea and the Baltic Sea have increased significantly.
In May of this year, the Moscow authorities said that in the two incidents over the Baltic Sea within one week, four US strategic bombers were intercepted. Russia also emerged fighters to intercept France, Germany and Poland.
In April of this year, a U.S. MQ-9 death unmanned reconnaissance aircraft (MQ-9 Reaper) crashed into the Black Sea after being hit, and Washington blamed the conflict on two Russian fighters.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E8%8B%B1%E5%9B%BD%E6%88%98%E6%9C%BA%E9%BB%91%E6%B5%B7%E4%B8%8A%E7%A9%BA%E9%80%BC%E8%BF%91%E8%BE%B9%E7%95%8C-%E4%BF%84%E6%88%98%E6%9C%BA%E7%B4%A7%E6%80%A5%E5%8D%87%E7%A9%BA%E6%8B%A6%E6%88%AA 
After the epidemic of the top university, it has difficulty in operating difficulties in New Zealand. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T-25:32:11+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T07:05:01+00:00
Description: (AFP 27th, 27th) The New Zealand government announced today that it provides 128 million New dollars (about NT $ 2.5 billion) for financial distress, hoping to avoid making it suffer from COVID-19 The academic institutions in the epidemic appeared in the case of layoffs and forced to delete.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that the New Zealand Finance and Education Department stated that they will invest 128 million New dollars to help schools continue to operate through subsidies.
After the epidemic of COVID-19 (2019 Coronary Virus disease), some top universities in New Zealand suffered from the problem that the number of foreign students returned slower than expected after the border was restarted.
OTAGO University, located in Dundin, and Victoria University ofwellington, the University of Victoria University, in the capital, have recently stated that due to the shortage of budgets, hundreds of job positions are in danger, and the course may also be suffered by the curriculum. reduce.
Education Minister Jan Tinetti said that such one -time capital injection will assist some universities that provide degrees in the next two years.
She admits that this cash injection "does not solve all the problems facing the university, but it should have a positive impact."
Juliedouglas, chairman of the Tertiary Education Union, described the government's decision that "the late is not better" and "cautiously" believes that this additional funds are enough to make some universities that need to cut expenditure to lift the dilemma. Essence (Translator: Ji Jinling)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E9%A1%B6%E5%B0%96%E5%A4%A7%E5%AD%A6%E7%96%AB%E6%83%85%E5%90%8E%E8%90%A5%E8%BF%90%E5%9B%B0%E9%9A%BE-%E7%BA%BD%E8%A5%BF%E5%85%B0%E5%AE%A3%E5%B8%8325%E4%BA%BF%E5%85%83%E7%BA%BE%E5%9B%B0 
Wats was appointed as the host of Foss News 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T-27:32:11+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T07:20:04+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 26th) Fos News announced today that Jesse Watters was replaced by the expelled golden period of the expedition to the aide to be the auction of Tucker ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Wats's qualifying is one of the reorganizations of the news giant Foss. Fox News reached a reconciliation case with Dominion Votingsystems (Dominion Votingsystems) before $ 787.5 million, and then parted ways with the star anchor Karson, a good star anchor at the end of April.
The media giant Rupert Murdoch, a subsidiary of the former US President Donaldtrump, tilled Trump before he took office, but the relationship between the two sides was not very stable recently. Trump often did not give him. Some support and angry. Wats is currently the co -host of the Flow News Roundtable talk show "The Five". When Fos News announced the new job of Wats, it also announced the new version of the golden period content, which will be replaced by "Jesse WattersPrimetime" at 8:00 pm at 8 pm.
This personnel change is at an attempt to control the financial losses caused by Calrson after leaving in May. After Karson's departure was full of gunpowder, Foss's evening ratings were said to have plummeted.
44 -year -old Wats joined Fos News as a production assistant after graduating from university in 2001. He soon started the interview style of "Ambush Journalism".
Watts is known for its unknown interview objects on the street. These people are usually politicians, government officials, or liberal activists, and many of them are angry with Wats's approach.
He has been accused of broadcasting racist programs, ridiculing tourism as "Lu Snake in Life", and ridicule immigration. During the epidemic at the end of 2021, Wats urged the participants of a conservative political conference to "raid" Anthonyfauci, the top American infectious disease expert. Foqi was the Dean of the National Institute of Allergic and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) and the spokesperson for the United States to fight COVID -19. Wats called on the participants to bombard the Buddha and "give a fatal blow." Foqi later said that Wats should be "fired on the spot", but Foss News defended their star reporters in the statement. Fox News said today that the new personnel lineup will "ensure that our audience can get unparalleled reports of first -class teams in the next few years."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E7%93%A6%E7%89%B9%E6%96%AF%E8%A2%AB%E4%BB%BB%E5%91%BD%E4%B8%BA%E7%A6%8F%E6%96%AF%E6%96%B0%E9%97%BB%E6%98%8E%E6%98%9F%E4%B8%BB%E6%8C%81%E4%BA%BA 
Philippine police rescue more than a thousand people to read Facebook advertisements and deceive in online games 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T-4:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T10:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Manila, 27th) The Philippine police said today that they rescued more than 1,000 victims who were sold to Manila and worked for online casinos.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Police raid the Philippine capital of Manila last night and found citizens from China, Vietnam, Singapore, and Malaysia.
Police said that the victims were allegedly seemed to see the talent information posted on Facebook, and applied to the Philippines as a "online game assistant" position.
The international community is increasingly concerned about the Internet fraud incident in the Asia -Pacific region. These fraud cases are usually engaged in victims of the population. They are deceived or coerced to propagate illegal cryptocurrency transactions.
AFP reporters today saw two police buses and two police trucks parked outside the building group at the scene.
"Philippine National Police) Anti -Internet Crime Brigade spokesman Michellesabino said:" This was a case of people trafficking at first. "
Shabino said "everything will be investigated", including whether these employees are involved in online fraud.
In May this year, the Philippine authorities rescued more than 1,000 victims who were traded from multiple Asian countries to the Philippines, were abducted and forced to engage in Internet fraud.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E8%8F%B2%E5%BE%8B%E5%AE%BE%E8%AD%A6%E6%96%B9%E8%A7%A3%E6%95%91%E9%80%BE%E5%8D%83%E4%BA%BA-%E7%9C%8B%E8%84%B8%E4%B9%A6%E5%B9%BF%E5%91%8A%E5%8F%97%E9%AA%97%E4%BB%8E%E4%BA%8B%E7%BA%BF%E4%B8%8A%E5%8D%9A%E5%BC%88 
Sri Lanka's giant problem: fight against plastic pollution 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T-6:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T10:05:03+00:00
Description: (AFP 27th, 27th) France -Presse) Sri Lanka Elephant and Cow only eaten the plastic belly, which promoted the birth of more stringent pollution laws; Also to be observed.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In the past 10 years, Sri Lanka estimates that 20 elephants and countless wild animals have died of one -time plastic products. Officials now say that one of the laws that prohibit a variety of plastic products will be effective within a few weeks.
Plastic bags, plastic bottles, and plastic packaging blockage drainage ditches, causing urban water floods and stagnant mosquitoes, resulting in mosquito transmission and possible dengue fever surge.
ANIL JASINGHE, an environmental protection official of Sri Lanka, told AFP: "We hope to create a sense of responsible use of plastic."
He said that the forthcoming specifications will prohibit disposable plastic products such as plastic tableware, plastic cups, plastic straws and plastic flowers.
This is not the first time in Sri Lanka to try to fight plastic issues. Jiaxinch admits that it has its own difficulty. For example, in 2006, the ban on ultra -thin plastic bags and plastic wraps was blatantly contempt for manufacturers.
He said, "Of course, we sometimes have a raid inspection, but the raid cannot solve the problem."
"We must have environmentally friendly literacy to make the production line a better and more environmentally friendly production method."
In 2017, a garbage mountain in Kloren, the capital of Sri Lanka, collapsed, causing more than 30 people to die, and hundreds of people were damaged. The garbage dump was later closed.
Soon after, Sri Lanka disabled plastic shopping bags, but this provision was not strictly implemented.
The United Nations said that plastic products used in Sri Lanka were only 3%recovered, and less than half of the global average of 7.2%.
The 2020 study of the CENTRE For ENVIRONMENTASTICE research showed that disposable plastic products such as plastic bags, plastic wraps, straws, etc., accounting for nearly 1.5 % of urban waste.
This 22 million people in South Asian countries manufacture more than 1.5 million metric tons of plastic waste each year, half of which flow to the canal and river, and finally flow into the Indian Ocean.
Environmentalists said that cleaning plastic and stopping manufacturing more plastic is also good for health.
According to the National Dengue Control Unit, places where plastic containers are discarded, dengue fever will also increase, and dengue heat diffusion and plastic waste will be greatly related.
Regardless of the goal is to improve health or reduce pollution, anti -plastic environmental protection persons said that continuous implementation is still the key.
The founder of the Environmental Organization Zeroplastic Movement Nishshaanka Desilva said: "This move is good, but I am worried that they can really take action and implement it."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230627-%E6%96%AF%E9%87%8C%E5%85%B0%E5%8D%A1%E7%9A%84%E5%B7%A8%E6%97%A0%E9%9C%B8%E9%97%AE%E9%A2%98-%E5%AF%B9%E6%8A%97%E5%A1%91%E8%83%B6%E6%B1%A1%E6%9F%93 
The Japanese government returned to trade discount white list through South Korea in July 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T-9:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 27th) In 2019, when Japan's relationship with South Korea became worse, South Korea had excluded South Korea from the "white list" countries that were applicable to trade discounts. The Japanese Government Cabinet Meeting is expected to be implemented in July through the decree that allows South Korea to return to the white list today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Japan will be divided into 4 categories of export countries, which are high to low according to the degree of trust, which are Group A, Group B, C Group, and D Group. South Korea was originally in Group A, but was reduced to Japan with a lower trust B Group in 2019. Group A, the highest degree of trust, is also known as a white list of countries, and it applies to the most favorable trade measures.
Since the Japanese government has confirmed that South Korea has the same export management level as Japan, it is expected to be announced on June 30 by the government order specified as a white list of the white list of the white list, and it is officially implemented on July 21.
With South Korea's return to the white list, it may be transferred to the tool machines that may be transferred to military use and are strictly controlled. There is almost no need to apply for individual export permits.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%AC%E6%94%BF%E5%BA%9C%E9%80%9A%E8%BF%87-%E9%9F%A9%E5%9B%BD7%E6%9C%88%E9%87%8D%E5%9B%9E%E8%B4%B8%E6%98%93%E4%BC%98%E6%83%A0%E7%99%BD%E8%89%B2%E5%90%8D%E5%8D%95 
Don't find someone to write a recommendation letter (Free Version) 
Authors: ['皮利塔•克拉克']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T00:02:40+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T19:59:99+08:00
Description: Clark: A former colleague who feels mediocre, please help you write a recommendation letter when looking for a job. This is the moral difficulties you may encounter in modern workplace life.
Images: [" 000135977_pic... "]
Themes: ['观点', '职场', '关注']
Keywords: ['职场', '企业文化', '就业']
Type: Article
 Things usually start with an email.
"Hi", it may start with a cheerful tone, although it comes from a good amount that you know in your work a long time -as far as your impression -can only be regarded as very ordinary people.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100082 
The soldiers have brought tremendous pressure to the Russian system (Free Version) 
Authors: ['陈寒士']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T00:57:23+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T20:55:99+08:00
Description: Chen Hanshi: Russia's "patriotic most people" have always suspected that Perigo said yes, that is, the country's elite class does not care about the country and the people. This makes Putin face a tricky choice.
Images: [" 000185671_pic... "]
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '乌克兰战争', '高端专享', '新兴市场', '叶夫根尼•普里戈任', '普京']
Type: Article
 This author is Berlin Cuncaneki Russia Eurasian Center(Carnegie Russia Eurasia Center)Senior researcher, Florence European University College(European University Institute)Guest researcher 
Vladimir(Vladimir Putin)It seems to overcome the biggest domestic crisis since the beginning of his administration. But the Russian president's domestic and foreign allies did not scramble to congratulate him. The emotions of the elite and the tone of the official propaganda are far from the joy after victory. After 23 years of rule, and the second year of the Ukrainian war (this war should have brought glory to Putin and his regime), a coup may occur, which itself has a question mark on his ability to control Russia. This incident also challenged the statement about most people in Putin's patriotism.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100083 
The retail market has slowed down, and there is a hidden concern for the listing of more wisdom? (Free version) 
Authors: ['阳歌']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T01:16:17+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T21:11:99+08:00
Description: This company provided cloud services for traditional and e -commerce retailers recorded only 1.6%of revenue growth in the first quarter.
Images: [" 000185672_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '中国商业与金融', '零售业']
Type: Article
 The retail cloud service provider's multi -point wisdom Co., Ltd. seems to be struggling in seconds. The company's preliminary prospectus of IPOs in Hong Kong revealed that it is rapidly exhausted limited cash reserves. This company, which is closely related to domestic retail giants, is estimated that its current financial resources are enough to provide funds for the operation of the next 12 months.
This makes the completion of the IPO more and more important, because according to the latest prospectus submitted last Thursday, listing may significantly increase the company's cash reserves. As of the end of March, its cash reserves were only 477 million yuan. There is only one problem, that is, the multi -point wisdom's business progress is not fast. In the six months since the first submitted to the prospectus in December last year, the business development speed has slowed sharply.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100084 
Ukrainian President inspecting the Inthstan forces, Moscow announced to intercept British "spy" aircraft 
Author: 半岛电视台, 法国媒体
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-27T01:21:41
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T01:21:41
Description: On Monday, June 26, Ukrainian President Zelezzki inspected the headquarters of the Eastern Command of the Ukrainian Army. When Russia announced the intercepting British "spy" aircraft over the Black Sea, the European Union decided to increase military assistance to Ukraine 3.5 billion euros.
Images: [" 1-1687828467.jpg ", " 2-1687828478.jpg ", " 3-1687828484.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian soldiers launched the BM-21 GRAD multi-tube rocket system near the front line of the Zapolo area(Peninsula TV Station)On Monday, June 26, the Ukrainian President Zeleziski inspected the headquarters of the Eastern Command of the Ukrainian Army, and just a few hours ago, Russia announced the control of Lifnobol, south of the country's Eastern Dontezk. In addition, when Russia announced the intercepting British "spy" aircraft over the Black Sea, the European Union decided to increase military assistance to Ukraine of 3.5 billion euros.
Zelegasky visited the area for the second time after controlling Bachurut on May 17, met with the leaders and stationed troops on the Eastern Line, and expressed his hope to win on the front line.
Zelezki pointed out that he had communicated with a group of soldiers at the Donetsk gas station, but he had not explained the specific location, and his visit included tribute to some soldiers who gathered combat and strategic forces near Zapolo.
Earlier on Monday on the 26th, the Deputy Minister of Defense of the Ukraine Ministry of Defense Anna Maryle said that the Ukrainian army regained Rifnobal, 100 kilometers southwest of Donetzk, which was the area where the Ukrainian army was attacking. After nearly two weeks of battle, several villages were recovered.
With the support of Western military assistance, the Ukrainian army has recovered about 10 positions at this stage, most of which are located on the southern front. There, it is trying to break through Russia's defense, but the main line distance is still several kilometers.
According to military analysts, the Ukrainian army has launched an offensive in the three main directions for a few weeks: south of Orchov from Tocomak (southeast) from Olichv to Takmark (southeast), not far from Wakhlaida, Lvnul, Near Boer, and the East Line near Bach Murte (also Donetsk).
On the other hand, British Defense Minister Ben Wallace said that in the summer military operations, the land that has successfully recovered the Ukrainian army has "occupied" land than Russia's offensive operation last winter.
The minister added at the accountability meeting of the British Parliament that the Ukrainian army was steadily and gradually making tactical progress, while Russia lacked sufficient force on the battlefield.
 According to the Russian military website, the Ukrainian troops successfully stabilized the heel on the left bank of the Dieber River in Heruson in the southeast

According to the Russian military website "Ribar", the Ukraine forces successfully stabilized the heel on the left bank of the Nieber River in Hermuson, southeast Ukraine.
The activist released a photo recorded by a Russian drone, which showed that Russian vehicles seemed to shoot violently on the left bank of the river near the Antonovsky Bridge.
Hermone's Ukrainian military officials refused to comment on the development of the matter, and said in an answer to the Peninsula TV as a question that the Ukrainian army's decision was to remain silent.
The Ukrainian army controlled the right bank of the Dnie River, while the Russian army controlled the left bank of Heruson.
Governor of Russian Russia denied that the Ukrainian army had controlled the left bank of the river, and pointed out that the Ukrainian team tried to cross the river many times in the past three days, but was aimed and destroyed by the Russian army.
On the other hand, the person in charge of the Hermuson Military Department reported that the Russian army fired a ban on bombs to the region, causing 1 person to die, 7 injuries, and fires in Hermone and surrounding cities.
Natalia Hummestax, a spokesman for the Battle Command of the South Ukraine, said that the Russian army bombarded the "caliber" missile and drone to bombard the southwest of Ukraine, and pointed out that the Ukrainian army shot down all the use in the attack. Drone and missile.
 A huge explosion in the Ukrainian weapon library(Peninsula TV Station)On the other hand, the Russian military website "Ribar" reported that the Russian air defense system shot down a drone of the "Russian Petroleum Company" oil depot that tried to attack south of Kurusk and bordered to Harkov, Ukraine.
Intercepting British plane 
Against the background, two Russian "Su-27" aircraft intercept British spy machines close to the Russian border over the Black Sea.
According to the Russian channel today, the Russian Ministry of Defense said in a statement on Monday that the Russian airspace control device detected that three air targets were close to the Russian border over the Black Sea.
The statement added that in order to identify the air targets and prevent the infringement of the Russian Federation border, the air defense forces sent two "Su-27" fighters to the place. Russian fighter aircraft has determined air targets as an RC135 electronic reconnaissance aircraft and two Royal Air Force multi -purpose "typhoon" fighters.
The ministry said that when the Russian fighter was approaching, foreign military planes turned around and flew away from the Russian national border.
European support 
Against the background, Germany said that the European Union decided to increase military assistance to Ukraine 3.5 billion euros.
On the other hand, the EU Foreign Policy Specialist Hessep Berrely announced at the end of the Luxembourg EU Foreign Minister's meeting to provide a package of 3.5 billion euros assistance programs to Ukraine to support peaceful efforts from Africa, Bargan and other countries.
Berrely confirmed that the NATO has trained 34,000 Ukrainian soldiers, and other batches will receive training in the future.
shuku appear 
On Monday, the 26th, the Russian Ministry of Defense stated in a statement that Hogu inspected the Western Army Frontier Command Center in the so -called "Ukrainian Special Military Action" area, but did not specifically explain the visit time.
The ministry added that after the Minister of Defense reviewed Colonel Yofgen Nikini Nikiforov, the current situation, the nature of the Ukrainian army, and the Russian army's combat mission, instructed the military region and its leadership Continue to actively investigate to expose the Ukraine plan and prevent it from implementing it.
According to Germany, Russian military bloggers said that the video in the Ukrainian operation area was shot before the rebellion of the Russian Wagner Group.
In another context, the German news agency reported that the European Union decided to increase military assistance to Ukraine 3.5 billion euros. This was made during the European Union Minister of Foreign Affairs held in Luxembourg.
EU foreign policy Hese Pollyi said earlier on the 27th that member states agreed to increase military support for Ukraine.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/6/27/%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%80%bb%e7%bb%9f%e8%a7%86%e5%af%9f%e9%a1%bf%e6%b6%85%e8%8c%a8%e5%85%8b%e9%83%a8%e9%98%9f%e8%8e%ab%e6%96%af%e7%a7%91%e5%ae%a3%e5%b8%83%e6%8b%a6%e6%88%aa%e8%8b%b1 
Take off "Kong Yiji's gown": China's employment situation is becoming more and more severe, and young people find the way from the "blue -collar" work 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T01:46:34.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T01:46:34.000Z
Description: Since 2020, the unemployment rate of young people in China has been at a high level for several years. More and more young people in China cannot find a suitable job, and have to choose a "blue -collar" job that requires physical labor.
Images: [" _130200845_im... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['职业', '中國', '就业', '年轻人']
Type: Article
"Kong Yiji's gown": China's employment situation is becoming more and more severe, and young people find the way from the "blue -collar" work 
1:46 am on June 27, 2023![] 26 -year -old Zhang Jingjing grew up in rural Chongqing, China. He studied hard in the cold window of changing his destiny in reading and admitted to college and became the pride of the villagers. However, after graduating from college in 2019, she found that not only did she not get a skill, but even the expected salary was not even in the economic downturn. 
Her university is majoring in marketing. After graduation, she has entered the real estate industry for sales. This is one of the industries that have faced the most pressure on transformation in recent years. After three years of ups and downs employment experience, she was exhausted. Occasionally, she came into contact with the housekeeping industry and saw some hope.
"At that time, I was already with a quite collapse and 'rotten'. I felt that it would be enough to find a job to support myself." Zhang Jingjing said. But she found that she loved this line.
Her job is to give her family nanny and family teachers at the age of 5 years old. Most of the time, she played with the child, and she has time to help the elderly at home to do housework. Take off the suit and put on the casual clothes, she became a "blue -collar" worker.
Since 2020, the unemployment rate of young people in China has been at a high level for several years. According to the latest data released by the official June, the unemployment rate of young people aged 16 to 24 reached a record high since 2018, up to 20.8%. More and more young people in China cannot find a suitable job, and have to choose a "blue -collar" job that requires physical labor, including delivery, going to the restaurant as a waiter, a online car driver, and so on.
"For the entire Chinese society, graduating from university to do housekeeping, representing the mismatch of human resources further intensified," said Lu Xi, assistant professor of the School of Public Policy of the State University of Singapore, said.
The high unemployment rate has led to a large gap between the rich and the poor. For the high -end service of the housekeeping industry, especially the high -end services responsible for teaching, it does provide a lot of employment opportunities. However, compared to developed economies such as Hong Kong and Singapore, families in need usually choose foreign workers to do housekeeping.
"This follows the principle of comparative advantages in economics, because the cost of foreign workers is low, and they have more comparative advantages in this regard, so hiring them to do it, which is very helpful to improve the overall socioeconomic efficiency." Lu Xi explained Essence
"Full -time Children": The reorganization of young people or "self -anesthesia"? * Chinese young people struggling between "inner volume" and "lying flat" 
Image source, zhang jingjing
Image adding text,
26 -year -old Zhang Jingjing Nursery Center internship.
From "White -collar" to "Blue -collar" 
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcast
China's demand for "white -collar" people is currently decreasing. According to the estimation of the economist think tank, in 2020, the employment subject is that the professional service positions of college students account for 40%of the total number of young employment opportunities, which is twice as much as ten years ago. However, in recent years, the Chinese government has begun to supervise multiple industries such as real estate, education and training, digital economy, finance, and entertainment, and a considerable part of their positions have gone.
According to the recruitment of Zhilian, China Recruitment Website, in 2021, the recruitment information of real estate, counseling and technology companies accounted for more than half of all graduates' recruitment information. One year later, this number dropped to 26%.
At the same time, the Chinese economy is trending the service industry. The census in 2020 shows that about 75%of young employees have worked in the service industry, but many of the service industries created by China in the past ten years are low Positions, such as takeoffs, restaurant waiters, etc. There are not many jobs for many educated young people who have pursued high wages and high skills.
Zhang Jingjing's real estate industry was one of the most affected industries in recent years. The government repeatedly emphasized that "the house is used for living, not for copying." The regulatory agency set the upper limit of the developer's loan and made a comprehensive reform of the land auction. This affects the financial performance of this industry, and many housing companies are stressed.
In order to work hard, Zhang Jingjing worked for more than 10 hours a day, and was irregular. He only slept for five or six hours in the evening. She tried her postgraduate entrance examination, but did not succeed.
At the end of 2021, she found a sales job in the catering industry, but encountered a sluggish market again. At that time, the epidemic was not over, and the catering industry had not fully recovered. In addition, she felt very depressed.
"It's quite collapse. I ca n’t do anything every day at home. I do n’t have a good sleep, and I have no appetite for meals. The whole mood is very low." Four months later, she resigned. Later, she repeatedly applied for other tasks, but none of them were suitable.
She once envious of the company's cleaning aunt. Although the monthly salary is only four or five thousand, "there is no mental pressure, but it is just a bodies. Professional Training".
Earlier this year, a recruitment advertisement in the housekeeping industry attracted Zhang Jingjing's attention, with a monthly salary of 8,000 to 10,000, and even broke her imagination of the "blue -collar" work. She entered the industry with an attitude of trying.
Most of her colleagues are 35 to 55 years old, and some have not read books from the countryside, and some have retired. This line seems a bit large and small for young people who graduate from university, but Zhang Jingjing does not look at it. She said that not only has professional skills training, it helps to develop in this field for a long time, but also get professional certificates and complete internships to complete an internship. Then get a monthly salary of tens of thousands of yuan. She is currently living in Chengdu, and this salary level has reached a commission when she was previously sold.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
More and more young people in China cannot find a suitable job, and have to choose a "blue -collar" job that requires physical labor, including delivery.
"Pigs can take off at the air outlet" 
There are also young people who took the initiative to choose to leave when the industry was transformed, and "self -descending identity" to do some work that requires physical labor.
After graduating from undergraduate in 2016, Chen Chen (a pseudonym) was engaged in home appliance marketing in Chongqing. The time was 7 years, but half a year ago, she resigned from the previous job and transferred to make old clothes for recycling.
The income is half less than before, and it is cheeky and compete with the bottom workers.
She first went to the residential community to distribute leaflets, and also shouted downstairs in the residents with a large horn- "Recycling the old clothes!". This can't help but remind people of China, which was poor dozens of years ago, and honeycomb coal was heated at home. From time to time, I saw the old people with shirts downstairs, pushing a plate of coal, shouting loudly- "Selling honeycomb coal!" People who recycle mineral water bottle and paper skin sip- "Cover!"
It is difficult to imagine that a young man with a college diploma can do this. Chen Chen also mocked himself, "I started picking up the rash at a young age", but in her heart, she told herself: "I take 40 years less than others, and they are not going to pick up the rotten when they are old."
Image source, chen Chen
Image adding text,
Chen Chen received old clothes in a community.
Chen Chen feels that this industry has a prospect, because China currently has a great demand for recycling old clothes, especially in cities with relatively developed industries, clothes are fast -selling products, and they are eliminated quickly. Treat these old clothes.
"No matter the poor and rich people have demand," she said. "Pigs can take off at the air outlet, and people's choices are often more important than hard work."
In the past few years, she has seen the real estate industry who has been engaged in. The first is the sluggish market in the upstream, and the transaction of investing in land and buying and selling commercial housing has decreased. As a result, the owners who need to buy home appliances have decreased and squeezed her income space. She said that when the market is good, the annual income can reach more than 300,000, and now only half are left.
"If you already know that this industry is in the 'red card' market, then you still want to obtain high returns through hard work," Chen Chen said.
In her opinion, during school, as long as she was willing to work hard, she could get good grades and get the corresponding degree, but this thinking is not suitable for today's job market.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Chen Chen believes that the old clothing recycling industry has a prospect in China.
的 
A few months ago in Chinese society, he enthusiastically discussed whether college students should take off " Kong Yiji's gown "——This refers to a descendant scholar in Lu Xun's novels has reached the point of discussing food, but still persistently wearing a long shirt symbolizing identity. In modern China, the academic degree of gown -like university students, taking off the gown means to do some physical strength to do some physical strength. "Blue -collar" job.
Some media have accused young people with unwillingness to rely on labor to change their situation. But young people have their dissatisfaction. "At first, you used 'knowledge to change destiny' to encourage us to learn. Now we feel that employment is difficult to graduate in college, but I have been accused of being unable to let the scholars' shelves and do not want to change their situation by working." This sentence is widely extensive Quote.
Behind these discussions is the continuous expansion of higher education and a serious depreciation degree. According to the Ministry of Education of China, college graduates in 2023 are expected to reach 11.58 million, while only 1 million in 2000. For more than 20 years, college graduates have increased more than 10 times. This is the most educated generation in Chinese history.
On the other hand, the gap between the employment situation of bachelor degree and professional diploma is shrinking. Data in 2022 show that in the past ten years, the employment rate of graduates of vocational colleges has continued to be more than 90%. In some modern service industries, their income and stability may not be worse than undergraduate students.
Image adding text,
"Kong Yiji's gown" comes from Lu Xun's novel.
Zhang Jingjing in Chongqing had applied for an investment company during his job, but found that the colleagues around him did not even have a bachelor's diploma. The supervisor also had a strong Sichuan spoken language. She thought that she was a child who had come out of the countryside. After graduating from college, she couldn't let go of the pride and left the job a few days later.
"It is a very embarrassing state of high or low," she said. At that time, she was the person who couldn't take off my gown.
Young people are really trying to "take off the gown", but the result is not ideal.
Miss Li in Hangzhou used to do a literary job. Due to the problems of the company's operation, it was unemployed in March this year. After unemployment, she tried to the cinema as a cashier.
Standing for more than seven hours a day, her legs and feet were sore. And the salary is extremely low, "standing for an hour is not enough to buy a cup of milk tea." The most important thing is that she feels that this job has no technical content and is more likely to be eliminated in the future. "There is a feeling of being replaced at any time," she said.
Ms. Li shared her experience on her personal social account, and called on "Kong Yiji's long shirt, don't take off", and received hundreds of responses. Most of the comments are people who have similar experiences with her. They have to be a takeaway runner, go to fast food restaurants as waiters ... But many of them cannot be insisted on because of long working time, low salary, and physical strength.
For them, engaging in the "blue -collar" work is only a brief retreat selected under employment, but it is not a way out. After all, not all "blue -collar" work is an emerging rising industry, and the bottom workers also have their hardships.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
According to the Ministry of Education of China, college graduates in 2023 are expected to reach 11.58 million, while only 1 million in 2000.
Is it still useful? 
Chen Chen, who was looking for a way out of the way to recover the old clothes road, said that many of her colleagues did not have an academic degree, but she thought that her education was not extra.What she and partners think more is how to accumulate more supply channels, make herself into middlemen through these channels, open up the supply chain, then build brands and communities, publicize on social networks Go to the boss.
This process also used her previously accumulated work experience -how to use the three stages of supply, production and sales in the process of production and operation, so that logistics and funds were continuously flowing and value -added.
"If I have n’t been in school, I have n’t done before, I may not think so. I may only stare at it, thinking that I have received 100 kilograms more today," Chen Chen said.
Image source, getty images
However, she does not recommend to do physical work after graduating from college, because "it is usually reduced to the exploration and thinking of things under the circumstances that the body is very tired."
"Even if you have to go to the factory to make screws in order to survive, you can't come to screw screws. It is more to think about the operation of an industry, such as how the production efficiency of a screw on the assembly line, or the screw can produce effects on the screws to generate effects. What is the mechanical principle. "
Chen Chen has learned the operation of the recycling industry in half a year. In addition to continuing to drive every day on the way to collect old clothes, she has begun to ponder how to build her own brand and how to use social media platforms to promote.
For Zhang Jingjing, who switched to housekeeping, she found her own value. Maybe "taking off the gown" at this time was reasonable. She said that "regret not entering the industry earlier." She no longer wants to go to the postgraduate entrance examination, intends to try more positions in this industry, and learn English at the same time, and try to take the high -end service route in the future.
For her, she can work depends on her love and having a skill. Regardless of whether this job is a "white -collar" profession that can make the villagers proud.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65995537 
Putin: In any case, we will destroy the armed coup 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-27T01:49:09
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T01:49:09
Description: Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday that Russia "will destroy this armed coup anyway anyway" refers to the control of Russia's city of Rostov on Saturday and threatened Moscow to march on Saturday.
Images: [" 1-1687829823.png ", " 1-1687830131.jpg ", " 2-1687830347.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 President Putin: What Kiev Nazi wants is a bleeding incident in Russia (Anado Luxu News Agency)
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday that Russia "will destroy this armed coup anyway anyway" refers to the control of the Russian security company Wagner Group on Saturday and threatened to march to Moscow. Russia's diplomacy Minister Sergei Lavrov said earlier that the Russian security department is investigating whether the Western intelligence department may participate in the Wagner rebellion.
Putin added in a short TV speech, "Some people have committed criminal behavior that leads to social division. In this way, Russia will fail. "It refers to an imminent conflict between Wagner's army and the Russian army.
The Russian president said that there was a "extortion and attempt to arrange internal turmoil, but it was destined to fail."
Nevertheless, Putin praised the Wagner soldiers and his leadership capabilities. He said, "They are patriots and liberated the land belonging to the motherland. Some of them tried to use them to perform dark actions." He also added, "Wagner's soldiers and leaders People have made a decision not to bleed. Today, they have the opportunity to sign a contract with the Ministry of Defense or go to Belarus. "
After the speech, the Russian President met with the head of the domestic security department, the Minister of Defense Sergei Shoygu, the Minister of the Interior Fladimir Korolicadov, the Captain of the National Guard Victor Zolotov, and the Director of the Federal Guard of Dimitri Corchnev and the Chairman of the Investigation Committee of the Russian Federal Investigation Bureau Alexander Bastrickin.
明 明 明 
The commander of the Wagner Army Evenni Pleigo said earlier this time that the purpose of his actions on Saturday was to prevent the dissolution of his troops instead of overthrowing the authorities generated by the legitimate election.
The commander of the Wagner Force added in a speech recorded on the Telegram account, "When our army will bleed when it is Bleeding, they decide to retreat."
The commander of the Wagner Force said that Belarus President Lukashenko extended his hand to him to solve all problems within the legal framework.
Last Saturday, Lukashenko's mediation successfully persuaded Perigo -previously controlled the city of Rostov, southwest of Russia -stopping advanced to the Russian capital Moscow, while the Russian army launched military operations on Ukrainian territory.
The Russian President Vladimir Putin described the actions of the Wagner Army as the travelers of the motherland and vowed to investigate the responsibility of those who participated in the control of Russia's largest cities and their military headquarters.
 The person in charge of the Wagner Group clarified the goal of his military operations and his ambitions about his ambitions
Before the incident last Saturday, Perigo, from the core circle of Putin, said that his actions -he called the Parade -it shows that "the country has serious security issues", and he demanded that the except Russian Defense Minister Sergei · Hashay and Russian Armed Forces Chief of Force Chief of Staff Waleri Grassimov accused them of corruption and bombarding Wagner's army camps in Ukraine.
The person in charge of the Wagner Group added: "We drove 780 kilometers without encountering too much resistance, and pushed Moscow to expose the serious security issues of Russia."
Rafrov spoke 
On the other hand, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in an interview with the media in Moscow that French President Emartel Macron "regards the rebellion as an opportunity for Russia's strategic failure."
However, the Russian minister said that the United States Ambassador to Moscow Linchen Trey has sent a signal to Russia, saying that the United States has nothing to do with the rebellion he said, and expressed his hope to maintain the safety of Russia's nuclear weapons.
Russian Foreign Minister emphasized that "attempting to rebellion will not affect our relationship with friendly countries. As for the West, it is the same for us."
Lavrov said, "Many foreign officials (Foreign Minister) stated that they support and believe in Moscow's ability to stop the split countries."
Porigen announced on Saturday morning that his troops had controlled the military facilities of Rostov (southern Russia) and threatened to go to the capital Moscow, although the Russian President Putin issued a warning, the fleet had drove there.
 Questions about the fate of the Wagner armed group
On the evening of the same day, Porigen announced the mediation by the Belarusian President Luchenko and ordered its troops to return to the camp.
The United States and Britain 
U.S. President Joe Biden said Washington had nothing to do with what happened to Russia, and added that he had asked his national security team to "follow up the situation of Russia and ensure that we are consistent with the allies."
Biden added that he reached a consensus with the allies of the country, "Don't blame Putin's excuses to blame NATO in Russia."
The White House warned that predicting that the recent development of the situation may have an impact on Russia or the final conclusion is too early, and it is added that it is too early to understand the fate of the Wagner Group. Whether it is in Russia or in Africa in Africa Essence
On the other hand, the U.S. State Department stated that the situation in Russia is still unstable and pointed out that it has not been evaluated by Porigen's whereabouts.
The American House Speaker Kevin McCarthy also commented on what happened to Russia in a statement of Fox News, "No matter what happens, Russian President Putin is much weak. A black -handed party boss. "
McCarthy added that Pleigo's description of the Ukrainian war was based on a scam. He was afraid of Putin when he approached Moscow without any air resistance.
On the other hand, British Prime Minister Rich Sunak said on Monday that Britain has prepared a series of situations that Russia appeared. He refers to the unstable impact of the tension between the Wagner Group and the Russian president.
British Foreign Minister James Cleverly said that Porigen's coup at an attempt "is an unprecedented challenge to Putin's authority, and he destroys the reason for the war against Ukraine." Provided external security reasons.
 
Although NATO Secretary -General Yanus Stoltenberg said that the recent incident in Russia was internal affairs, this is -according to him -Russian President illegally annexed Crimea and launched a war against Ukraine. Another evidence of the lower heavy strategy.
Stoltenberg added at a joint press conference held with President Lithuania that there was no sign that Russia was preparing to use nuclear weapons, but NATO will remain cautious and vigilant.
Russian Procuratorate 
The "Tas Society" news agency quoted sources of the Russian Procuratorate and said that the commander of the Wagner Poligon was still being prosecuted by the law.
The Russian "Business News" reported that criminal cases about the so -called "rebels of Wagner" have not yet ended. The report said that the investigation department of the Russian Federal Security Agency is continuing to investigate the case.
After the President of Belarus reached an agreement, the lawsuit against Pleigo was revoked.
Earlier, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mashasjing called for supporting President Putin, saying that this was the most serious political crisis in the country for decades.
Michasjing made the above -mentioned remarks at a cabinet meeting held by Moscow. At the meeting, he praised the government's firm and unanimous action under the supervision of the motion mercenary rebellion.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/6/27/%e6%99%ae%e4%ba%ac%e6%97%a0%e8%ae%ba%e5%a6%82%e4%bd%95%e6%88%91%e4%bb%ac%e9%83%bd%e4%bc%9a%e6%b6%88%e7%81%ad%e6%ad%a6%e8%a3%85%e6%94%bf%e5%8f%98 
Sino -Japanese relations: Why does Xi Jinping mention the history of "Ryukyu"? Beijing's political strategy to play "Okinawa" 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T02:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T02:00:00.000Z
Description: Xi Jinping recently examined the historical origin of the "Ryukyu Kingdom" (today's Okinawa) and Fujian, which was independent of the Chinese National Version Recently, and accidentally touched the sensitive nerves of Sino -Japanese relations. Is Beijing playing "Okinawa"? What are the considerations behind?
Images: [" _98682862_bff... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['中日关系', '日本', '习近平', '东海', '中國', '台湾', '美国', '军事']
Type: Article
China -Japan Relations: Why does Xi Jinping refer to the history of "Ryukyu"? Beijing's political strategy to play "Okinawa" 
At 2:00 am on June 27, 2023 Image adding text,
Okina
On June 4 this year, a headline news published a headline of the Chinese official media "People's Daily", which accidentally attracted attention. An article called " continuous historical context, compose contemporary Chinese chapter The article of " " revealed the CCP's leader Xi Jinping inspected the Chinese version of the Chinese version. He simply talked about a manuscript of the Ming Dynasty with the museum personnel, and mentioned that the independent "Ryukyu Kingdom" (now Okinawa) and Fujian of Fujian at that time were mentioned. History. Regarding news accidentally touched China -Japan sensitive nerves. 
Lin Quanzhong, a researcher at the Hong Kong Asia -Pacific Research Center of the University of Hong Kong, told BBC in Chinese that since April this year, because of the news of Dennistamaki, a Zhicheng of Okinawa Prefecture, intends to visit Beijing this summer "" ". The last time was in 2003, and also the "People's Daily" editorial about the "sovereign dispute" of Okinawa, which caused fierce discussions in Chinese and Japanese politics and the people.
Lin Quanzhong, who has been teaching at Ryukyu University, who has been at the University of Ryukyu in Okinawa for many years, explained that this time it should be a text that "consciously choice" involved in Ryukyu history and commented to Xi Jinping. It can be seen that the two information. "First of all, Beijing seems to emphasize that in the moment when China -Japan relations are not harmonious, China can have a special friendly relationship with Ryukyu; then it is that the status of Ryukyu belongs not to Japan, and it should be discussed. "
The first island chain: Bynden re -connected the breakout of Asian allies and China Conversion of the military threats of the Chinese and North Korea military threats to Okinawa U.S. military base is of great significance Asia -Pacific arms race competition and Sino -Japanese relations under the influence of Japanese defense expenditures * Reporter Laihong: Okinawa -the American complex is difficult to cut? However, is Okinawa folks who see the fermentation of the "Ryukyu problem"? Professor Lin Quanzhong pointed out to the BBC that the answer should be denied. He explained that 10 years ago, at the time, the Okinawa Daily News "Ryukyu Times" criticized the "People's Daily" that involved the issue of Okinawa: "The folk believes that the East China Sea is getting more and less calm, and China will take responsibility .... After 10 years, the society and politics of Okinawa have no major changes, and Okinawa society has not suddenly moved closer to China. " Lin Quanzhong also said that according to the survey of his past in Okinawa, more than half of the public opinion that was unwilling to independent.
As for Beijing's position, Lin Quanzhong wrote in the Hong Kong media "Ming Pao" that Beijing should not be in the foreseeable future, and officially proposed that China does not recognize that Okinawa is a new position in Japan's territory. Unless Japan is highly involved in the "Taiwan issue" in the future, Beijing will Will not rashly hit the "Okinawa card".
But in any case, how does China's "Ryukyu Hot" rise? Whether Xi Jinping's "Okinawa Card" has begun to line up in China and Japan and even tense India -Pacific competitions, it has begun to attract regional attention: Xi Jinping wants to use "Ryukyu Hot" through "Ryukyu Hot" What kind of political effects or income to achieve? How will Japan respond?
Affairs of Okinawa and Sino -Japanese Relations 
Image source, BBC
Image adding text,
After the rise of China, Okinawa became an important mark of China's "first island chain" to prevent China.
In fact, the centuries of the complicated history of Okinawa and Japan and the military strategic position of tens of thousands of U.S. military stationed in Okinawa after World War II have made Okinawa, which has a population of more than 1 million, has always been a key island in the United States and Japan.
After the rise of China, Okinawa became an important mark of China's "first island chain" to prevent China. However, the residents of Okinawa have always seen their own opinions on the Island's tragic ground war history and the death of the people in the island in the island's tragic ground war. At the moment when the United States and Japan Alliance counted the military expansion of China, the Macaugomya Tani, who was re -elected in 2022 and was affiliated to the Japanese Wild Party Liberal Party, reported that it would visit Beijing in early July this year.
Born in Yutong Danny (also known as Yucheng Kangyu) in Okinawa in 1959, his father was an American soldier who was stationed in Okinawa. Before Yucheng, Yicheng was a well -known Japanese entertainer. After politics, he has been demanding that the US military stationed in Okinawa was regarded as the "suspicious American school" of Okinawa politics. He was elected in Okinawa in 2018 and publicly opposed the national funeral for former Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and he himself did not attend Abe's funeral.
Lin Quanzhong told BBC Chinese that Yicheng's plan to visit Beijing this time and disclosed the media delegation for the media to disclose the political and trade delegation composed of Tokyo's Tokyo, which means that it emphasizes that Okinawa belongs to Japan, which is undoubted. However, after Yucheng left Beijing, he would go south to visit Fuzhou, Okinawa Sisters City. At that time, he would meet which important Chinese person in China, which is worth observing.
Image source, BBC World Service
Image adding text,
Yucheng Danny will visit Beijing and Fuzhou this year; in August, it will be visited in Taipei.
In addition, Professor Lin Quanzhong added that on April 1 this year, the Okinawa County Government set up a "regional diplomatic room", because Okinawa was uneasy about the safety of the surrounding area, that is, the so -called "Taiwan Strait). The Okinawa people do not want Okinawa to become the battlefield again, because they have experienced the worst battle in the Pacific Battle during World War II, and they feel deeply in the tragedy of the lives of the people on the island. The will of peace. Yucheng also plans to visit Taiwan in August this year.
Analysts said that Xi Jinping's first publicly touching the Ryukyu issue should be paving the way for Yucheng to visit China, and at the same time, he gave a "Okinawa card" to the not too close Sino -Japanese relations to test the response from Japan.
Beijing "Okinawa"?Dr. Satorunagao, a very resident of the Hudson Institute of Washington Conservative Think Tank, told BBC Chinese that Beijing's comments or behaviors for Okinawa have been in line with the expansion of Chinese territorial expansion in recent years. 
He believes that the means of expanding military in Beijing in the East China Sea, South China Sea, South Pacific, and even India -China borders have the same characteristics, namely through non -military means, such as infrastructure project investment (the “Belt and Road”, the Asian Investment Bank, etc.) Industry investment or economic stress (for Australia, or Pacific islands, etc.) expand China's strength and territory. He said to BBC in Chinese, "For example, China can output many passengers to Okinawa, let the Okinawa people make money, or invite Okinawa County to visit."
From the perspective of Japan's position, Naga Hyun said that this is a trap, because China can suddenly ban passengers from going to Okinawa and then pressure to the Okinawa government. "Palau (Palau) has also happened in the past."
Image source, AFP
Image adding text,
The US garrison in Okinawa.
"Ryukyu Hot" how to start? 
The Chinese official media "People's Daily" and Xinhua News Agency published the "documentary" article of Xi Jinping's inspection of the National Edition of China on June 1 on June 4. The article emphasizes how the museum introduces Xi Jinping in detail a manuscript exhibition product of the Ming Dynasty manuscript "Make Ryukyu Record", which describes the old connection between Fujian Province and the independent "Ryukyu Kingdom" that year. The article, also known as the museum, emphasizes that the manuscript has important political significance, that is, it indicates that the Diaoyu Islands (known as the islands of Jian Ge in Japan, and Taiwan known as Diaoyutai) is a Chinese territory.
The "People's Daily" article also recounted Xi Jinping's response, "When I was working in Fuzhou, I knew that there were Ryukyu Hall, Ryukyu Tomb, and Ryukyu in Fuzhou. At that time, there were 36 surnames of Fujian entered Ryukyu." Xi Jinping also emphasized, "It is necessary to strengthen the collection of classics and versions, and to inherit and develop Chinese civilization." The article also mentioned that the construction of the Chinese version of the Chinese version was approved by Xi Jinping himself.
As everyone knows, Xi Jinping has worked in Fujian for 17 years and has served as the secretary of the Fujian Municipal Party Committee. According to Nikkeasia (Nikkeasia), he also met with visitors from Okinawa and claimed to be the descendants of the "Minutes of the Fujian" descendants.
The British "Economist" published a comment article last week that at first glance, Xi Jinping's remarks seemed to be far from the current political distance, and in 1949, the CCP had never put forward sovereignty on the Ryukyu Islands since the establishment of politics.
However, for many years, many Chinese scholars, military officials, or analysts have been interested in Japan's history of domination of these islands, and even questioned. In 2013, the People's Daily had mentioned that because of controversy in the Diaoyu Islands, it was first mentioned that "Okinawa" first mentioned "Okinawa. The theory of sovereignty has triggered the first wave of "Ryukyu fever" in China, but it also led to high -profile protests from Japanese high -level high -level protests.
Image source, BBC/ Jiro Akiba
Image adding text,
Okinawa is eager to maintain regional peace.
In 2022, after the Japanese Prime Minister Kishita, after a conversation of the "50th Anniversary of Okinawa's Return", Hong Kong's "Asian Weekly" subsequently published a "love between Okinawa and China" written by "Mao Feng" written in "Mao Feng" Article In detail how Okinawa integrates the "traditional Chinese culture", including the profound Chinese heritage of Okinawa, it still retains the Lunar New Year, which is no longer celebrated by the Japanese island after celebrating the "Meiji Restoration" every year. Mao Feng's article can be said to be the so -called "Ryukyu heat" epitome of Chinese folks.
For example, the article emphasizes the two generations of the Ming and Qing dynasties. The "Ryukyu Kingdom" uses the Chinese year. It also uses Chinese characters to indicate that the "Ryukyu Kingdom" has a deep relationship with "China". Mao Feng's article also mentioned that, according to his historical evidence, more than a hundred years after the Emperor Kangxi of the Qing Dynasty, Ryukyu sent tribute to the tribute. The Ryukyu Waste Seal County officially forcibly merged with Ryukyu into Japan and set it as Okinawa Prefecture.
50th anniversary of normalization of China -Japan diplomatic relations: "Devil Professional Household" and Sino -Japanese relations in the eyes of Chinese in Japan The 50th anniversary of the normalization of China -Japan diplomatic relations: Xi Jinping and Kishida Wenxiong mutually congratulated China and Japan for three years without meeting Japan once represents the future, but it is trapped in the past 
Image adding text,
The first island chain and the second island chain icon.
However, when the first wave of "Okinawa Hot" in 2013, the Japanese current Affairs News Agency quoted a Chinese diplomatic document on July 28, 1964 that when the United States was required to hand over Okinawa sovereignty, then the then CCP leader Mao Zedong Zedong He once told the deputy minister of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs that "of course, Okinawa, to Japan," and sent a telegram to the Chinese embassy in the Chinese abroad. The current affairs news agency said that the information was found in the original foreign telegram collected by the History of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China.
Okinawa was forcibly governed by the United States after World War II and sent garrison. On May 15, 1972, the United States abandoned the administrative, judicial and legislative power of Ryukyu, and was transferred to Japan. The Okinawa Prefecture was established again. The yen was used as a currency, which was called "Okinawa's return".
Okinawa Strategy 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
From the bird's -eye view of the middle of Okinawa, we can see that the U.S. Air Force Base (left) and the Kaisa Air Force Base (information photo on December 12, 2021) can be seen.Professor June Teufeldreyer, an expert in Sino -Japanese relations research experts at the University of Miami, said in an interview with "Economist" that when Zhongnanhai wants to propose controversial claims, it may be mentioned in a low -key meeting before handing it out, and then handed it over. Cited to government documents or official media, and subsequently publicized by senior officials: "This is a method of creating a faithful facts step by step."
Image source, BBC/ Chika Nakayama
Image adding text,
Ishigaki Island in Okinawa is only 200 kilometers away from Taiwan.
Professor James R. Holmes of the School of War of the United States Naval Conservatory told BBC in Chinese that he agreed that Xi Jinping's historical issue of Ryukyu had a dual intention of politics and military.
Holmes explained that the purpose of military services is to provide choices for policy makers. The former plans that many outsiders may think that they may seem ridiculous. For example, in the era when the U.S. Navy has established a special relationship with Britain, the U.S. Navy still writes a plan to fight the British, even if there is no possibility of the British and American wars at the time.
He pointed out: "But you never know -so we tend to think about unimaginable things in advance. We (the United States) has made the same plan on the issue of the Chinese People's Liberation Army. Very small. In the last time (10 years ago), in the storm caused by the Ryukyu issue, I speculated about the possible process of this battle in "Foreign Policy". "
Holmes analysis that has long promoted the strategy of the United States at the ISland Chain strategy that Xi Jinping's comments about Okinawa this time are "simple ways to cause trouble politically to Japan."
He said that in the era of China and the Japanese Empire, Ryukyu has an overglage situation in its position, "enables both Chinese and Japanese big brothers to get Ryukyu's respect. This also gives Xi Jinping some room for exhibition: Beijing does not need to need You can get some important strategic benefits to Okinawa. "
But in military, Homs believes that Okinawa's independence will certainly be very helpful to Beijing. Because the latter can leave these islands from Japan's sovereignty in some way, rebuild an independent, weak neighbor country, and will also allow the Japanese Self -Defense Force's facilities to evacuate from these islands, eliminating the "expeditionary base of the expedition to the US Marine Corps The concept of combat, (this concept is imagined to set up mobile defensive military forces on the island chain to prevent the PLA navy from breaking the first island chain).
He said: "I want to emphasize that it is unlikely that the PLA attacks the Ryukyu part or all of the operation. But the incident in the past few years reminds us that the authoritarian countries may make outsiders' unlikely sound and arrears of action. . For example, China will build artificial islands in the South China Sea to claim sovereignty over the vast waters. It was previously considered to be nonsense by outsiders. Therefore, at least we should think about this possibility (war in Okinawa) this time. If you have never thought of things, you won't be caught off guard. "
Changwei Xian analyzed the BBC Chinese, because the range of Chinese missiles is expanding, and the military deployment balance around Okinawa is changing. He said that the US military base in Okinawa is not a safe place for the United States. The United States currently has 54 F-15 fighters in Okinawa. After that, the United States will deploy the F-22 fighter, but the base of rotation deployment.
He emphasized: "The United States believes that if these fighters are deployed to permanent bases, it will easily become the target of Chinese missile attacks. In Beijing, the United States is withdrawn from Okinawa. It will expand territorial claims. Therefore, Xi Jinping's remarks about Okinawa are to observe and check the opponent. "
Changwei Xian said that if the PLA on the east coast of Taiwan, that is, the Pacific side is deployed enough military forces, it is necessary to cross the coast of the Okinawa area, but if the missiles deployed in Japan and the United States, the PLA prevents the PLA from crossing Okinawa and other Southwest islands in Japan. China It is difficult to deploy military forces on the East Coast of Taiwan.
Image source, BBC/Jiro Akiba
Image adding text,
Naha's Japanese Air Force.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66007382 
Global Industry "Army Competition" coincides with the time (Free Version) 
Authors: ['安迪•霍尔丹']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T02:09:38+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T21:51:99+08:00
Description: Holdan: The world is starting an industrialized "arms race". Its driving force is likely to have a long -lasting impact on the global macroeconomic economy, and may even help it get rid of long -term stagnation.
Images: [" 000185675_pic... "]
Themes: ['制造业', '关注']
Keywords: ['制造业', '全球化', '世贸组织', '全球经济']
Type: Article
 This author is the special editor of the Financial Times, the British Royal Society(Royal Society of Arts)Chief Executive Officer 
A global "arms race" is being launched in the world, reverse several trend of many developed economies. Promoting the power of this competition -decarbon, globalization, and reorganization of military backup -it is likely to have a long -lasting impact on the global macroeconomic economy, and may even help it get rid of long -term stagnation.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100085 
Promoting export leadership in the property market? (Free version) 
Authors: ['古尧']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T02:30:13+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-24T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-25T10:12:99+08:00
Description: Gu Yao: The property market bubble overdraft consumption, the domestic finished product market has been compressed, increasing the dependence of China's economy on exports; in order to export steadily, the soft exchange rate and order priority will become trending choices.
Images: [" 000185538_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '贸易', '出口', '房地产', '消费']
Type: Article
 What is the relationship between the bubble of the property market and the growth of foreign trade? The author believes that the overdraft consumption of the property market has increased China's economy's dependence on exports.
It is believed that the growth of foreign trade is obviously not a lot of good, especially when the export structure cannot be improved, such as the increase in the proportion of high -tech products. For the high growth of China's foreign trade in history, many people in the market and society believe that the environmental problems and resource consumption in China in the past are also caused by excessive exports, especially a large number of exports Ordinary products that cannot reflect the cost of all factors such as environmental and resources -but when the global value chain is in an unfavorable position, the exporting country can only get a small amount of benefits; if it continues to be at the bottom of the "smile curve" of the international value chain It will accumulate the cost of external society to deteriorating.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100057 
What do you say for the first time after Wagner's rebellion? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T02:41:00Z
Description: After the dramatic rebellion in Russia on the 24th, Putin and the Wagner Group's leader Pleigjin all issued the latest statement on the 26th. What did they say? What is the reaction of China and the United States, NATO, and Ukraine?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '乌克兰', '美国', '拜罗伊特音乐节', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '瓦格纳', '普京', '普里戈津', '乌克兰', '美国']
Id: 66040363
Putin responded to the rebellion of the Wagner Group on the 26th.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Russian President Valdimir Putin said on Monday (June 26) that he let go of the rebellion before he let go of the rebels [Wagner Group].(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/瓦格纳军团叛乱带来的启示/a-66026724); Leader Wagner's leader of the mercenary group Porigoin (Yevgenyprigozhin) said he had never intended to overthrow the government.
Putin's speech on television was the first public comment since Russia's rebellion on the 24th. At the time of the incident, he had stated that the rebellion threatened the survival of Russia, and the black hands behind the scenes would be punished.
On the 26th, Putin said that at the beginning, Moscow took the relevant measures to avoid severe bleeding incidents according to its instructions: "This requires time and other factors, so that those who make mistakes have the opportunity to wake up and realize that the society is strictly rejected their behavior, and they This risk will cause both tragedy and destructive consequences to Russia. "
Putin said he would fulfill his weekend's commitment to allow them to move to Belarus, sign contracts with the Russian Ministry of Defense or return to his family.
Although Putin's speech on the 26th did not mention Purigjin directly, it only said that the "rebellion organizer" took the lead in letting the Wagner troops "shoot to himself." But he said that most members of Wagner were patriots, and thanked General Wagner for his retreat to avoid "the bleeding of the brothers".
Porigin posted a 11 -minute news on Telegram, saying that his men were forced to attack their helicopter while going to Moscow. The content of this audio has not mentioned the rebellion he initiated, nor did he reveal his whereabouts at this moment.
Reuters quoted the three major news agencies in Russia on the 26th that the criminal cases against Pleigjin had not yet completed the case; the previously public agreement stated that Porigin will be exempted.
In addition, the Russian media "IFX" quoted the Kremlin spokesperson that Putin met with the heads of the Russian security department that night, including Sergeishoigu, the Minister of Defense, who was asked to be fired.
Wagner's rebellion after the Russian Defense Director first showed up 
Where is the leader of Wagner? 
The last time Porigo appeared in the public's field of vision, he was holding by the people on the back seat of the car on the evening of the 24th. He was about to withdraw from the city occupied by Wagner at the time. He said that his soldiers had stopped rebellion to avoid bleeding.
In his latest newsletter, Porigin said: "Our trip is for demonstration, not overthrowing a government." He did not mention his whereabouts, nor did he have more content on the agreement that made him terminate the rebellion. As an explanation, it is only called Belarusian President Lukashenko, which is in the middle of the mediation (Alexander Lukashenko) has proposed that Wagner Group can continue to operate according to a certain legal framework.
The White House said that Perigin is not currently in Belarus.
Wagner's leader Porigzin spoke at the Military Command Center in southern Russia on the 24th.
All parties responded 
NATO Secretary -General Jens Stoltenberg told DW on the 26th that the Wagner rebellion showed "the danger of relying on mercenaries" and "the fragility and weakness of the Russian regime."
But he also emphasized that the rebellion was "internal issues in Russia, which has nothing to do with NATO, and the focus of NATO is in Ukraine.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg accepted a DW interview on the 26th that the Wagner rebellion showed the fragility of the Russian regime.
Reuters also reported that U.S. President Joebiden claimed that it was "part of the struggle in the Russian system" and stated that at a conference call with his major allies, the participants agreed that Putin must avoid blaming this matter. In the West and NATO.
"We have clearly stated that we have not participated, and we have nothing to do with this matter."
The White House national security spokesman John Kirby said that the US policy has no intention of renovating the Russian government.
Kurtcampbell, a coordinator of the White House Indian Affairs, said at the forum of the Washington Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center (CSIS) on the 26th that although the rebellion was short, the Chinese government was disturbed. He did not explain this statement.
Except for NATO and the United States, governments of various countries -regardless of their relationships with Russia -they are still exploring the truth behind the incident, and may be developed in the future.
China Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning reiterated its position at a press conference on the 26th, saying that the incident was "Russia's internal affairs", and "Chinese support also believes that Russia can maintain national stability and achieve development and prosperity."
Ukraine President Volodymyrzlensky said that the Ukraine made progress in all areas of the front line on the 26th. "Today is a happy day." After inspecting the front line, he said in a night speech on the train, "I hope our soldiers will have more such days."
Kiev hopes that the chaotic situation caused by the Wagner rebellion can weaken Russia's defense capabilities Because Ukraine has recently counterattacked Russia. Ukraine said on the 26th that his army has recaptured a small village named Rivnopil in the south, which is the ninth village that Wufang has recaptured since its launching counterattack.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈: This is not a coup 
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
管 Rostov on the River 
On June 24, in Rostov on the Russian River in southern Russia, Wagner's mercenaries announced that they took over the major military headquarters in the region. There was a video there in Porigin, saying that his man went to Moscow to start "justice". He also said that "Russia will soon have a new president." Then, the Russian Procuratorate filed a case on the "armed riots", and the National Security Agency began to investigate the whereabouts of Perigzin.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Chechen armed for armed for intervention 
It seems to be on the string. Cadrov, leader of Chechen area(Ramzan Kadyrov)It was said on June 24 that his armed forces had been opened to "intense areas" and prepared to assist the Kremlin Ping Ping Wagner Mercenary Corps rebellion. He wrote on social media: "We will do our best to maintain Russia's unity and defend the country."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Putin: The dagger from behind 
Facing the "rebels north", Russian President Putin delivered a TV speech. "In 1917, Russia suffered such a blow. At that time, it was the first world war. But the victory was taken away. Various political adventurers and Foreign forces killed Russians by themselves, and they tear up the country in order to seek private interests. We will not let this happen again. "He said that armed resistance was" betrayal of the country "," dagger who came over "from behind," every Those who participate in the rebels will be punished. " But Putin also said that Wagner soldiers can be called "heroes", and they have liberated the Donbass region in southern Ukraine.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Moscow City Enter "Very Period" 
On June 24, when the Trojan troops were allegedly 200 kilometers away from the capital, Moscow implemented the martial law of the counter -terrorism action model. Authorities require residents to restrict travel. The Moscow's municipal department also ordered that for the sake of safety, the city continued to maintain martial law on Monday's working day.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
The military team suddenly turned around: I don’t want to "let Russia bleed" 
However, as soon as June 24th, the Belarusian President Luka Shenko suddenly issued a statement saying that with the consent of Russian President Putin, a agreement was reached with Porigin. Activity. Porigabin quickly confirmed the agreement. He said: "We are ordering the troops to turn around and return to the field camp." He also said that he understood the importance of this moment and didn't want to "let Russia bleed." As for whether the criminal investigation of Porigin is canceled, the current statement is different.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
戈 
Born in 1961 in Leningrad, the current St. Petersburg. He has served in Soviet prison for 9 years for robbery and fraud. After being released from prison, he started making hot dog food cars in his hometown and set up a catering company Concord to provide catering for the national banquet. This kind of cooperation brings him the title of "Putin Chef". In 2014, Porigin founded a private mercenary "Wagner Group".
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Wagner Legion 
Wagner's mercenaries involved in Ukraine for the first time in 2014 to help Russia illegally annexes the Crimean Peninsula. After Russia's full invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the fighting power of the Wagner Corps in the fierce battle in eastern Ukraine became an important military asset of the Kremlin. The source of the soldiers comes from Russia's retired officers, police, and prisoners who want to be released in advance. Foreigners can also join in addition to NATO countries and Ukraine. His commander Ulin worshiped German musician Wagner, and the legion was named.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
Porigo does not accept the leadership of the Ministry of National Defense 
The Wagner Legion has been active on the front line of the war, such as playing an extremely important role in Bachmum's surrounding war. However, in recent months, fierce quarrels broke out with the senior executives of the Russian army, and believed that the Ministry of National Defense did not provide enough ammunition supply during the Bach Murut Campaign. Husbands should be responsible for the large number of casualties of the Wagner Mercenary Soldiers. Since June, the Russian Ministry of Defense demanded that the mercenaries have signed an agreement to obey the command before the end of the month. This seems to be tantamount to disarm, and the contradictions have been further intensified.
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
? 
On June 26, the Russian Defense Minister Shao Yigu, who was accused of "incompetence", was named "incompetent" on TV, explaining that he inspected the frontline troops, but no time and place were not explained. However, people are more concerned about the whereabouts of Porigerin. According to the agreement reached with Belarus, he should go there. Reached? His journalist informed, "Porigerjin asked everyone. Once you can send and receive information, he will answer everyone's question."
*#
佣 24 -hour short -lived riot 
How many people will follow him? 
In theory, he can take his mercenaries to Belarus. Not sure how many people will follow him. However, the business of the Wagner Legion is all over the world. Libya, Syria, Africa, and Venezuela in Latin America are the place where the mercenaries are made. Soldiers who were on the battlefield allegedly could get 5,000 US dollars per month. Porigabin claims that there are still 25,000 troops, and the US intelligence unit estimates that this number should double.(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/瓦格納叛亂後首次發言-普京怎麼說？/a-66040363?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
"Kecha Tie", "Wang Kang Mei" to "Nana" those false "crooked fruit kernels" that seek patriotism and wealth 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T03:39:59.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T03:39:59.000Z
Description: Douyin stated in a statement issued last week that because "Paul Koccar" imitated the Russian soldiers' "picking traffic", it had banned its account indefinitely.
Images: [" _130203882_2.jpg ", " _130213930_4.jpg "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['乌克兰局势升温', '俄国', '中國', '假消息']
Type: Article
"Kecha Tie", "Wang Kang Meimei" to "Nana" who planned for patriotic wealth "crooked fruit kernels" 
3:39 am on June 27, 2023![] Image source, Social Media
Over the past few months, a man in China has attracted more than 300,000 fans. He claimed that he was a Russian soldier who fought at the front line of Ukraine, but people found that he was actually located in Henan Province, China. 
Douyin stated in a statement issued last week that he had banned his account indefinitely because he imitated Russian soldiers' "picking traffic".
The man's account is called "Paul Koccar", which is obviously inspired by Pavel Korchagin.
In the film, the man with a beacon and a beard said Mandarin. He called himself a soldier of Chechen Special Forces.
"Hello, friends in China, we are now the nuclear power plant in Harkov, Ukraine." He said in a widely reposted film.
In other films, he also claimed that he had detained the Ukraine President Volodymyrzlensky and caught American soldiers although there were currently no active American soldiers participated in the Ukrainian war.
With the popularity of these films, he was able to sell Russian products including vodka and honey in his online store. After its true identity was revealed, some netizens commented on the comments and ridiculed this approach "creative sales, cooperated with the people's conditions", and mastered the "traffic password".
 Image source, Social Media
Image adding text,
Netizens found that his IP address is in Henan, China, not what he calls the Ukrainian front line.
However, some netizens found doubts, such as his speaking with Chinese dialect, and the IP address of his account showed that he was in Henan Province. According to regulatory requirements, many social media in China will currently display the IP address of the postpoders.
It is also found that the so -called "nuclear power plant" in his video is actually a power plant in Luoyang, Henan.
According to the Chinese media "SIXTH TONE", he was finally found to use Deepfake technology and artificial intelligence tools to change his appearance and make false identities.
Fake news, how does the technology circle "fake"? Chinese face -changing video application is popular and caused security concerns Star -changing face porn videos were blocked by the website * Deep counterfeit: "How can I fall into the love river?" After being exposed, "Paul Kococar" deleted all the films and changed the account name to "Wang Kang Mei".
In China, this is not the first time that the content creators on social media have used foreign identities to make money online.
Last year, a woman who claimed to be from Russia and named "Nana" became popular because of sharing her life in China, attracting nearly 2 million fans, and sold a large number of products.
However, the account was eventually revealed that a Chinese was faked Russians through makeup and use of face -changing special effects tools. After being criticized by user complaints and official media, they were named.
At the end of last year, the China National Internet Information Office issued the "Regulations on the Management of In -depth Synthetic Synthesis of Internet Information Services", requiring that in -depth synthetic service providers to find that the use of deep synthetic services to produce and disseminate false information shall be "timely rumored measures."
This regulation also requires that in -depth synthetic service providers should be marked in the "reasonable position" of the content of information content when providing synthetic vocals and face replacement services.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66027379 
Fiscal Eat Leshan Selling Big Buddha's Management Rights Hospital Selling Accompanied Service 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T04:01:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T13:39:48-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Leshan Scenic Area was exposed to selling Leshan Great Buddha for 30 years of operating rights for the sale of 1.7 billion yuan. The official website of Leshan Grand Buddha Scenic Area(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/gt1-06272023040004.html/@@stream)The Sichuan Leshan Scenic Area Management Committee has recently been exposed to the 30 -year management right of Leshan Great Buddha for 30 years. In addition, public hospitals in Beijing, Shanghai and other places are not allowed to accompany the patients' family members, and the hospital provides charging care services. In addition, many restaurants in Shanghai were fined for selling cold dishes. All of these phenomena are because of finance tight.
Tuition fees for local finance tight universities "rising" sound * The zero local fiscal deterioration of Harbin's income is not yet expending ** Chinese companies above designated size have decreased more than 20 % of local finances In the past few days, a news that "the property market has fallen and the Buddha has been sold" has been spread on the Internet. It is reported that Sichuan "sold Leshan Great Buddhas a few days ago", and was equipped with a bid picture titled "The Overall Transfer of the Rights of Tourist Tour and the Stalls for Thirty years of Management Rights". According to the official account of many media such as cover news, this Tuesday (27th) news, on June 26, the cover journalist learned from the Leishan Great Buddha Scenic Area Management Committee that the transaction did exist, but it was not recent, but a few years ago. Relevant parties said that this is a normal job in accordance with the relevant management regulations.
Leshan Great Buddha Scenic Area sold its operating rights for the base price of 1.7 billion yuan.(Network picture/ancient pavilion provided) Public information shows that the start and end date of this project is from October 26 to November 29, 2021. The 30 -year operation right of the scenic tourist tour and the stalls was shot by Leshan Great Buddha Industrial Co., Ltd. However, the relevant authorities have never disclosed the matter.
Netizens tease that there is no money for the Forbidden City and can sell anything. 
Leshan student Zhou Xuan said in an interview with Radio Free Asia that she just learned the news and saw that the netizens were discussing the selling of Leshan Great Buddhas. It is a Buddha. If it is a Buddha how can the Buddha sell it, you can change money now. Because the financial appropriation is not so much, the governments of all local governments are called poor now. If you have no money, you will declare bankruptcy. "
Leshan Great Buddha is located in Emeishan, Sichuan. In December 1996, it was included in the World Heritage List by UNESCO. Netizens have commented on Leshan to sell the Buddha. A netizen teased that as long as the power is large enough, the Buddha can sell it, the airport can be sold, and the railway can be sold. Some people add that the country can sell. It is also recommended to sell the operating rights of the Forbidden City in Beijing. The Badaling Great Wall, Summer Palace, etc. can also sell a good price. Another netizen responded that a "sad story", Leshan Great Buddha only sold 1.7 billion in 30 years. If it sold Dalian for 30 years, it may be 17 billion yuan, only because the government lacks money.
In addition, finance is reflected in various fields. According to netizens, public hospitals in various places charged patients due to insufficient funds. Recently, Yangguang.com reported that Ms. Wang, Yunnan, reported that in mid -April this year, her family was hospitalized for 11 days in a hospital in Beijing due to neurotum. The hospital was not allowed to accompany her family. Essence It is also necessary to withstand the accommodation cost of low prices, and economic pressure is great.
CCTV reported that a patient was hospitalized for 11 days and was not allowed to accompany the family members.(Network picture/ancient pavilion provided) Shanghai resident Chen Chen told this station that his family was hospitalized with a 24 -hour care fee of three to 400 yuan. He said: "200 yuan is low every day, Shanghai is 300 to 400 yuan, and the three hospitals receive 400 yuan to accompany for one day. He (hospital) said it was paid to the caregiver. Shanghai Hospital, stayed for 20 days, 8,000 yuan, amazing, they are not allowed to accompany their families now.
Some Weibo netizens said that the caregivers hired by the hospital have received medical training and have more professional knowledge than their families. Or more patients, there are also nurses who go directly to the job without receiving training. But charges are one -on -one.
Guangzhou Hospital is allowed to receive 40 yuan per day 
However, hospitals across Guangdong still allow family members to accompany them. Mr. Ma Fang, a resident of Guangzhou, told reporters that he was accompanied by his brother in the hospital. The hospital did not implement the care system, but his family members had to pay the accompanying fee to the hospital: "In Guangzhou, the hospital did not say that the hospital was not allowed to ask the caregiver. Yuan Geng (to the hospital), if you accompany the bed at night, add 20 yuan. "Not only that, fines are also an increase in income. The Shanghai Market Supervision and Administration Department has recently increased fines on operating the catering industry. According to websites such as Jimu News, on June 8th, the punished shop owner told Jimu Journalists that the store was punished because of the sale of Liangpi. The staff of the market regulatory authorities involved responded that the relevant administrative penalties were carried out in accordance with laws and regulations, and food permits should be obtained in accordance with laws and regulations. In addition, many restaurants in Anhui were fined 5,000 yuan for selling "cucumbers". A number of restaurants in Zhuzhou in Hunan were fined for selling cucumbers for selling cucumbers.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shuting Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/gt1-06272023040004.html 
Pricig's fate and the history of Russia's rebellion 
Creator: SERGE SCHMEMANN
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-27T04:04:21+08:00
Description: This mutiny is destined to bring serious political consequences to Russia. What will happen now is what will happen next? Will it weaken or strengthen Putin's power, or make him resentful? Alexander Ermochenko/Reuters
Images: [" 26schmemann-m... "]
Category: 观点与评论
Type: Article
 Regardless of what the purpose of Yofgeni Pleigo wants to achieve through the rebellion, the facts have proved that his plan is short and stupid. His tanks and soldiers traveled to Moscow's high -speed dry line for less than 24 hours. The mercenary head was persuaded and transferred to the direction, and he ran to Belarus to take refuge. The problem is what will happen next, especially for Putin, will the failure of this failure weaken or strengthen his power, or make him resentful?
At first Putin vowed to suppress the rebellion on television, called "betrayal", "betrayal" and "soldiers" Essence Witnesses took pictures of the Russian armed helicopter bombard the rebels and dig ditches on the road ahead to prevent the rebels from moving forward.
But in a short speech to the country, Putin never mentioned Porigon and his mercenaries, the infamous Wagner Group. (It is said that his name is a new Nazi close friend in Pritigo This person has a pseudonym Wagner to commemorate the 19th -century composer Richard Wagner, which is commemorating Hitler. ) Instead of immediately suppressing the Wagner rebels, it triggered a fatal fierce internal fighting, Putin chose to forbearance. He used Essentially controlled by himself Belarusian dictator Lukashenko, for amnesty's commitment Temptation of Porigo gave up his reckless rebellion.
But how the real situation is still puzzled. According to the Times report, American intelligence agencies have noticed last Wednesday signs of the rebellion are brewing Essence
advertise
The statement that has been circulating in social media is that this rebellion was done from beginning to end, and it may even be planned by Putin for some puzzling reasons. Such theory is currently not confirmed, and it may be for a long time in the future. Considering the crazy invasion of Ukraine and the incompetence of the Russian army, everything is possible.
But the motivation of the rebellion is also likely to be simpler: more than a political conspiracy, Pryigo this knows the cruelty violence The villain eventually decided to defeat his eyes -Minister of Defense Sergei Shoygu. For how to cope with the Ukrainian war, Pricigen contradiction with Shaygu For a long time, he accused Shaygou failing Give Vagna Group sufficient support.
Porigen is a typical villain in the post -Soviet era. He spent most of his time in the prison in the 1980s. When the Soviet Union was disintegrated, he made a lot of money in the heavenly gold rush fever. The reason why he can get close to Putin is part of the reason for providing a service for his national banquet (which also gives him the name of "Putin Chef" that he has ironic, although he said I never cook by myself). Many of the evil behaviors of Porigan include the establishment of a close relationship with Putin in 2014 [Wagner Group] during the invasion of Crimea in Russia in 2014 Wagner Group Essence Since then, Wagner's mercenaries have traveled to many countries to perform tasks, including Libya, Syria and the Republic of China, and the Kremlin often supports but does not want to admit it.
Shortly after the invasion of Ukraine in Russia, the Wagner Group was put into the battlefield and suffered heavy casualties. Porigen started recruiting prisoners And promise that if they survive, they can get freedom, but many people have not seen that day. He also began to publicly scold Shaoyu and other Russian commanders, accusing them of not providing sufficient weapons and ammunition for themselves, and -at a broader and dangerous level -criticizing them completely messed up this war.It is difficult to predict the evolution of the next situation. An well -known brutal militia organization opens public changes, and Putin is destined to calm the rebellion in a basically non -bleeding way, which is destined to bring serious political consequences to Russia. Whether it is to Russia or to black, all the results I have ever conceived are not optimistic.
advertise
Putin, a dictator who is obsessed with Ukraine, is likely to seek upgrading to Ukraine and West that his power has not been weakened. He may also want to prove that the chaos and incompetence of the army in Pricigen Renkou are nonsense, but they may still need to deal with several commanders to show that he is the chief commander of all -known. of.
Within a few hours after the attempted rebellion, Russia launched a large number of missiles and drones to Ukraine. With the strong counterattack of Ukraine, Putin may also begin to issue a new dark threat. One week before Porigon took action, the well -known diplomacy and national defense policy expert Sergei Karaginov published an article that Russia needs to "reduce the threshold of the use of nuclear weapons and make nuclear deterrence once again convincing the opinion of".
Putin may also find some ways to blame the rebellion in the United States, but Washington has always carefully avoided suggesting that he has any relationship with Porigo. For example, the US intelligence agency was postponed to the end of the incident that the content they heard inadvertently.
Strangely, the historical ratio used by Putin in his speech was the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917, and the revolution forced Russia to achieve humiliation with Germany. Although Bolsshvik overthrew the Romanov dynasty and was the pioneer of the Soviet Union, Putin lamented the disintegration of the Soviet Union. Such a word describes Russia into a loser.
After this obvious rebellion, Putin would have to reiterate his supreme status and authority in China. Parig has never accused the president of any failure, but has adopted a familiar strategy to accuse his opponent of suffering from this absolutely correct leader, and Putin can also be satisfied with the march without the Russian army to join the Wagner forces. Essence Nevertheless, Pricig's accusations of the war was poor, and it was launched for wrong reasons. This was a blow for Putin, and he needed to find scapegoats.
As we all know, the failure of the failure is also used as a tool by dictators and strong man leaders to deal with enemies who are real or imagined. In the 1950s, "Doctor Conspiracy](https://www.britannica.com/event/Doctors-Plot)"After that, Stalin began to clean up the leadership of the Communist Party. Relatively late, Turkish President Rejuep Tetip Erdogan quickly took action after the attempted coup in 2016. arrest.
advertise
Putin opened the door for the new suppression of Russia, and it may also suppress more vicious suppression to anyone who questioned him in Russian elite or leadership. In his speech, he did not name Perigo Ren, but warned, "Anyone who consciously embark on the road of betrayal, prepare for armed rebellion, take a ransom and terrorist road will inevitably be punished." This may be possible. Including anyone he wants to remove.
This has led to the issue of the fate of Perigon and Wagner. Russia's history is full of uprising and power of power, but the rebels rarely have a good ending. In a key battle in 1709, the Cossacks who followed Ivan Maza Papa betrayed the Emperor Peter, instead supported Sweden, and subsequently seduced and surrendered by the promise of amnesty. In the end, they were killed, and the corpse drifted on the Dieber River.
For Pryigon, the more appropriate story may be the story of Emilian Pigjevolf. The Cossack led a large -scale rebellion against Emperor Yekaterina in the 19770s. Her murderer Peter III. Farmers' anger for corrupt Russian military leadership is not the only reason for the rebellion. This rebellion is well known to the Russians through Alexander Pushkin's novel "Captain's Daughter".
In the story, the Russian binquet issued a famous warning: "But ask God to open up, don't let the world see this meaningless and cruel Russian riots!People who fail to change are either young and ignorant. They do not understand the people of our country, or they are the hearts of the iron stone. They joked with others' heads and improper their necks. " Daughter ", published in 2006 of Shanghai Translation Publishing House. —— Translation Note)
Pigjev was arrested in Moscow and publicly beheaded. His legendary story triggered the term "Pigjevhv", which used to refer to the Russians' tendency to be meaningless and destined to fail.
It is hard to imagine that Putin will allow Pleigo to serve as well -no matter what his promise has made. Even if Putin has never named Pleigo, he must prove his promise to the Russian people: "Those who organize and prepare for military rebellion, those who use weapons to deal with comrades have betrayed Russia and will be used as to be it as and will be it as to be it as a weapon and will be it as a weapon. This is responsible. "Pricigen seems to be going to Belarus. He knows that the leaders there are completely subject to Putin, so this is not a safe haven.
advertise
As for the Wagner Group, Putin may be more tolerant. He needs these mercenaries in Ukraine and elsewhere, and may put it under the closer control of the Kremlin.
He is unlikely to be forgotten regardless of the fate of Pritigo. His outbreak publicly revealed many setbacks of Russia's real and huge casualties in the war, as well as many setbacks suffered by Russia's poor leadership and error messages. As the war enters the second summer, these problems may still exist. When the mercenaries retreated from Rostov on the banks of the River, people shouted, "Wagner!Wagner!" Russia's rebellion history often regards rebels as heroes, no matter what they perform. A few centuries ago, the pseudo -Dimitri praised in the opera "Boris Gendunov" actually became the Russian tsar in the "difficult period" -s, although it is undeniable that the time is not long.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/opinion/20230627/putin-russia-uprising/ 
Russian soldiers have caused China to fall into an uncertain moment (Free Version) 
Author: Jason Douglas / Chun Han Wong / Austin Ramz
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T04:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T04:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-26T03:59:00.000Z
Description: The end of a brief change in Russia made Beijing relieved. This mutiny was once possible to shake the closest partnerships concluded by China and Russia to fight against the United States, and this is exactly the risk of the Chinese government's most worried about the Russian and Ukraine War.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001007086
Type: Article
The end of a brief change in Russia made Beijing relieved. This mutiny may once shake the closest partnerships concluded by China and Russia to fight against the United States, and this is exactly the risk of the Chinese government's most worried about the Russian and Ukraine War.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E5%85%B5%E5%8F%98%E8%AE%A9%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%B7%E5%85%A5%E4%B8%8D%E7%A1%AE%E5%AE%9A%E4%B8%80%E5%88%BB-49366be2 
The TV series "Candidates" set off "I am" storm in Taiwan 
Creator: AMY CHANG CHIEN
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-27T04:10:53+08:00
Description: The sexual harassment plot in the play has resonated with the victims. A large number of allegations have emerged, involving senior officials of Tsai Ing -wen, leaders of Chinese democratic movements, and well -known artists in Taiwan. This has a great impact on Taiwan ’s society and has forced people to rethink the rights of local women. The scene of Netflix "Candidate -Creator". The popular political dramas on this Netflix inspired Taiwan women to talk about sexual harassment publicly.
Images: [" 00taiwan-meto... "]
Category: 亚太
Type: Article
 In the past few weeks, a wave of "#Metoo" (I am also) accusing the wave of the wave quickly affecting the upper levels of Taiwan's political, judicial, and performing arts circles, forcing people to rethink the rights of the local women, and Taiwan, which implements a democratic system for a long time, has been the most progress in Asia for a long time. One of the places, and this is the pride.
The new allegations appear almost every day, causing discussions on talk show programs and social media, leading to newspapers comment and activity group calling to give victims stronger protection Essence
In many ways, the major progress made by women in Taiwan is noticeable. Before the "#Metoo" movement rose before the rise of the United States, Taiwan women helped choose the first female president in the local area and strengthened the punishment rape and sexual assault. law. However, the continuous latest sexual harassment allegations show that as activists and scholars have pointed out, the deep -rooted gender discrimination makes women vulnerable to harm in the workplace. Charges.
Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen and other officials were taken in 2020. The earliest allegations that were "#too" were the senior members of her party, which constituted a risk of the reputation of the DPP in young voters. Makotolin/TAIWAN PRESIDENTIAL Office, VIA Reuters
The large number of allegations was caused by a popular TV series "Candidate -Creator" on the previous political Taiwan politics. There is a second plot of the play: a female party member of a political party told her boss that she had been sexually harassed by a party member of the party. Her boss promised to help her handle harassment and said, "We don't just count it." This statement shows that this allegations that cause political trouble are often ignored.
The words of the fictional boss became a loud slogan, which evoked more than 100 accusors of women who mainly women who mainly women who mainly women who were mainly women on social media. Case. They describe the insulting behavior of the workplace, including the improper touch of male colleagues and male bosses, unpopular teasing, and vulgar comments. Some of these posts have been shared thousands of times.
advertise
This wave of allegations is particularly risky for the Democratic Progressive Party led by President Tsai Ing -wen. Among those who were charged with sexual harassment and tried to make the accusors' sings, some senior officials of the DPP and government forced Tsai Ing -wen to apologize to the DPP twice. These criticisms of the DPP as a record of liberal values advocate, these records include legalizing homosexual marriage in 2019, and given the right to adopt children to adopt children earlier this year. Taiwan will hold the presidential election next year, which will also constitute the reputation of the DPP in young voters.
"The Democratic Progressive Party has always considered himself a political party that supports gender equality," said in an interview with the DPP Legislative member of the DPP, and she was also a professor of gender issues specializing in gender issues in Taiwan University. "Everyone thinks that this drama is filming the DPP, this part will have a great impact."
A scene of "Candidate -Creation". The play's lines about properly handling sexual harassment complaints- "We don't just count it" -the resonance in Taiwan. Netflix
One of the highest -level officials accused of harassment of sexual harassment was Yan Zhifa. He denied the allegations, but resigned from the post of President Tsai Ing -wen. The Supreme Legal Agency in Taiwan stated that it will be the former dean of the Court of Court Li Bo Dao The investigation of the allegations of sexual harassment. DPP senior official Cai Mulin was accused of coercing a female party member to stay silent. She once reported to Cai Mulin that a male colleague tried to enter her hotel room.
Cai Mulin has resigned (he has no relative relationship with Cai Yingwen). Chen Wenxuan, accusing Cai Mulin's woman, said that other women who shared her experience increased her confidence in public voice. "This movement makes me know that there is nothing unjust, and it should be swallowed," she said. "After all, we can't just forget it."
Men who have been accused also include members of the Kuomintang of the opposition, as well as more extensive Taiwanese society, involving academia, press, and recent performing arts.
TV celebrity Huang Zijiao apologized. Previously, he was accused of kissing her without consent and forcing her to take nude photos. The popular singer Yan Yalun also apologized. A ex -boyfriend accused him of sneaking their sex videos. At that time, the ex -boyfriend was only 16 years old and he was not yet an adult. The local prosecutor said this week that he would investigate the charges.
TV celebrity Huang Zijiao apologized after being accused of kissing her without her consent and forcing her to take a naked photo. Visual China Group, Via Getty Images
In some ways, the "#Metoo" campaign shows that the difficult progress made by women for women in the past decades has brought about intergenerational changes in attitudes. Due to the curriculum reform plan promulgated in 2004, the younger generation in Taiwan has begun to learn gender equality since elementary school, and they have now entered into an adult.
But the workplace is difficult to keep up with their pace.
advertise
The younger generation of Taiwan "has a high perception of gender and equality compared to older generations", Yan Weiting, a government assistant professor at Franklin and Marshall College, Pennsylvania, said, "But the workplace culture entered by young people is still being entrusted. The older generation holds control. "
The legislators have promised to quickly revise the law and ask each institution to bear the responsibility of protecting the harassment victims so that the workplace and schools are safer. The amendment regulations require the agency to follow up and set up an independent third -party investigation team when necessary. The feminine organization calls on Taiwan to extend the time limit of sexual harassment complaints, and the current period is one year.Lai Yufen, 27 years old, accused Polish diplomat Li Bo on his Facebook and Twitter accounts this month(Bartosz Ryś)He was sexually assaulted by Li Bo last year. She said that after reporting to the police, investigators asked her why she apologized to him when refusing to be in love with the diplomat, and why did she tell her family. She said that a defense lawyer told her in front of a friend. "I want to take my story back," Ms. Lai said in an interview.
The Polish office in Taipei (that is, the facts of the Polish Embassy in Taiwan) confirmed that it is cooperating with the authorities to investigate. The prosecutor had decided not to sue Li Bo, and he left Taiwan after his term of office last year. Li Bo did not reply to the reporter's comment request sent by an email, but he wrote on his Twitter that Ms. Lai asked him to ask him for money in exchange for giving up allegations. (She said that the problem of money is part of the negotiating legal solution.)
For those who are engaged in civil rights and social work in Taiwan, the most worrying allegations are the leaders who have influential rights in the eyes of the public. Wang Dan, a 29 -year -old activist Li Yuanjun, has publicly accused Chinese senior democratic disgust this month, saying that Wang Dan had pressed him on the bed in 2014 to ask for sexual relationships. Li Yuanjun said that he was suing Wang Dan.
Wang Dan (middle), a relative of the Chinese Lord, was accused by a Taiwanese activist this month that the person said that Wang Dan pressed it on the bed to ask for sexual relationships. Andres Kudacki/AssociatedPress
Wang Dan said in a statement that he hoped that the public would not judge before the court made a lawsuit. "For the public, personal private life will be more stringent." He said. "Through this incident, I will pay more attention to this in the future."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/asia-pacific/20230627/taiwan-harassment-metoo/ 
Russian soldiers become 36 hours 
Creator: LAZARO GAMIO,MARCO HERNANDEZ,JOSH HOLDER,ANATOLY KURMANAEV,CHRISTINE ZHANG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-27T04:32:20+08:00
Description: From Poliger's questioning of Ukraine, accusing the Russian defense minister, to the Wagner forces to advance to Moscow, and then Putin delivered a national speech. After the negotiations between the two sides, Wagner withdrew troops. Russia experienced a thrilling 36 hours. The new york times
Images: [" 2023-06-24-ru... ", " 24ukraine-blo... ", " 24-wagner-car... ", " 24ukraine-blo... ", " 24ukraine-blo... ", " 24-russia-wag... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 Yeveni Porigo, the head of Wagner's private military company, led an armed rebellion in Russia on Saturday and claimed that his troops had entered a area within 200 kilometers from Moscow. The following is the development process of the incident.
On Friday at 11 am 
Pricigen questioned the reason for the war 
 On Saturday, Yofgen Niopogo in a video screenshot was appointed. Concord Group/Telegram, VIA Agency France-Presse
Beginning at 11 am in Moscow time on Friday, Pricigen posted a series of posts on social media, questioning the Kremlin's motivation to launch the Ukrainian war, and accused Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoyu in order to conduct a fatal air strike on the Wagner soldiers. Essence "It is necessary to stop the sin of the country's military leadership," he said in a recording he released around 9 pm.
Friday at midnight just 
Russia ordered the arrest of Porigor **
Russian security agencies have issued a series of statements on official media to condemn Porigen. The Federal Security Agency of Russia's main intelligence agency investigated Perigo in armed rebellion.
Video circulated on social media showed that the armored vehicles of the army and the National Guard were deployed in Rostov on the banks of Moscow and Don River, and Perigen said that his soldiers were moving there.
Saturday 7: 30 
Wagner Army Occupy Rosetov on the River on River 
Despite the defense measures, the Wagner army still occupied Rostov on the banks of the River, and almost no resistance was encountered. At around 7:30 in the morning, Perigo posted a video from the regional military headquarters, claiming to control the main cities' facilities. Video on social media show that the armed Wagner soldiers are incorporated into the hustle and bustle of the metropolis: they control the traffic at the main crossroads, walk around the city with takeaway coffee, and order fast food.
 Reuters
Saturday morning 
Wagner Army Promote from Moscow 
As Wagner consolidated the control of Rostov on the banks of the River, his army pushed north to Moscow. A series of armored vehicles and troops seemed to start from Rostov. Another column crossed from the occupied Ukraine and entered the Volneri region in northern Russia. They rarely encountered resistance and seemed to shot down some Russian military aircraft along the way.
Saturday at 10 am 
Putin made a national speech 
 On Saturday, Putin delivered a TV speech in Moscow. The picture shows the official Russian media. Sputnik, via reuters
Putin delivered a TV speech across the country to demand unity across the country to deal with the war he said against Ukraine and its allies. He said: "The division of our unity is to stab the knives behind our country and the people."
Saturday afternoon **
Wagner team arrives at Yeliez 
Wagner's armored columns passed through the Volnes. They did not enter the major cities, but stopped by the roadside of Yedrez, a small town of Leditz, about 400 kilometers south of Moscow. The column includes tanks, armored vehicles, at least one self -drive rocket launcher and a large number of troops. At this moment, it has almost no resistance.
Saturday night 8: 30 
Unexpected agreement 
The official Belarusian media unexpectedly announced that the country's President Alexander Lukashenko has negotiated with Pryigo, and the latter agrees to stop his troops forward. In the audio message, Porigen said that his troops had entered 200 kilometers away from Moscow and were returning to their training camp by "U -turn".
Saturday night at 11:00 
Pricig left Rosteov on the banks of the River **
 On Saturday, Russia, Wagner's private mercenary group evacuated from the southern military district headquarters and returned to the base camp. Reuters
The Wagner troops left Rostov on the bank of the River, and some residents came out to show support. Porigon was sitting out of the city in a rigorous black SUV.
 The person in charge of Wagner, Eveni Pleigo, left his headquarters. Alexander Ermochenko/Reuters
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230626/prigozhin-putin-russia/ 
Taiwan Hanguang Experts will perform for the first time at Taoyuan Airport for a ban on navigation on July 26 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T04:52:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:26:51-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Taiwan Taoyuan Airport will enter the scope of military exercise for the first time. Reuters information.
According to the Taiwan United Daily report, during the period of the Hong Kong -Guangguang exercise in Taiwan, the anti -aircraft deduction will be performed at Taoyuan International Airport. Formally exercise. The detailed implementation time of the exercise is notified today to notify major airlines, and will be issued by international flights.
The Taiwan Central News Agency also reported that the military people confirmed that the first time at the Civil Taoyuan Airport will conduct anti -aircraft downshifts. The exercise date is July 26.
According to the report of the United Daily, combined with the U.S. Watching Regiment, the National Army Hanguang Real Bing will still implement the defense and defense subjects around Taipei Port and Tamsui River estuary this year. In the formal exercise, Luhang and Special Warfare Forces will serve as an attacker to implement simulation confrontation with the Lu Navy and Air Force forces under the command of the combat zone.
Lianhe Daily reported that the Hanguang exercise will verify the first time this year Taoyuan Airport's water and air machine reduction and defense subjects will be verified. The combat forces served as an attacker and seized Taoyuan Airport nearby, and then the defense forces held by the Third combat zone forces to fight back and recapture the airport.
Editor Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/st1-06272023045212.html 
Media: US Treasury Secretary is expected to visit early July 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T04:56:00Z
Description: For a long time, the trip to China to visit China may appear in July. According to Bloomberg, she will meet with Chinese Vice Premier He Lifeng; before, Yellen met the then Chinese Deputy Prime Minister Liu He in January this year. What are the recent statements of Yellen's economic relations with the United States and China?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '美国']
Keywords: ['美国', '耶伦', '财政', '何立峰', '刘鹤', '美中关系', '中美竞争']
Id: 66040462
The picture shows US Treasury Secretary Yellen spoke at a press conference in the US Treasury in April.
(Voice of Germany) Bloomberg Society on Monday (June 26) quoted anonymous insiders, saying that US Finance Minister Janetyellen plans to visit Beijing in early July to meet with the new Vice Premier He Lifeng and start a high -level economy. talks. In this regard, a U.S. official said that the matter has not yet been determined.
Earlier this year, US -China relations due to the Spy Balloon "incident And deteriorating, the plan of US Secretary of State Antony Blinken plans to postpone it until mid -June before it was expected; Reuters pointed out at the time that Brinken and Qin Gang The 7.5 hours of "frank" and "constructive" talks were held, but there seemed to be no major progress in issues such as Taiwan, trade, and human rights. In April, Yellen once said that her interview trip will be extended to "appropriate time"; if this trip is true, Yellen will become the second cabinet official to visit China by the Biden government.
Bloomberg pointed out that after Liu He stepped down in March, Xi Jinping's relative He Lifeng became the Vice Prime Minister of China. Traditionally, this position was a counterpart official of the US Treasury Secretary. Earlier, Yellen met with Liu He in Zurich, Switzerland in January this year; according to the Associated Press at the time, both parties emphasized "control and control" And the United States and the United States strengthen the cooperation in climate change.
In January of this year, US Treasury Secretary Yellen met with then Chinese Vice Premier Liu He in Zurich, Switzerland.
Yellen made a speech at Johns Hopkins University in April. When talking about US -China relations, she said: "China's economic growth is not necessarily incompatible with the role of the United States in economics." Lun believes that the two countries should "manage the economic relations between the two parties responsibly"; in addition to hoping to maintain national security and human rights, the United States also hopes to maintain a "healthy competitive relationship" with China.
Recently US President Biden indirect Known Xi Jinping is a "dictator" Yellen responded to this emphasis on important communication , And said that the United States and China must be "cooperated in the field of cooperation."
Bloomberg reported on the 26th that the U.S. government intends to sacrifice an administrative order that is controlled and may even cut off the US specific investment projects in China, covering semiconductors, artificial intelligence, quantum operations and other fields. According to reports, the Biden government has been studying the matter for 2 years, and it is about to be completed in the near future. I hope to be ready in late July.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen said in May that the United States is worried that China will take "economic stress" to other countries, and many members of the Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) have the same concerns and are thinking about how to deal with this action. The picture shows Yellen and US President Biden at the White House last March.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/媒體：美財長預計7月初訪中/a-66040462?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Lucid injects vitality for Aston Martin's electric car plan 
Author: Stephen Wilmot
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T05:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T05:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T04:21:00.000Z
Description: Electric vehicle startup LUCID and British sports car manufacturer Aston Martin have reached a technical sharing agreement. In the future, the automotive industry may have more such cooperation.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001009813
Type: Article
An example of more cooperation in the automotive industry is that the next 007 movie may have a chase of electric vehicles driven by California technology.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/lucid%E4%B8%BA%E9%98%BF%E6%96%AF%E9%A1%BF-%E9%A9%AC%E4%B8%81%E7%9A%84%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E8%BD%A6%E8%AE%A1%E5%88%92%E6%B3%A8%E5%85%A5%E6%B4%BB%E5%8A%9B-74bc424c 
The latest audit report shows that 70 regions have increased revenue of more than 80 billion yuan 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T05:54:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T13:38:21-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to the China Audit Office, it shows that the fiscal revenue of 70 regions last year was more than 80 billion yuan. Reuters information. Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaODAO/Zhengzhi/GT2-06272023052319.html/@stream The latest 2022 audit report released by the China Audit Office shows that last year, 70 regions increased fiscal revenue of more than 80 billion yuan, and more than 300 clues to major violations of laws and disciplines were transferred.
Foundation of Foundation and Salvation Economic Local Treasury Quota or Creation The strongest five provinces and cities lost the central government to lose the financial pillar [ * Chinese fiscal report avoids the heavy local fiscal issues.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/wy-08102020112526.html)The "Audit Report on the implementation of the central budget implementation and other fiscal revenue and expenditure" published this Monday disclosed the management of fiscal revenue and expenditure in 54 regions last year. High, tax reduction policy has not been fully implemented, and the disadvantages of artificial regulation of income scale and poor local financial management.
Financial commentator Cai Shenkun said in an interview with this station on Tuesday: "The Chief Audit Director has been controlled by the Central Government for a long time. The agency means to implement the leaders, and the audit department of various places. It is to conduct anti -corruption for some departments or institutions that they are not satisfied with. They will be carried out through the Audit Department. The Audit Office plays the economic audit role of the Central Discipline Inspection Commission to a certain extent. "
The Audit Office announced that the Discipline Inspection Commission will follow up 
The audit of the "Report" found that 70 regions used state -owned assets and fictional land transactions such as "self -selling and self -buying", and fiscal revenue was more than 86 billion yuan; 41 regions levied state -owned capital income from losing enterprises, levied first taxes and fees Or directly punish the fines, and organize the fiscal revenue of more than 7.7 billion yuan in violation of regulations; 55 regions of illegal or disguised taxes or land transfer funds, a total of more than 22.5 billion yuan. Secondly, the new hidden debt was added in violation of regulations. The audit found that 49 regions were repurchased by promised to repurchase and the construction of state -owned enterprises.
The China Audit Office issued a work report that 70 regions have fallen by more than 86 billion yuan in fiscal revenue by "self -selling and buying" state -owned assets and fictional land transactions. (Information Picture of the Associated Press) Cai Shenkun said that next, the illegal phenomenon mentioned by the audit report will be traced by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection: "The Audit Office opened the way in front, and the Central Discipline Inspection Commission took people behind. The problem does not appear now, including the misappropriation of funds, and the use of funds for other aspects has long -term existence, and it has not been resolved, because the black hole in the central government, especially the transfer payment, is very deep. "
The Audit Department also mentioned that there are problems with special bond management. Among them, 20 areas have fallen virtual project revenue and underestimated costs, etc., and "packaged" the project into a balance between the income and financing scale. The region invests about 5 billion yuan of funds to the prohibition of the landscape engineering and commercial projects; the 47 regions have misappropriated more than 15.7 billion yuan in violation of regulations; the expenditure progress of 33 special bond projects in 5 regions has fallen.
Fiscal resources are exhausted Local government false reports 
Xu Quan, a doctor of philosophy of the City University of Hong Kong, said in an interview with this station that in the 1990s, after China implemented a tax -sharing system, the source of the government's financial sources began to rely on land auction revenue. Revenue has decreased year by year, and it is almost exhausted today. He said: "The biggest problem we see in the audit report is to increase local fiscal revenue. The most important reason why China's financial power is inconsistent with the right to affairs. The better the indicator, the higher the tax return. This will cause the local government to falsely report. "
Xu Quan believes that if China's economic growth is insufficient, and if real estate is stunned, the local government will face a fiscal crisis.
The audit report shows that since May 2022, the audit found and transferred more than 300 clues to major disciplinary violations, involving more than 1,800 people.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shuting Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/gt2-06272023052319.html 
Modi's trip to the United States to reshape the Indian defense and technology industry (Free Version) 
Author: Jacky Wong
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T06:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T06:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T04:12:00.000Z
Description: Modi's visit to the United States has brought many major transactions to India. The most noticeable is the engine of joint production of jet fighters, as well as the investment of the US semiconductor company in India, and these are all areas required to develop with China.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001009693
Type: Article
The identity of "non -China" helped India attract companies. The generous subsidy is another seductive factor, as is the recognition given by the United States last week.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%8E%AB%E8%BF%AA%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E4%B9%8B%E8%A1%8C%E9%87%8D%E5%A1%91%E5%8D%B0%E5%BA%A6%E5%9B%BD%E9%98%B2%E5%92%8C%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80%E8%A1%8C%E4%B8%9A-7d5462ba 
Western central banks seem to part ways, but don't underestimate its "free version" willingness 
Author: Jon Sindreu
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T06:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T06:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T03:53:00.000Z
Description: The market is increasingly believed that the Western central bank's monetary policy will be separated, but this differentiation may be short -lived.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001008997
Type: Article
Given that the situation of the Western economy is different, the central banks may try to take the policy path in different directions. But then again, maybe not.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%A5%BF%E6%96%B9%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E4%BC%BC%E5%B0%86%E5%88%86%E9%81%93%E6%89%AC%E9%95%B3-%E4%BD%86%E4%B8%8D%E8%A6%81%E4%BD%8E%E4%BC%B0%E5%85%B6-%E6%8A%B1%E5%9B%A2-%E6%84%8F%E6%84%BF-b99386fc 
When Putin criticized the rebel organizer, Russia tried to re -control the situation (Free Version) 
Author: Georgi Kantchev / Alan Cullison
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T06:45:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T06:45:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-26T22:06:00.000Z
Description: Earlier, a military rebellion leader Puligo, who ended in failure, defended the short rebellion on Monday, claiming that he was not trying to overthrow Putin.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001009434
Type: Article
Poliger, a leader who ended in a military rebellion who failed(Evgeny Prigozhin)On Monday, he defended this short rebellion, claiming that he was not trying to overthrow Russian President Putin(Vladimir Putin)Essence Putin's authority has encountered the most serious challenge in 23 years in power Later, the Kremlin was taking measures to re -control the country's situation.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%99%AE%E4%BA%AC%E6%8A%A8%E5%87%BB%E5%8F%9B%E4%B9%B1%E7%BB%84%E7%BB%87%E8%80%85%E4%B9%8B%E9%99%85-%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E5%8A%AA%E5%8A%9B%E9%87%8D%E6%96%B0%E6%8E%A7%E5%88%B6%E5%B1%80%E5%8A%BF-b37e8a91 
Li Qiang's concept of Western "risk reduction" is optimistic about the Chinese economy 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T06:51:00Z
Description: Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang said at the "New Leaders' Annual Meeting" held at the World Economic Forum on the 27th that the "dependence and risk reduction" of some countries is to politize the pseudo -propositions of economic and trade issues. He also said that China's economic growth in the second quarter of this year will accelerate, and it is expected to achieve a 5%annual growth goal.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['希腊债务危机', '国内生产总值', '欧债危机', '专题报道：习近平访美', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '诺贝尔奖', '欧洲难民危机', '欧洲', '专题报道：中国经济何处去？']
Keywords: ['去风险', '中美关系', '欧盟', '芯片', 'WTO', '中国经济', '脱钩', 'GDP']
Id: 66040846
When Li Qiang visited Germany in June, he met with German Prime Minister Xiaolz in Berlin.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang attended the "New Leaders' Annual Meeting" held by the World Economic Forum (WeF) on Tuesday (June 27). During the opening ceremony " Dependence, Risk Reduction "The statement is pseudo -propositions, and oppose people to politicize economic trade issues.
Li Qiang said that the development of globalization has allowed countries to depend on each other and develop together, which is a good thing. If there is any risk of any industrial chain, it should not be calculated by a specific government or organization. related business. He therefore opposed people as the way of people, politicized economic and trade issues, and called on countries to maintain the stability and smoothness of global industries and supply chains, so that the results of economic development should benefit different countries and people in different countries and people.
In addition, Li Qiang also said that the Chinese economy's recovery trend this year is obvious. The economic growth rate of the second quarter is expected to be higher than the previous quarter.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中國經濟增長目標5偏保守-專家一定可達到/a-64888850)"". At that time, Li Qiang said that it was not easy to achieve this goal.
However, Reuters reports that after the industrial output and retail sales data in May did not meet the expectations, multiple banks have repaired the expectations of China's GDP growth this year It also said that Beijing must take further measures to support the country's economic recovery that is not as expected as expected after the country.
"New Leaders' Annual Meeting", also known as the "Summerdavos", is a meeting held by WEF each year in major cities in China. Participants are mostly emerging markets such as "BRICS countries" or among developed countries. Enterprise organizations, politicians, and experts and scholars. There are about 1,500 participants this year, including [New Zealand Prime Minister Chris Hipkins, which has launched a visit to China on the 25th]](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/不跟隨拜登批中-新西蘭總理將率團訪華/a-66009563)Essence
WTO Director -General: "Development" will damage the global economy 
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China issued a statement saying that before the opening of the opening lecture, Li Qiang had met with the World Trade Organization (WTO) director of the World Trade Organization (WTO) on the afternoon of the 26th. And published similar conversations.
Li Qiang told Ivera that free trade and division of labor are an inevitable choice to deal with global challenges. Some countries have proposed "dependence" and "risks", which not only violates the principles of free trade advocated by the WTO. The multilateral trading system also violates the security and stability of economic laws and disrupts the global industrial chain supply chain, and eventually hinders the process of recovery of the world economy.
According to this statement, Ivera responded that the world economy should not be fragmented, and "decoupling" will damage global economic development, and unilateralism and protectionism also violate the trend of globalization. She said that WTO appreciates China's important contributions since the organization has joined the organization, and also looks forward to building a strong partnership with China.
WTO Director -General Ivera (Data Photo).
How can the West talk about "reducing risks"? 
The concept of "dependence and risk reduction" of some countries in Li Qiangkou has recently mentioned repeatedly in Europe and the United States, but it may not be the same as China's understanding of this.
Earlier this year, Jakesullivan, a US national security consultant, said that the important prerequisite for economic globalization is the principle of compliance with responsibility and opening up. The key industries, and the continuous expansion of military ambitions in the Asia -Pacific region, have not discouraged Russia's invasion, have challenged a considerable challenge to international order. Therefore, the United States and its allies began to implement export restrictions on Chinese chip technology , And Banning of Huawei, Huawei, manufacturer of communication equipment , To reduce dependence and risks to China's supply chain.
"Risk -de -risk means an effective supply chain with elasticity and ensure that we will not be coerced by any country." He emphasized that these measures are only aimed at "a few plans to challenge our country in military" without a needle. Other emerging economies are not "technical blockade" criticized by Beijing.
He said: "We just need to ensure that the technology of the United States and the allies will not be used to deal with ourselves, not to cut off trade." He also pointed out that bilateral trade between China and the United States hit a new record last year.
Chairman of the European Executive Committee Feng Delin (Ursulavon Derleyen) also stated on WeF that although the EU needs to "cooperate with China and trade", it still needs to amend the direction of commercial transactions with China to seek "reducing risks, not decoupling" with the world's second largest economy in this world, Essence
Interview: By separation of risk? The key depends on how to define 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/李強批西方「降風險」概念-對中國經濟樂觀/a-66040846?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Inspector: Yellen intends to visit Beijing in early July 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T06:53
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T06:53
Description: People familiar with the matter said that the US Treasury Minister Yellen plans to visit Beijing in early July and hold the first senior economic talks with senior officials of the Chinese Ministry of Finance. Bloomberg reported that Yellen had expressed his hope to visit China within this year and meet with He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Deputy Prime Minister of the State Council. This year 3 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美中关系', '耶伦', '北京']
People familiar with the matter said that the US Treasury Minister Yellen plans to visit Beijing in early July and hold the first senior economic talks with senior officials of the Chinese Ministry of Finance.
Bloomberg reported that Yellen had expressed his hope to visit China within this year and meet with He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Deputy Prime Minister of the State Council. He Lifeng, who has been in charge of China's economy and financial systems in March this year, is a friend of Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Because Yellen's details of China have not been officially announced, the insiders are not required.
At the same time, those familiar with the internal reviewers of the White House revealed that the Bayeng government is about to formulate an administrative order. This administrative order aims to supervise and cut off some investment in the United States in China. The goal of the administrative department is to complete in late July.
If Yellen is determined, she will be the second member of the American Cabinet who visited China after the deterioration of US -China relations. U.S. Secretary of State Brills just ended his trip to Beijing on the 19th. During his two -day visit, he had a meeting with Xi Jinping, a member of the Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Qin Gang, and a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and the director of the Central Foreign Affairs Office. He also met with Xi Jinping.
A U.S. official said on Monday (June 26) that whether Yellen had visited China has not been confirmed, and the presidential administrative order has not been finalized and the timetable has not been released.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408168 
Sequoia Capital has made a lot of money in China and the United States, and now I have to "free versions" 
Author: Kate O'Keeffe / Berber Jin / Aruna Viswanatha
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T07:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T07:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T05:39:00.000Z
Description: The review from Washington has exacerbated the tension in the internal tension of Sequoia Capital, and promoted the company to make a "separate" decision.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001011856
Type: Article
Sequoia Capital(Sequoia Capital)It is the most stable venture capital company in history, which has successfully bet on both in the United States and China. However, this Silicon Valley company came to find that he had to choose one between China and the United States.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BA%A2%E6%9D%89%E8%B5%84%E6%9C%AC%E5%9C%A8%E4%B8%AD%E7%BE%8E%E9%83%BD%E8%B5%9A%E5%BE%97%E7%9B%86%E6%BB%A1%E9%92%B5%E6%BB%A1-%E7%8E%B0%E5%9C%A8%E4%B8%8D%E5%BE%97%E4%B8%8D-%E4%BA%8C%E9%80%89%E4%B8%80-a67fdcf9 
Electric truck startup LordStown Motors applied for bankruptcy protection and sued Five Version 
Author: Sean McLain
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T07:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T07:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T06:10:00.000Z
Description: LordStown said that after the breakdown with Foxconn's acquisition of its 170 million US dollars shares, the company filed an application for bankruptcy protection. At the same time, the company sued Fuji Candida fraud and breach of contract.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Electric truck startup LordStown Motors(RIDE)On Tuesday, it said that it has applied for bankruptcy protection. In the Spac boom, the company has been sought after by investors and has(Donald Trump)Known as a closed universal car in Ohio(General Motors)Savior of the factory.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E5%8D%A1%E8%BD%A6%E5%88%9D%E5%88%9B%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8lordstown-motors%E7%94%B3%E8%AF%B7%E7%A0%B4%E4%BA%A7%E4%BF%9D%E6%8A%A4-%E5%B9%B6%E8%B5%B7%E8%AF%89%E5%AF%8C%E5%A3%AB%E5%BA%B7-a64a398 
Israel approves the plan to build thousands 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-27T07:23:33
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T07:23:33
Description: The Israeli Right -wing government has approved plans to build thousands of new houses on the west bank of the occupied Jordan River on the occupied Jordan River. Palestinian officials condemned this move as part of the "public war against the Palestinian people".
Images: [" 1-1687849541.jpg "]
Topics: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '新闻']
Keywords: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '新闻', '以色列', '巴勒斯坦']
Type: Article
 Israel approves the plan to build thousands
The Israeli Right -wing government has approved plans to build thousands of new houses on the west bank of the occupied Jordan River on the occupied Jordan River. Palestinian officials condemned this move as part of the "public war against the Palestinian people".
In the context of the increasing increase in violence in the occupied territory and the increasing criticism of the United States' policy on Israel's settlement, it has made the above decisions.
The National Defense Planning Committee, which is responsible for supervising the settlement of the settlement, approved more than 5,000 new settlements houses on Monday. These units are at different stages of planning. At present, it is unclear when the construction starts, and the Ministry of Defense Planning Committee has not commented immediately.
The international community and the Palestinian people believe that the construction of settlements is illegal, and it is a obstacle to peace. More than 700,000 Israelis live on the west bank of the occupied Jordan River and East Jerusalem -the territory occupied by Israel in 1967. The Palestinian seeks to establish the future s country.
Vessel Abu You Sufu, a Palestinian official on the west bank of the Jordan River, said, "The Government of the Neitanahu is engaged in aggression and public war on the Palestinian people," he added that "we stated that all the occupied Palestinian territories All settlers colonialism is illegal. "
The Israeli government, which came to power at the end of December, is led by religion and extreme nationalist politicians with close relationships with the settlement. The Minister of Finance Bezalelsmotrich is a instigating settleer leader. The policy power of the cabinet -level settlement site is awarded, and the population of the occupant of the occupied Jordan River has doubled.
Peninsula TV reporter, Emran Khan, reported on the settlement of the Jordan River on the west bank of the Jordan River, and reported that the news was "a huge victory of Belizale Smomric."
A reporter of the Peninsula TV stations added that "Generally, there are six stages of approval of the expansion of the settlement, including security considerations, the true builders of the settlement, and political considerations. They can express their concerns, but they often slow down. "
"But last week, the cabinet led by Prime Minister Benjamin Neitana completely simplified this process and transferred almost complete control to Smortic. Today, he has exercised this control power ","
Since the re -election in November, the Neitana government has regarded expansion settlements as the primary task.
Peninsula TV reporter Emran Khan said that illegal GIV’AT ZE’EV settlement has been approved to build 900 new buildings.
"This will make this more permanent than now," said the Peninsula TV reporter Emran Khan, "said," he also added. "If the two countries have reached a consensus, the place where I am standing should be Palestine. It is frustrated that these settlements are still being built. Since the 1980s, these activities have been carried out on the west bank of the Jordan River, which have been occupied. "
Violent incident continues to increase 
Senior Israeli government officials have been promoting the increase in construction and other measures to consolidate Israel's control over territory, aiming to cope with the wave of violence for more than a year with the Palestinians.
Last week, after the Israeli army attacked Jining Refugee Camp, at least seven Palestinians were killed and dozens of people were injured.
After the attack, the two Palestinian gunmen fired near the illegal Jewish settlement, causing four Israelis to be killed.
After a series of fatal attacks in Palestine, Israel expanded military activities on the west bank of the Jordan River in early 2022.
According to the Palestinian Ministry of Health, at least 174 Palestinians have been killed by the Israeli army and settlers since the beginning of this year, and about 24 people have been killed in Palestinian attacks.
In the Middle East War in 1967, Israel occupied the west bank of the Jordan, East Jerusalem, and the Gaza Strip. The Palestinians claimed that they had all these three territories to establish future independent countries.
The United Nations Palestinian issue special reporter Franciska Albunse told Peninsula TV that there is a "execution problem" in international law.
Albunse said, "There are double standards, because it is obvious that there are cognitive imbalances on the Palestinian issue, especially between Western countries, and remain silent in implementing compulsory measures and all prohibitions stipulated in international law."
The US President Joe Biden's government has increasingly criticized Israel's settlement policy.
US State Department spokesman Matthew Miller said the latest decision of the Israeli administration "we are deeply disturbed."
Miller said, "We are just concerned about the changes in the changes in the Israeli settlement management system. These changes have accelerated the planning and approval of the settlement."
"We have directly expressed their concerns to the Israeli government about settlement and increasing the settlement unit. I suspect that they can find the appropriate impact."
Earlier this month, U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Brillon said that these settlements were "the obstacles we seeks hope for hope."
Despite criticism, the United States has rarely taken any action on Israel. The White House has not invited Neitanahu to visit in accordance with the practice of Israel's elections, which shows its dissatisfaction.
This week, the United States stated that it would not transfer funds to Israeli institutions for the scientific and technological research projects on the west bank of the Jordan River, which was occupied. policy.
Before voting on Monday, Israel's Cabinet Minister and Right -wing Jewish Power Party member Isaac Vesharav faded the differences with the United States.
Isaac Vesharav told the Army Broadcasting Station, "I think I will continue to exist with the United States alliance," he added, "There are differences, we know how to deal with them in the past."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/middle-east/question-of-palestine/2023/6/27/%e4%bb%a5%e8%89%b2%e5%88%97%e6%89%b9%e5%87%86%e5%bb%ba%e9%80%a0%e6%95%b0%e5%8d%83%e5%ba%a7%e9%9d%9e%e6%b3%95%e5%ae%9a%e5%b1%85%e7%82%b9%e6%88%bf%e5%b1%8b%e7%9a%84%e8%ae%a1%e5%88%92 
Putin: I hope that Russia will fall into the "bloody conflict" rebelrs ending in failure 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T07:25
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T07:25
Description: Russian President Putin delivered a five -minute TV speech on Monday (June 26) in the evening. He obviously emphasized that the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group's rebellion ended in failure and made Russia more united. Putin said he deliberately allowed the rebellion to last 24 small ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['普京', '俄罗斯兵变', '俄罗斯']
Russian President Putin delivered a five -minute TV speech on Monday (June 26) in the evening. He obviously emphasized that the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group's rebellion ended in failure and made Russia more united.
Putin said he deliberately allowed the rebellion for 24 hours to avoid bleeding. He also thanked the Russian military.
Comprehensive Reuters and Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported that Putin said in Moscow on Monday that Wagner Group's rebellion failed, "because the society of Russia united" and accused Western incite the rebellion on the weekend.
Putin said the government has taken measures to avoid major bleeding incidents, but these arrangements take time.
He accused the rebellion of the initiator hoping to see Russian society "falling into a bloody conflict", "they want the Russians to fight each other. They rubbed their hands and fantasized to revenge for them on the front line and the so -called counterattack. But they missed the calculation."
Putin emphasized that he will fulfill his promise that allows the Warrior of the Wagner Group to sign a contract with the Russian Ministry of Defense, return to his family, or transfer to Belos. He did not mention the name of the head of the Wagner Group in his speech.
Prior to Putin's speech, Perigo, who did not show up at the end of the mutiny, published a 11 -minute speech recording in Telegram.
Porigon's actions last Saturday (24th) were "Parade" in order to investigate the "mistakes" committed by the military leadership in the Ukrainian war, and showed that he had never thought that he would overthrow the Russian government to overthrow the Russian government. Essence
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408171 
The United States warns that African countries Wagner will only bring death and damage 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T07:32:11+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T06:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Washington, 26th, comprehensive foreign news report) After the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group (Wagner) launched a soldier in Russia, the United States today warned African countries to cooperate with Wagner's cooperation full of risks, and where they went to death and destruction.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that US State Department spokesman Matthewmiller told reporters that the United States reiterated that "the message that has been conveyed to these countries in private, that is, every time Wagner enters a country, is death and destruction."
"You see Wagner exploit the local people, we see them squeezing local money and infringing human rights."
Miller said: "Wagner's conflict will bring instability. What happened on the weekend deepen our concerns about this issue."
Russia's quasi -military organizations are becoming more and more active in Africa. The Mali Military Government recruits mercenaries and stood on the side of Russia after the French relations with the former colonial clan.
The UN report of human rights agencies last month pointed out that in March 2022, at least 500 people died in MOURA in March 2022. The United States believed that the foreign forces involved behind the scenes were Wagner.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in an interview with the state -owned media "Russia today" (RT) that Russian "instructors" will continue to work with the Chinese and African Republic.
Lavrov said that Europe has "abandoned" these two African countries, especially France, and these two countries also require Russia and Wagner to provide military instructors and "ensure their leadership security." The head of the Wagner Group launched a brief change on weekend. His troops advanced to Moscow, but then reached an agreement. The Kremlin said he would be able to go safely to Belarus.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E8%AD%A6%E5%91%8A%E9%9D%9E%E6%B4%B2%E5%9B%BD%E5%AE%B6-%E7%93%A6%E6%A0%BC%E7%BA%B3%E5%8F%AA%E4%BC%9A%E5%B8%A6%E6%9D%A5%E6%AD%BB%E4%BA%A1%E4%B8%8E%E7%A0%B4%E5%9D%8F 
Chinese financial writer Wu Xiaobo was banned from the Internet and Weibo refers to the unemployment rate of speculation 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T07:32:12+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T07:20:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Beijing, 27th) Chinese well -known financial writer Wu Xiaobo was banned on social media. Sina Weibo refers to the unemployment rate of him and other online opinion leaders and the development of the securities market. In June 2022, Wu Xiaobo's Weibo account and self -media were also banned.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The "Safety Tips this week" released by Sina Weibo today, Sina Weibo, said that Wu Xiaobo and others of large V users (obtained platform certification and have many fans), through the unemployment rate, dispersing the development of the securities market through the speculation and the development of the development of the securities market. Harm information, publishing the content of the attack to negate the current policy and management system, which is prohibited by violation of relevant laws and regulations.
The WeChat public account "Wu Xiaobo Channel" was updated on the 25th. In June 2022, Wu Xiaobo's Weibo account was also banned for "violating relevant laws and regulations".
Wu Xiaobo is known as the "Most Money Finance Writer" in China. He is the author of "Thirty Years" and other books. His Weibo account currently has 4.732 million fans.
China's economic situation has attracted much attention in recent years, but due to the pressure of economic growth, how to not step on the "Red Line" tests many financial reviewers. Last year, many economists, analysts such as Ren Zeping, Guan Qingyou and others have been banned by community media.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E4%BD%9C%E5%AE%B6%E5%90%B4%E6%99%93%E6%B3%A2%E9%81%AD%E7%BD%91%E8%B7%AF%E7%A6%81%E8%A8%80-%E5%BE%AE%E5%8D%9A%E6%8C%87%E7%82%92%E4%BD%9C%E5%A4%B1%E4%B8%9A%E7%8E%87 
After the soldiers change, the White House has a real -time contact with Russia on security issues 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T07:50
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T08:08
Description: The White House on Monday (June 26) confirmed that after the Russian mutiny, US diplomats contacted Russian diplomats "real -time" to discuss the security issues caused by the rebellion of the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group. Agence France -Presse reported that when asked about the United States Russia with nuclear weapons ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['白宫', '俄罗斯兵变', '核武器']
The White House on Monday (June 26) confirmed that after the Russian mutiny, US diplomats contacted Russian diplomats "real -time" to discuss the security issues caused by the rebellion of the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group.
Agence France -Presse reported that when the United States was concerned about the turbulence of Russia with nuclear weapons, the US National Security Council spokesman Cerby said: "We seriously treat the unstable situation of Russia, and the military change incident does cause us to have a lot of questions. "
He said: "We contacted Russian officials in real time through diplomatic channels and explained our concerns." During the Russian army invaded Ukraine, U.S. officials continued to "very closely" monitor the nuclear trend of Moscow.
Kobe said that so far, "there is no sign that" Russian President Putin is developing towards the use of nuclear weapons or "any direction that will cause us to change the trend of the United States."
According to Reuters, Campbell, a coordinator of Indo -Pacific Affairs of the National Security Council, believes that the brief rebellion launched by the Wagner Group to the Kremi Palace has disturbed China.
Campbell said on the forum of Washington Strategy and the National Research Center on Monday: "It is not difficult to imagine that Russia's two -day development development has disturbed Chinese leadership." But he did not further explain.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said on Monday that the Wagner Group's incident was Russia's internal affairs. As a friendly neighborhood and a new era comprehensive strategic collaborative partner, China support also believes that Russia can maintain national stability and achieve development and prosperity. China and Russia have maintained close and good communication at all levels.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408176 
Expert: Cognition of the ocean and blue financial investment are still not enough (Free Version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T07:52:09+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T03:43:99+08:00
Description: Dai Minhan, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said at the Davos Forum in the summer that the most advanced information and manufacturing technology still have significant lack of knowledge of the ocean, and financial leverage has not been invested in the marine field.
Images: [" 000185722_pic... "]
Themes: ['夏季达沃斯', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '环境', '海洋', '植树', '生态', '湿地']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
On June 27, Dai Minhan, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a professor at Xiamen University at the Tianjin Summer Davos Forum, spoke at the "Return to Natural Survival Controversy" sub -forum, saying that the most advanced information and manufacturing technology are still significant to the ocean. Insufficient cognition, financial leverage has not invested in the new economic growth pole.
To restore the global natural ecology, it is necessary to use the three aspects of continuing degradation, protection and repair. Academician Dai Minhan suggested that the coastal wetland is used as the entry point because it is the economic life pulse. According to its preliminary research, if China can curb the continued degradation of coastal wetland, it has the potential to restore the wetland ecosystem to the level of 30-40%in the 1980s. At the same time, it is necessary to use scientific repair based on ecosystems, not landscape repair. These suggestions are based on a formula made by Academician Dai Minhan:
Prosperous Ocean = (Scientific Cognitive+Technical Revolution+Scientific Governance+Blue Finance) × Common Design 2
Lu Minfang, CEO of Mengniu Group, also shared ecological reconstruction cases on the forum, that is, using local natural resources to plant pastures and grass fields, and planted 98 million trees in 10 years to fix the sand. It is expected that the scale of tree planting this year can reach 1 to 1 100 million. In the middle of the sand -fixed oasis, there are ranch and grass farms to raise cattle, and use cattle's feces to improve the land so that the land can grow corn, pumpkin, cucumber and other crops. Lu Minfang said, "This approach is very efficient in the short term, but I think it is good for the long -term ecological benefits." For example, the organic pure milk of the Telun Soviet desert has been recognized by consumers and is willing to pay for it for it. Premium.
The loss of natural changes, environmental pollution, and ecological diversity is the most severe and global challenge of human civilization. Academician Dai Minhan pointed out that this challenge will last at least 30-50 years. In addition, the Bezos Earth Foundation(Bezos Earth Fund)Vice Chairman Charlotte Pera also revealed to the FT Chinese website after the meeting that the foundation has a clear plan for the restoration of Amazon Rainforest.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100088 
BBC survey: new satellite images show that Chinese spy balloon has fly over Japan and Taiwan 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T08:07:04.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T08:07:04.000Z
Description: The BBC "Panorama" column cooperated with a family artificial intelligence company to obtain relevant evidence from millions of satellite images.
Images: [" _130208382_6b... ", " _130174368_se... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['间谍', '中國', '亚洲']
Type: Article
BBC Survey: New satellite images show that Chinese spy balloon has flying over Japan and Taiwan 
8:07 am on June 27, 2023![] Image source, Synthetaic/Planet Labs PBC
Image adding text,
Suspected sphere of balloon flew over Japan's satellite images.
BBC "Panorama" column revealed the new evidence of the Chinese spy balloon plan, including its flight over Japan and Taiwan. 
Japan has confirmed that a balloon has flew over its territory and said it was ready to shoot it down in the future.
China does not respond directly to the evidence provided by the BBC.
Earlier this year, a spy balls accused of being accused of China were shot down near the United States coast, causing Sino -US relations to fall into trouble.
China claims that the balloon seen on the northwest of the United States at the end of January is a civil airship and used for scientific research such as meteorology -and it is said that it is an unexpected individual incident.
Former East Asian analyst Johnculver, former East Asian analyst at the Central Intelligence Agency, told the "Wide -angle Mirror" program that this is "not a single incident, but at least to dates back to continuous action five years ago." He said that China's balloon is "especially for this type of long -distance task", and some "seem to surround the earth."
 Image source, Tyler Thompson/US Navy
Image adding text,
In February 2023, the U.S. Navy personnel recovered the wreckage of suspected spy balloon in the North Atlantic.
Chinese balloon flying over the United States violates international law? BBC cooperated with artificial intelligence company Synthetaic to find a large amount of data captured by satellites and found multiple balloon images through East Asia.
The company's founder Corey Jaskolski discovered evidence of a balloon crossing northern Japan in September 2021. These images have not been made public in the past.
Jascarski also believes that evidence shows that the balloon was launched from the inland inland south of Mongolia. BBC cannot verify this.
Japan is an intimate ally in the United States. There are more troops stationed in Japan than in any other country.
Image adding text,
Suspected Chinese spy balls were photographed over Taiwan.
Murakami Murakami in the Japanese Ministry of Defense told the BBC that the Japanese government is "taking various planning measures to monitor the relevant situation daily" and even prepares to hit the balloon to protect the "life and property of the people in the Japanese territory."
The U.S. State Department said that Chinese balloon equipment has the ability to collect signal information. It said that the aircraft found in the United States has "multiple antennas and is likely to be capable of collecting and positioning communication."
In order to investigate whether China has launched other balloons, the "Wide -angle Mirror" team first searched the witness report on unknown sky flights in social media and news reports in the region.
They found that two photos taken by the Taiwan weather department seemed to show a balloon flying over the capital Taipei at the end of September 2021.
Jascarski then cross -compares these photos with satellite images. "We found that the balloon flew out of the coastline of Taiwan within 90 seconds," he said.

Is the Chinese government monitoring you? 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-66028371/P0FXJ8Z5/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-66028371/p0fxj8z5/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
The new image shows that Chinese spy balloon once flew over Japan and Taiwan
From a spy balloon to the secret police to the escape from the disgraceful, the Panorama investigation reported that China ’s global monitoring operation was reported. We revealed new details about the Beijing Spy Balloon Fleet, and also black into a Chinese -made monitoring camera, showing how similar devices on the streets can be used.
BBC Chinese will publish a complete video version of the report later, so stay tuned.
The Taiwanese government told "Wide -angle Mirror" that they believe that it was a weather balloon, but Jascarski did not agree.
"Judging by the diameter of the balloon, and it seems similar to its operation height ... It is like the balloon flying over the United States and Japan," he said.
Taiwan, where the democratic government's main administration has long been the goal of China.
Last year, the Chinese army conducted a comprehensive offensive drill.
U.S. President Joe Biden has stated that if China launch an offense, the United States will defend Taiwan.
How to help positioning balloons in artificial intelligence? 
Kerry Jaskarski first imagined what the balloon seen from space can be drawn out. Then, he entered this outline to his AI software and joined the coordinates when he saw the ball ball for the last time.
He also joined the wind model analysis to track the path of balloons and find its starting point.
Image adding text,
Kerry Jaskarski
With the satellite image provided by Planet Labs (Planet Labs), Kobe enters all information to his software RAIC (fast automatic image classification) to position balloon.However, they look just small white spots from the satellite shooting from the space.
Research from Justarki showed that the balloon flying over the United States in February was only 80 miles (130 kilometers) of a nuclear air force base in Mongolia.
He also retreated the flying path back to its most likely launch location -Hainan Island in the South China Sea.
"It seems ... there is a cloud layer at the launch location," he said. "If I want to launch a balloon, I will choose a cloudy day to minimize the detected opportunity."
Image source, Synthetaic/Planet Labs PBC
Image adding text,
Jascarsky tracks balloons through such satellite images.
In a statement, the Chinese Embassy in London has accused the United States that it has released a large number of high -altitude balloon, continuing to surround the earth, and illegally fly over China.
The embassy also said that "China is a responsible country", always "strictly abide by international law and respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries." It also added to refuse to "discredit and attack China for unjustly."
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66028371 
To save local birds New Zealand decided to destroy mice 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-27T08:15:28.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T08:15:28.000Z
Description: New Zealand plans to destroy all mice, negative mice and Iton. Can this plan work?
Images: [" _129945913_me... ", " _129175978_me... ", " _129174780_me... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['自然', '保护（自然世界）']
Type: Article
to save local birds New Zealand decided to eliminate mice 
8:15 am on June 27, 2023![] Image adding text,
Some islands in New Zealand are open to the public, but rodents are rejected.
On a sunny Sunday morning, wild animal lovers gathered on the beautiful Miramar Peninsula. They are performing an extinction task. 
The "Predator-Free Miramar" organization is committed to protecting birds in the New Zealand capital Wellington, and their way is to eliminate mice-eradicate each mouse.
After wearing a reflective jacket, the volunteers got poison and peanut butter, which is the ideal bait of rodents.
Everyone is assigned to a area where they will check the spring trap and bait boxes with toxins. "Bads, I wish you a good luck." Said Dan Coup, the person in charge of the group.
 Image adding text,
The task of Mirama volunteers is to eliminate the last few mice left on the peninsula.
A GPS application guides Kupu through the bush and finds the equipment on the route. Everywhere, he replaced the bait and updated the information on the application. No signs have shown that a mouse has come.
But when he was looking for feces and other clues on the ground, his phone shook. A participant posted a picture in their WhatsApp group: a mouse who died in a trap.
This is not a popular news. "Dave would be happy because he grabbed the mouse, but we felt sad because there was a mouse." Kupu sighed.
The elimination of mice and other predators is not only the goal of Mirama, but also the goal of New Zealand. The government expects this task by 2050.
This is a difficult task. The largest area that has destroyed all mice is South Georgia, which is an island of 170 kilometers (105 miles) on the South Atlantic.
New Zealand natural conservatives believe that at the right time, this can be achieved in a larger region in the United Kingdom.
Others pointed out actual and moral issues.
The core of this project is a unique ecological environment. New Zealand was split from an ancient oversized mainland 85 million years ago, far before the appearance of mammals. Without predators on land, birds can build nests or not fly on the ground.
 Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
New Zealand countries symbolize several dimensions of birds have been threatened for a long time, and few young birds can survive without controlling predators.
Paris: Romantic City Rat disasters caused a dispute between mice and mice Confront the Paris Mouse positively Wildlife Photography Contest: Metro Mouse won the Popular Award for Food * Research: Mouse "is not the question of sin that causes the outbreak of the black death" In addition, New Zealand is the last main land for human settlement. In the 13th century, Poluniians brought mice and Pacific rats. Sixth century later, Europeans introduced larger mammals, eating birds with no defense capabilities. Since the settlement of humans, almost one -third of local species have been extinct.
It is not a new thing to save other species. In the 1960s, the nurses managed to clear the mice on the offshore island. But it was not until around 2010 that dealing with predators became a social phenomenon.
James Russell, a biologist at the University of Auckland, and the proposter of the 2050 plan, said: "It comes out and becomes a totem of a country."
Russell said one of the factor is the appearance of infrared cameras. In the 20th century, the most obvious pests and the main targets were large herbivores, such as deer and goats. But since the beginning of this century, wild animal enthusiasts have been able to show the activities of small mammals at night.
The pictures of mice rushed to eggs and chicks were widely shared. "This video stimulated people." At that time, an ecologist estimated that 26 million birds were eaten by predators in New Zealand each year.
In 2011, the famous physicist Sir Paulcallaghan promoted the dream of a country without predators. Russell and other young environmentalists believe that as long as they have enough investment and mobilization, they can do this.
Politicians also joined. In 2016, a law listed the predators most needed to eliminate: three kinds of mice (Pacific Rats, Ship, Norwegian Rats), Itachi Rats (White and Weasel, Ferry) and negative mice. In the middle of this century, it was set as the last deadline for completing the task.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The Norwegian rats boarded European ships at the end of the 18th century and quickly spread to New Zealand.
"Predator Free 2050 LTD" is a public institution. It is established to introduce government and private funds into local projects to test the root era strategy.
Among them, the most ambitious is the "Predator Freewelllington". In a city with a population of 200,000, its goal is to eliminate a series of harmful animals, especially mice breeding in the urban environment.A camera is also installed in hot areas. "If any mouse appears, my planned team knows where they need to use resources." Said Jameswillcox, the head of the predatory organization.
Each mouse found to be found was sent to the laboratory for autopsy. This is important because anticoagulants will slowly kill the target in design. Mouse is a smart social animal, and they will learn to avoid those things that obviously hurt them.
When a poisonous mouse died away from the bait box, Wellington had no predator tissue to perform autopsy to monitor the effect.
"We cut them and see if they were killed by toxins." Wil curds explained. "We still need to understand whether it is male or female. Have we been breeding recently? Are we hunting a mouse or a group of mice?"
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
In New Zealand, Tuy Bird's cry can only be heard in the ringtone of the phone in most cases. Now this sound is everywhere.
Mirama has always been the forefront of the city against predators. Today, mice are rare on this peninsula, and many local birds are back. In Wellington, the number of Tuy Bird was reduced to only a few pairs in 1990, but now their unique calls are everywhere.
"In our back garden, Tuy Bird has always been flying." Paul Hay, who had lived in Milama for a long time, said. "Birds are absolutely rapidly reproduced, especially in the past five years."
The efforts of the city are beneficial to the early conservation concepts created by Wellington: anti -predator fence.
In 1999, the world's first urban ecological reserves were open to a miles away from the city center. It is now known as Zealandia and is protected by 8 kilometers long fence. Tourists' luggage must be checked and must pass a double -door barrier similar to air gates.
Image adding text,
The Tiss Dia Ecological Reserve attaches great importance to biological safety.
Behind such strict biological safety measures, the rare birds have not only survived, but also spread to the nearby community.
Now there are dozens of fence -type protected areas throughout New Zealand. The biggest is Brook, covering nearly 700 hectares, three times larger than Diabora Dia, Nelson on the South Island.
One year after the predator fence was erected in 2016, the harmful species in the region were completely cleared. The current challenge is to ensure that there are no new harmful species entering.
Maintaining vigilant at all times. A mouse may be unexpectedly in it by a rapto; a tree may overwhelm the fence and let the weasel go in.
Any damage to the fence will trigger its alarm system. Nick Robson, the operating manager of Brook, said: "If the alarm sounds in the middle of the night, one of us will go and see."
The camera reminds staff to pay attention to any invasion. But the final detection tool and the biggest enemy of predators are the best friends of human beings. "After special training, the dog can find some harmful species and ignore other species." Robson said. "It may be that dogs can detect mice, but our equipment cannot."
Image adding text,
The Brook Reserve can rely on Macca and Elmo to smell predator.
Preventing harmful species from invasion is a matter worthy of attention, especially for offshore islands. Rakura Island (Stuart Island) is the largest island, which is 25 kilometers away from mainland New Zealand. Although there are mice on the island, there are no Itachi rats. This relatively isolated environment allows rare birds to build nests here, and conservatives are trying to protect it.
Detective dog "Gadget" is a "net red" dog. She has her own Facebook page: You can follow her, because she will check whether the immigrant ships carry rodents to smuggle passengers.
Over the past 20 years, the volunteer organization "Stuart Island/Rakilla Community and Environmental Trust Fund" (Sircet, "community and environmental trust") has been preventing mouse and other harmful species from destroying the gray inhabitation. Gray is a species built on the ground, which has almost disappeared on the mainland.
"We are sticking to the line of defense." Shona Sangster, the chairman of the volunteer organization, said when checking the trap in the bushes.
For offshore islands that have no predators, strong defense measures are essential. Because mice can swim for half miles (800 meters), it is a long -term struggle for them to stay away from these protected areas and endangered birds they shelter.
Government funds have played a helping role. According to the "Predator Frerakiura" project established in 2050, it provides tools such as professional knowledge, paid services and exquisite automatic reset traps. They can shatter the skull of any nearby mouse, and they need to be rarely maintained -dead mice will fall to the ground, and nature will clean up.
Image adding text,
The automatic reset trap is very suitable for remote protected areas that cannot be checked regularly.
The budget of "Rakilla's non -predator" is far less than Wellington's peers, but local nurses enjoy the popularity of people's dreams in other parts of the country. Community and environmental trust stated that from 2020 to 2021, 261 people paid time for the cause. For an island with only 440 residents, this is a huge mobilization rate.
Last year, the organization issued a mouse catcher to the primary school students and awarded prizes for children with the most, the largest, maximum tooth, and the thicker fur.
Saster said that these young people grew up in a community that attaches great importance to predators. "From the perspective of outsiders, a little unusual thing is part of their daily life."
Community and environmental trusts also advocate responsible pets on the island. Cats are also bird killers, but they are exempted from being destroyed because they are regarded as pets, but they must be sterilized and implanted in micro chips.
Dogs often mistaken for a few vitamin (ostrich) as furry toys, which may also be dangerous. In a training plan provided by the community and environmental trust, a few electronic birds will make slight electric shocks on too friendly dogs and teach them to keep their distance.The feasibility of the entire 2050 plan has always been controversial among environmentalists. James Lynch, the founder of Jereal, has reserved opinions on practicality and cost benefits.
He supports the ultimate goal of eliminating predators. "The problem is that we don't have this toolbox at present." Lin Qi said.
He pointed out that most native birds do not need the environment of zero predators to grow up. He believes that a small number of birds needed can survive on outlying islands or urban reserves. Lin Qi suggested not to try to clear the harmful species of the entire country, but focus on the forest land around the fence to maximize the survival rate of the flying birds.
Image adding text,
Many birds built nests on the side of the Dia -free fence (left), and then flew to the surrounding forests (right).
He said that while developing a thorough elimination of harmful species tools, this concept played a role in Wellington and represents the biggest expectations of the country.
Other people believe that New Zealand, which has no predator at all, is whimsical. Conservation researcher Waynelinklater pointed out that in the past 150 years, every battle launched by New Zealand on rabbits, deer and other harmful species ended in failure.
Links added that the movement of eliminating creative and perceive creatures is not only unreasonable, but also morally wrong. "We mobilized a lot of resources and the enthusiasm of the people, but we implemented extremely cruel behaviors. How can we be so lightly written about pain?"
Clearing the action of social evil forces, large -scale mobilization and slogans reminded Linklet with religious fanaticism. He said that the non -predator movement "depends on the demonization of a species and fights with the species so that you can kill it."
In addition, humans, the most aggressive mammalian predator and systemic destroyer of the habitat, what qualifications to comprehensively declare war on it?
Links suggested that instead of setting the national goals that cannot be achieved, it is better to let the community determine the goal of its own biodiversity. Auckland residents can tolerate some mice and negative mice, while residents on Stuart is may prioritize their vitamin birds and gray.
Image adding text,
The islands near Rakilla are protected by traps and poisons, so as not to be invaded again.
However, Jamesrussell, a biologist who provided a large number of scientific support for 2050, believes that the localization strategy is meaningless. He shrugged and said, "This is a model without ambition and everything."
He continued to say that some places were wrong to save birds: it needs permanent investment to prevent predators from returning. It is expensive to completely eradicate, but "you pay once and then finish."
Russell admits that no one knows how to complete this work yet. But since the 1960s, the prevention and control technology of harmful species has made great progress. Therefore, who knows what kind of results can the continuous investment achieve in the next 27 years?
As for moral opposition, there is no fixed answer. This depends on how individuals and society weigh the complex arguments. Russell said the New Zealanders collectively decided to sacrifice some species to save other species correct.
Indeed, now the sound of opposition to eradication has weakened, and people are enthusiastic.
Back to the Mirama Peninsula, Dan Kupu looked forward to the day when he and his mouse catcher could finally retire.
"You have a choice, either work forever, or you make a big investment in advance, grab the last 0.5%mouse, and then you don't need to work anymore." He said.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66028565 
Shengzhengda IPO Western banks are difficult to divide a cake (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Leng', '韩乐']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T08:23:44+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-25T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-26T04:26:99+08:00
Description: Western banks such as Goldman Sachs and Morgan Chase have spent months for lobbying and strive to participate in the Shengda IPO. But geopolitical tensions make its prospects not optimistic.
Images: []
Themes: ['IPO', '关注']
Keywords: ['IPO', '先正达', '中国中化', '高盛', '摩根大通', '汇丰', '花旗', '瑞银', '摩根士丹利', '投资银行', '中美关系']
Type: Article
Golden(Goldman Sachs),JPMorgan(Jpmorgan)Lobbying with other Western banks has spent several months, and strive to participate in one of the largest stock listing transactions in China.
Swiss Agricultural Chemical Company Xianzhengda(Syngenta)It is planned to be listed in Shanghai and raise $ 9 billion, which seems to be a ticket that all banks have dreamed of: a large international company that has something to do with global institutions.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100078 
The despair of the lost warlord: Why does Pryigo rebel? 
Creator: PAUL SONNE,ANATOLY KURMANAEV
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-27T08:27:09+08:00
Description: Porigen established a huge military and financial empire, but during the war, the hostility of Wagner and the Russian military continued to upgrade, and he was excluded from the core of power. In order to find a first -line vitality in the struggle with Haguku, he took risks. On the 6th, on the 6th, a poster with "to join Wagner" was demolished in St. Petersburg.
Images: [" 26prigozhin-r... ", " 26prigozhin-r... ", " 26prigozhin-r... ", " 26prigozhin-r... ", " 26prigozhin-r... ", " 26prigozhin-r... ", " 26prigozhin-r... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 As early as Yevgeni Pleigo served as an important military center in Russia, ordered armed to enter Moscow, and a stunning and dramatic threat to President Putin, the mercenary leader of the food service provider had begun to lose His personal war.
Porigen's private army was excluded out of the game. His rich government catering contract was threatened. His most admired commander in the Russian army was lifted his position on the Supreme Commander of the Ukraine. He also lost the most important channel for recruitment -Russian prison.
His only hope was to intervene at the last moment, and he was unable to defeat in the long -term power struggle with Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoygu. This hopes were shattered on June 13.
Putin openly stands on the opponent's opponent, insisting that all the informal troops fighting in Ukraine must sign contracts with the Ministry of Defense. These include Vigner, a private military company in Pleigo.
Now, the mercenary leader will be ordered to be ordered in Shaygugo, a person with an unparalleled political life in modern Russia, and is also a dead enemy of Perigo.
 Russian President Putin announced that the Wagner Group will be affiliated to the Russian Ministry of Defense. The photo was released by the Russian national media. Gavriil Grigorov/Sputnik
 Minister of Defense Sergei Shoygu. Russian Defense Ministry
"You have to do this," Putin said in the same group of warfareers in the Kremlin palace. "This matter must be completed as soon as possible."
What happened next shocked the world: Pricig launched an armed rebellion. He insisted that the purpose of this rebellion was not to overthrow Putin, but to overthrow the military leadership of the Kremlin.
Although this mutiny is short -lived, it is widely regarded as an ominous political sign of Putin's leadership. As the Russian president continued to advance a high price war, this mutiny may indicate more unstable.
But it is also a personal story. It tells a "self -employed" warlord that is not convinced and repeated to make an emotional final attempt to try to win one of the most unusual power struggles in Russia through force to win Russia. Essence
In the 23 years when Putin has served as Russian leaders, many powerful Russian characters have defeated in faction struggle, and eventually ended in exile, prison or forgotten.
However, in the weekend rebellion, Pryigo chose a different path to show his pain and anger in front of the world. The action he took was that only one person had a loudspeaker that could broadcast to the country- And a well -equipped and indignant private army -it can be done.
"The rebellion of Pryigo is not for seizing power, nor to overthrow the Kremlin," Takanana Stannovaia, a senior researcher at the Eurasian Center of Cuniki Russia, wrote in the analysis of the incident. "It stems from a sense of despair; Pryigo was forced to leave Ukraine. He found that he could not maintain Wagner as before, and the state machine was starting to target him."
"The worst is," she added, "Putin ignored him, and publicly supported his most dangerous opponent."
Porigen established a huge financial and military empire. However, as his political resistance became stronger and stronger, the flow of funds from the Ministry of National Defense and other government contracts faced the risk of exhaustion. He was annoyed to think of being incompetent.
 A picture posted by Yevgeni Porigen's news agency showed that in March, he and Wagner's soldiers were in Bachurut, Ukraine. Concord Press Service
 A photo posted by Porigen's news agency showed that he was in the Russian military headquarters of Rostov on the Rosteov on the River on Saturday. Concord Press Service
Nevertheless, Steinnova wrote that when Putin condemned his behavior on Saturday, Pleigo seemed to be caught off guard, not ready to be a revolutionaries, and was not ready to continue to enter the Kremlin Palace to enter the palace. He realized that it would almost end in failure.
Therefore, when Pritigon had the opportunity to end the crisis through withdrawal, he seized the opportunity.
"In the final analysis, Pryo's rebellion is a risk of being forced to enter the desperate person," said Michael Cofman, the Russian research director of the Virginia Research Organization CNA. "With his fierce disputes intensified, his choice is getting less and less."
For many years, Pleigo has obtained a large profit contract with the relationship with Putin and the Kremlin, providing food for the Moscow school system and Russian military bases, and accumulated huge wealth. At the same time, he was engaged in the foreign adventure of the Kremlin through Wagner, and the goal of promoting Moscow in the Middle East and Africa -and his own goals, his soldiers were accused of killing in these areas and committed atrocities.
He also manages the infamous St. Petersburg Internet Giant Farm(troll farm)"Internet Research Agency", the latter interfered in the 2016 US presidential election.
 "Putin's chef." In 2011, Pricig was served in Putin. POOL Photo by Misha JaParidze
 In 2010, Pricig Ren and Putin. POOL Photo by Alexei Druzhinin
Porigon is as much as his activities, so that he has long denied any relationship with Wagner, and even sued the Russian media that he had a relationship with the organization.In September, Pricigen was the first time public He was the identity of the leader behind Wagner.
advertise
Less than two weeks later, Putin appointed General Sergei Surovin to lead the Ukrainian war, which is a gospel for the leader of Wagner. He has worked with the general in Syria. Porigen described this new leader as a legend and the most capable commander in the Russian army.
Parig's status is also constantly improving, because his soldiers have made progress in the long -lasting battle of Bachurut, Ukrainian city, but the Russian army has almost no performance. Russian commentators reported a large number of positive reports on the mercenary organization, and a glass tower in St. Petersburg was renamed "Wagner Center". There are recruitment posters from all over the country.
But by the beginning of this year, Pryigo's opponent in the Ministry of National Defense began to re -establish his power.
On Saturday, at Rostov, Don River, a member of the Wagner forces on a tank. Roman romokhov/agent frame-presse-getTyimages
The Wagner soldiers on Rostov on the River on the River were taken on Saturday. Roman romokhov/agent frame-presse-getty images
In January, Putin appointed General Waleri Vlasimov to replace General Surovin as the highest commander in Ukraine. Porigon often degraded Grassimov in Telegram audio news, implying that he was a office official, and he couldn't breathe with ordinary soldiers with bureaucracy.
According to the memoirs published by two Wagner veterans, this hostile seems to be traced back to Moscow's intervention in the Syrian civil war. At that time, Wagner and Ordinary Russian soldiers sometimes conflicted when competing for resources and loot. Last year, Pryigon had publicly talked about Syria's tension.
In February of this year, Perigon admitted that he had been cut off for his entry into Russian prison to recruit recruits. The Ministry of National Defense later began to follow the strategy of Porigan, where the prisoners were recruited.
advertise
The Russian military bloggers have hinted that the Russian military bloggers have long hinted that they have been completely publicized. By the end of February, Pricigen had publicly accused General Shoshgou and General Grassimov in the rebellion, saying that they deliberately refused to provide ammunition and supplies, which was intended to collapse the Wagner Group.
Leaked information file It shows that at the end of February, Putin tried to convene Pleigor Ren and the Haguku meeting to resolve the dispute.
But hostile continues to upgrade. According to Ukraine and Western officials, Wagner was forced to rely on a limited number of veterans to continue fighting in Bachomut due to the failure to recruit prisoners.
On Saturday, Porigo was on Rostov on the River on the River. Alexander Ermochenko/Reuters
Pryigo, who was isolated from the core of Moscow's power, is increasingly asking for his public opinion position: social media. He began to shout directly to the Russian people, and the information he conveyed became more politicized. He began to publicly criticize that in a country that prohibit the discredit army, few people dare to do so.
Over time, he has gradually become frequent anger at the sour ridicule of Russia.
"What are you doing with bad stinking bastards? A group of pigs!" He said in a recording at the end of May. "Get out your office, your position was originally to protect the country."
advertise
He also violently criticized the Russian defense leader, saying that they were "full of expensive moisturizing creams on the huge buttocks that lived in a high position", and also said that the Russian people had the right to question. He made the bloody photos of Wagner's soldiers in the world. He issued an ultimatum to ask Wagner to evacuate Bachmut. He even mentioned a "old man" that might be a "big stupid". Although he did not name it, it was widely regarded as a attack on Putin.
What was confused about the experts of the Kremlin Palace was why Putin did not sweep the Wagner's head out of the floor or control him; some analysts believe that Putinle is fighting between different factions. Master too much power. Others doubt whether the Russian leader cannot solve the problem because he is too close to hearing, or just because his control is not as great as that point.
Porigen's troops occupied Bachmart at the end of May and soon withdrew from the battlefield, accusing the Russian army of setting up land mines on their usual retreat routes, and arrested a Lieutenant Colonel of the Russian army when they evacuated. All this makes Perigon more vulnerable. Russia no longer needs Wagner to play this war that has been rendered by domestic media.
By June, his isolation situation was obvious.
Porigen hinted that he and the Ministry of Defense had different divergent issues on the issue of serving in the army. For more than ten years, these contracts helped him accumulate a lot of wealth and influence. In a public letter to the Sakhag in a date to the June 6th, Pleigo said that since 2006, the total value of food he supplied to Russian military bases and institutions has been 147 billion rubles (about 1.74 billion U.S. dollars in $ 1.74 billion ), This number cannot be verified. Now he complains that "senior people" tries to force him to accept companies that are related to them as suppliers. He also said that a new system composed of "confidate suppliers" threatened his cost structure and may harm his business reputation.
His despair seems to be increasing day by day.
On June 10, a deputy of Shaygu announced that all troops who did not formally formulate internal operations in the Russian army must sign a contract with the Russian Ministry of Defense before July 1.In a video released on June 16, he made a "contract" to the Russian Ministry of Defense in Moscow, but a receiver in the closed compartment closed the window in front of him.
A few days before he took the lead in the rebellion on Saturday, Perigo Ren revealed his mood, saying that the Russian army's stubborn illness could not be resolved at all. He also talked about the rise of the nation, saying that Shaoyu was executed and hinted that the people who lost their relatives in the war would revenge incompetent bureaucrats.
"When the time is mature, their mother, wife, and children will swallow these lives," he said in a video interview on June 6, suggesting that "civil changes" may occur.
He also said, "I can tell you the truth, I believe that as long as two or three months, the limit of these people is coming."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230627/prigozhin-wagner-russia-putin/ 
Why do high interest rates exacerbate intergenerational contradictions? (Free version) 
Authors: ['萨拉•奥康纳']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T08:45:48+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T04:45:99+08:00
Description: O'Conner: In a new period of a sharp rise in interest rates, younger workers who carry mortgage loans may feel that they have suffered in the entire society again.
Images: []
Themes: ['财富不平等', '关注']
Keywords: ['财富不平等', '代际矛盾', '利率', '房地产', '通货膨胀', '英国经济', '货币政策', '生活成本危机']
Type: Article
How to understand the current situation in the UK? According to the reason, the British economy is experiencing the drama of the "crisis of life costs", but consumer demand is still full of toughness, forcing the Bank of England(BoE)In order to reduce the stubborn inflation, it raised interest rates 13 times in a row.
It's not that no one is suffering. The relief grain issued by food banks surged. Facing the highest theft rate in the past 10 years, the owner of the store began to post anti -pimage signing on steak, butter and cheese. However, despite high inflation and tightening monetary policy, it seems that many people still have the willingness and ability to continue to spend money to buy goods and services. The official data recently showed that the prices of air tickets, vacation packages and on -site music festivals rose sharply. Retail sales from April to May increased by 0.3%, which was different from the decline in economists' expectations by 0.2%. How is this going?
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100089 
Comments | Weise: What we are talking about when we talk about smallpox (36) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T08:49:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T08:57:47-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 1943 Japanese aerial photography Shuanghuang Temple Network screenshot/only color providedDonghuang Temple Mountain Gate (photographed in 1909)
Donghuang Temple Stele Pavilion (Germans were photographed in the 1940s)
Donghuang Temple Mahayana (Germans were photographed in the 1940s)
Donghuang Temple Tianwang Temple Tianwang statue (Germans filmed in the 1940s)
The Buddha statue in the Mahayana Hall of Donghuang Temple (Japanese photographed in the 1940s)
Weibo screenshot
Today, Donghuang Temple is already the "General Political Court" (friends shooting recently)
The "Xihuang Temple Museum" in Xihuang Temple (photographed by friends recently)
You can see the roof of the Buddhist Academy) from a wall (friends recently shot)
The "Panchen Tower" built by the Emperor Qianlong in the West Huang Temple is still (photographed recently)
Xihuang Temple and Donghuang Temple, which have already been "General of the General Political Court" (photographed recently)
15. As the altar of Yonghe Palace and Huang Temple (below) 
Google can tell us more information about Huang Temple. For example, the earliest can be traced back to the Emperor Manchun Shunzhi invited the Dalai Lama 5 to meet in Beijing. To this end, the establishment of a Buddhist temple created during this Liaoning and Jin dynasties was rebuilt. The "Xihuang Temple of the heterogeneity, the style of the Middle Earth Temple, is collectively referred to as the Huang Temple, which is located in the north of the school farm outside De Shengmen.
In March 1652, the Fifth Dalai Lama led three thousand guards to set off from the Lhasa Zhelong Temple. It arrived in Beijing for five months in December. Donghuang Temple and Xihuang Temple were the place where the His Holiness was in tin. Among them, the residence of Xihuang Temple is also known as the "Dalai Lama". In 1780, the Sixth Panchen Lama was invited to wish Emperor Qianlong for two months in Beijing. It was the "Dalai Lou" who lived in Xihuang Temple. The emperor was commemorative on the west side of the tower. By the time Emperor Guangxu, the 13th Dalai Lama invaded Tibet because of the British invading Tibet. First, he went to Mongolia refuge, and then visited Beijing in September 1908 to seek help. After two months, he left Beijing. He has lived and held a law meeting many times in Xhuang Temple. He was worshiped by a large number of Buddhists from all ethnic groups. He also met the envoys and politicians who visited the visiting countries.
Because of these history, especially from the grand construction and worship of the Emperor Manchu Emperor, and the worship and passing of the Supreme Leaders and Monks of Tibetan Buddhism, which was welcomed to the Emperor's capital, left such an old saying in Beijing: "East The temple of the Huang Temple, the tower of the West Huang Temple ", admires the glory of the building. "After the completion of Shuanghuang Temple, it has received many monks from Tibet many times. In addition to the arrival of the Dalai VI and the Sixth Channel, for the Mongolian and Tibetan people who have already converted to the Huangjiao Political influence. Since then, the Mongolian nobles and Tibetan monks who come to Beijing will almost go to Shuanghuang Temple to worship and live in Donghuang Temple. "[1]
The years are replaced, and in the period of the People's Republic of China established by the Communist Party of China, according to Wikipedia Chinese Encyclopedia, "in 1958, all the buildings of Donghuang Temple and the Dalai Lama Temple of Xhuang Temple were demolished because of the breakdown." "Broken", who was dismantled and how to disassemble. There are new discoveries in the search network. Chinese official media such as Beijing Daily and Chinanews.com have always claimed that "Beijing Donghuang Temple ... either destroyed the invasion of the Eight -Power Allied Forces." However, there are many old photos about Donghuang Temple. The shot, the filmed in 1909, in 1920, in 1922, in 1928, and the 1930s, the 1940 Photographer and Japanese photographer shot. It can be seen from the photos that the Buddhist temples of Donghuang Temple are magnificent and complete, a tall and complete Buddha statue, and there is no signs of being destroyed. I remember the old things that the Eight -Power Allied Forces invaded in 1900. So the question is, who is the removal of Donghuang Temple?
According to netizens on Twitter, after 1949, Donghuang Temple belonged to the Central Military Commission, and so far there are still institutions such as the General Political Department, General Staff, and General Equipment Department. Some Beijingers wrote [2] said, "When it comes to the Huang Temple of Drum Tower and the Daedan Gate, many people first think of were not the Lama Temple, but the General Political House. There is an article [3] wrote: "Peiping reached a peaceful liberation agreement in early 1949", the Chinese army entered the city and scrambled to meet the "house", occupied the local, and "demolished the civil house". Several units inside were there. "However, in 1960, the Beijing Military Region moved out of Huang Temple and moved to Xishan Courtyard.It is also said that Donghuang Temple was demolished because of its geographical location. It is very important on the extension of the central axis or the north of the north of Beijing.
The article quoted earlier also wrote: "There is an old saying in Beijing: 'Temple of Donghuang Temple, the tower of Xiyong Temple.' But now I can see Xihuang Temple, but Donghuang Temple is gone ... ... Both temples are Lama Temple , The temple is overlapping, and the tiles are all yellow, because there is the name of the yellow temple. Unfortunately, Donghuang Temple was obliterated in the stormy waves of historical changes. "[6]" ... Some people said before, Donghuang Temple was destroyed by the destroyed by Donghuang Temple. The Eight Kingdoms Allied Forces, this is wrong. The preservation of Gujian was quite good. Some people said that it was destroyed by the Japanese during the War of Resistance Against Japan, which was also not precise, because the Japanese had a "Shuanghuang Temple" photo in the 1943 air camera, showing that Shuanghuang Temple was relatively complete. Moreover The Japanese have always worshiped the traditional culture and ancient buildings of China. German photographer Heida Molfa took many photos of Beijing Shuanghuang Temple in the 1930s and 1940s. These photos reflect most of the buildings of Shuanghuang Temple at the time. Well preserved. Most of the exquisite ancient buildings in China are destroyed in our own hands. "[7]
Many articles were disclosed throughout China. During the Cultural Revolution, it was also devastated. "In the era of large steel refining, many Buddha statues in the country, especially in the north, were transported to Shenyang, which was transported to heavy industrial bases," "The value of the Buddha statue burned when the steel refining steel was burned" ... The official report announced: "Since 1958, a total of 22,000 square meters of houses in 426 temples have been sent out to be used to use factories, agencies, schools and other units; 5,381 general metal cultural relics are treated, with a weight of about 500 tons and supporting industries. It is a summary of Beijing's cultural relics work since January 23, 1962 on the "Great Leap Forward". "[8] So the huge metal Buddha statues of Donghuang Temple, countless metal Buddhas, etc. What is the fate? How is it "handled"? Is it "big steel"? And many clay sculptures and stone carvings have been pushed down and built another new house?
In short, after the construction of the socialist revolution in 1958, Donghuang Temple disappeared, and it has become the "Huang Temple General Political Courtyard" that Beijing people always talk about. Xihuang Temple "only the Purissolian City Tower and the Purision City Tower Institute" were almost demolished in the Cultural Revolution. By the time "September 1, 1987, the Chinese Tibetan Senior Buddhist Academy was officially established at the Purissolic City Tower Institute in Xhuang Temple. Panchen Lama's residence is managed by the Communist Party of China. "[9]. In addition to the previously written, Xhuang Temple is also set as "Xihuang Temple Museum", which is separated from the Buddhist Academy. The museum is opened on Saturday and Sunday.
The dramatic thing is that on the Internet, the information appearing with Huang Temple is "Huang Temple Burning", and the introduction of Beijing snack Beijing old name, but I am interested in me. After all, we still need real human fireworks like food. Consolation. Unfortunately, the epidemic that has been invincible to attack has been reunited, and I had to cancel the visit to the West Huang Temple and taste the "yellow temple braised". However, there is no need to be tangled. For a long time in various epidemics, I can accept all kinds of abnormal conditions. At the same time, I have prepared to find the crescent plateau after being "liberated" after being "liberated" after being "liberated" after being "liberated". Waiting patiently to go home. (The full text serial ending)
From May to August 2021, in the epidemic, written in Beijing
It was revised in Lhasa in June 2023.
Note:
[1] Disappearing Beijing Donghuang Temple https://www.sohu.com/a/552191885_120579888 [2] Huang Si'er, a mysterious realm in Beijing[3] Courtyard 丨 No. 1 Courtyard No. 1: The full memory of the Beijing Military Region Courtyard [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/kvkprcu_ktntd- yseisvga]](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/kVkprCU_KTNTd-YSeIsvgA)[4] Sina Weibo [Look at old photos] (2018-5-1) https://weibo.com/1349954040/423500393270269 [5] "Top Ten Projects": Also known as the "Top Ten Buildings", according to reports, "In 1958, in order to welcome the ten years of the founding of New China, the Central Committee decided to build a group of National Day buildings in Beijing to further play the political and politics and of Beijing as the capital as the capital Cultural functions, change the appearance of the old city, "including the Great Hall of the People, the Chinese Revolutionary History Museum, the Chinese People's Revolutionary Museum, the National Agricultural Exhibition Hall, the Beijing Railway Station, the Workers Stadium, the National Cultural Palace, the National Hotel, and the Hotel (Diaoyutai State Hotel) Overseas Chinese Building (now demolished).
[6] Same as [2].
[7] Same as [1].
[8] Beijing Tenno People ’s Hall is a typical“ Mao Zedong Project ” http://www.mingjinglishi.com/2013/09/blog-post_5437.html [9] Wikipedia Chinese Encyclopedia: West Huang Temple [https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E8%BF%E9%BBB Nan(https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E8%A5%BF%E9%BB%83%E5%AF%BA)(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/weise/ws-06272023083341.html 
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange is optimistic about attracting international companies 
Authors: ['珍妮弗•休斯']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T08:52:41+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T04:51:99+08:00
Description: The Champions League of the Executive Officer of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange stated that for international companies, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is closely linked to the majority of Chinese retail investors, which is a great attraction.
Images: [" 000185699_pic... "]
Themes: ['港交所', '关注']
Keywords: ['港交所', 'IPO', '香港', '金融中心', '香港股市']
Type: Article
 Hong Kong Exchange(HKEx)Chief Executive CEO Champions League(Nicolas Aguzin)It is said that despite the increasing tension between China and the West, closer connection with the majority of retail investors in China will help the exchange attract more international companies to go public in Hong Kong.
He told the British "Financial Times" that after three years of isolation caused by the new crown epidemic, Hong Kong is trying to reconstruct the connection with the outside world, but the temptation of using Mainland China funds is still a great attraction of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100090 
Sudan: There was a sporadic shooting in Khamoum. 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-27T08:53:44
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T08:53:44
Description: A reporter from the Peninsula TV reported that the rapid support of the troops unilaterally announced a two -day ceasefire for a few hours, and on the morning of June 27, he heard the sound of heavy weapons from south of Ensiman and west of Khattle.
Images: [" 1-1687855634.jpg ", " 2-1687855656.jpg "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '苏丹']
Type: Article
 "Sudan People's Liberation Movement (North Bureau)" hit the Green Nile Military Base for the first time(Peninsula TV Station)A reporter from the Peninsula TV reported that the rapid support of the troops unilaterally announced a two -day ceasefire for a few hours, and on the morning of June 27, he heard the sound of heavy weapons from south of Ensiman and west of Khattle.
On Monday, the 26th, the army and the rapid support forces continued to conflict in the capital Khatoum. After aiming at the headquarters of the Central Police Reserve, the army bombed the position of the fast support forces.
According to a reporter from this report, the Sudan Air Force launched an attack on the positions of the rapid support forces north of Khamoum, Endaman and Khamoum.
As the fighter flew south of Endaman and fired a high-firing cannonball, the AL-GHABA region, south of northern Khamoum, and the west of Ensumman rose west of the AL-GHABA region, northern Kagole.
The rapid support forces commander Mohammed Hamdan (Hermeity) announced a unilateral ceasefire in the recording for two days. He also said that the ceasefire will take effect on the first day of the Alafri and Gulbang Festival.
At the same time, Hermeity also announced the establishment of a committee to investigate the responsibility of supporting personnel suspected of infringement of human rights and stated that he opposed any violations against civilians.
The scope of combat expansion 
At the same time, the scope of Sudan's battle was significantly expanded, and the "Sudan People's Liberation Movement (Northern Bureau)" led by Abdul Aziz Hiru attacked the Sudan army resident in Green Nile.
 Sudan: North Coldo Fanzhou, South Cooper Fan and West Cordo Fanzhou(Peninsula TV Station)Two insiders at the Office of Malik Agel, Vice Chairman of the Sudan Movement Committee and the Sudan Sovereign Commission, told the Peninsula TV that the "Sudan People's Liberation Movement (Northern Bureau)" led by Abdul Aziz Hiru " For the first time, KHOR Al-Budi and Dima Mansour's multiple Sudan army bases south of Kurmuk were attacked.
The two sources added that the Sudan army responded to the attack and stated that the "Sudan People's Liberation Movement" continued to bombard the state.
It is worth noting that the Sudan army and the "Sudan People's Liberation Movement" signed a ceasefire agreement, which has been valid until the current conflict broke out in mid -April.
In the first comments of the Sudan conflict line map of the African -African countries (Igat), the African Peace and Security Council announced the full support of Igart's plan for Sudan conflict.
The council praised Igart's efforts and stated that it immediately stated that it immediately stopped hostile operation by the capital Kagoumum non -militaryization.
On the other hand, a informed Sudan diplomatic source said in an interview with the Peninsula TV station that as he said, the support of the AU Peace and Security Council on the 26th was a leap in the dark International officials attempts to use the African Union to serve foreign agenda.
The source added that in the words of Sudan diplomats, "Sudan, as a country, leadership, army, and free people, has self -determination, does not expect anyone to obtain the guidance of anyone, nor will they be interfered in their internal affairs. Responsible adventure is scared down. "
On the other hand, Acyl Alman, a spokesman for the Central Committee of Freedom and Reform, said that as he said, the ceasefire between military personnel did not stop war and did not reduce the pain of civilians.
Alman added in a tweet on Twitter that the dialogue between military personnel could not bring results. He called on civil democratic forces to sit on the negotiating table and formulate a new path.
Since the outbreak of the battle in mid -April, about 3,000 people have died, thousands of people were injured, and hundreds of thousands of people fled to Sudan and some neighboring countries.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/6/27/%e8%8b%8f%e4%b8%b9%e5%96%80%e5%9c%9f%e7%a9%86%e5%8f%91%e7%94%9f%e9%9b%b6%e6%98%9f%e6%9e%aa%e5%87%bb%e9%9d%92%e5%b0%bc%e7%bd%97%e5%b7%9e%e5%86%9b%e9%98%9f%e9%81%ad%e5%88%b0%e8%a2%ad%e5%87%bb 
Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang said that he has the confidence to achieve GDP goals and criticize the concept of "de -risk" 
Author: Singapore Editors
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T09:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T04:45:00.000Z
Description: Chinese State Council Prime Minister Li Qiang attended the Summer Davos Forum on Tuesday and delivered a keynote speech. On the one hand, he talked about confidence in the Chinese economy and criticized the concept of economic risks proposed by the West.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济', '中国经济']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Chinese State Council Prime Minister Li Qiang attended the Summer Davos Forum on Tuesday and delivered a keynote speech. On the one hand, he talked about confidence in the Chinese economy.(https://cn.wsj.com/articles/CN-BGH-20230621094351)Essence At present, China's economic recovery is encountered.(https://cn.wsj.com/articles/CN-CEC-20230617083331)The bottleneck brought by, Chinese government is trying to re -drive economic growth 。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%80%BB%E7%90%86%E6%9D%8E%E5%BC%BA%E7%A7%B0%E6%9C%89%E4%BF%A1%E5%BF%83%E5%AE%9E%E7%8E%B0gdp%E7%9B%AE%E6%A0%87-%E6%89%B9%E8%AF%84-%E5%8E%BB%E9%A3%8E%E9%99%A9-%E6%A6%82%E5%BF%B5-72582ef3 
Biden: Russian mutiny has nothing to do with the United States and allies 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T09:06
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:06
Description: US President Biden said that the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group's brief uprising is part of the Russian system's internal struggle and does not involve American and American allies. Reuters reported that Bayeng said on Monday (June 26) to attend the White House event: "We have clearly stated ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '拜登', '俄罗斯兵变', '拉夫罗夫']
US President Biden said the Russian mercenary organization a short uprising of the Wagner Group It is part of the internal struggle of the Russian system and does not involve American and American allies.
Reuters reported that Bayeng said on Monday (June 26) to attend the White House event: "We have clearly stated that this mutiny has nothing to do with us."
This is the first time Bayeon delivered a speech on the rebellion of the Wagner Group's head of Purig. He made a cautious assessment of Russia's development. While avoiding intensifying the tension between the two nuclear military countries in the United States and Russia, it also ensured that the West firmly supports Ukraine to repel Russia's invasion.
Biden said that the rebellion of the Wagner Group was a struggle for power. The rebels team was close to the capital on Saturday (24th), and suddenly announced the abandonment of the entire action when it was about to arrive in Moscow.
Biden said that he instructed the national security team to report the latest situation to him "every hour" and prepared for a series of possible situations, but he did not explain the details.
According to BBC (BBC), Putin made a five -minute TV speech on Monday night He obviously emphasized that the rebellion of the Wagner Group ended with failure and made Russia united.
Putin said he deliberately allowed the rebellion for 24 hours to avoid bleeding.
He also said that both the West and Ukraine hoped that the Russians would "kill each other" and warn that any triumphant attempts to extort or make riots in Russia will "be destined to fail."
Tas Society quoted Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov on Monday that the Russian intelligence department was investigating Western spy agencies and whether it played a role in the rebellion of the Wagner Group.
Lavrov said in an interview with RT television that the US Ambassador to Russia Treyle on Sunday and the Russian representatives on Sunday. She emphasized that the Vagna Group's rebellion was Russia's internal affairs, and the United States had nothing to do with this incident. She also said that Washington wants Russia to ensure the safety of nuclear arsenal.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408184 
Earth is burning: Can Southern countries save it? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-27T09:24:51
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:24:51
Description: Although the weather events predicted by the United Nations Meteorological Institution have captured the abnormal temperature peak, they are an ominous sign, which means that the world will realize the hopes of limiting the average temperature to 1.5 degrees Celsius by 2100.
Images: [" story_25_fina... ", " AP22125440883... ", " 2016-11-05T12... ", " AP22256070062... ", " AP22208815852... "]
Topics: ['世界', '新闻']
Keywords: ['世界', '新闻', '非洲']
Type: Article
 global warming(Peninsula TV Station)The headline news about climate change is rarely positive, but even according to this standard, the World Meteorological Organization(WMO)The latest global warming forecast announced in mid -May also marks a sad moment in the process of human civilization.
The World Meteorological Organization warned that in the next 5 years, the world's temperature may increase by more than 1.5 degrees Celsius (about 2.7) for the first time than industrialization.
Although the weather events predicted by the United Nations Meteorological Institution have captured the abnormal temperature peak, they are an ominous sign, which means that the world will realize the hopes of limiting the average temperature to 1.5 degrees Celsius by 2100.
However, the warning signal has existed for a while and is constantly increasing.
Barbecue is no longer the only smoke logo in early summer. The devastating wildfire is just like the raging wildfire of Canada earlier this month, indicating that the temperature rises frequently. At the same time, a cyclone like Bipgioy, who attacked in western India in mid -June, is seriously damaging at a increasing frequency.
According to the data provided by the independent research platform "Climate Action", after the eight years after the global leaders gathered in the suburbs of northeastern Paris, none of the countries can achieve the global temperature rise after 8 years. Limit the emission reduction target required at 1.5 degrees Celsius.
So, is it all destined to fail? Or do we still have hope? Is there any country that has done better than other countries than other countries to ease the worst impact of climate change on future generations? If the answer is yes, what do they do right?
In short, : Most developed countries are far behind their climate commitment. However, some developing countries such as Gambia, Costa Rica, Morocco, and Mali are taking bold measures to deal with the crisis -although the crisis is not caused by them, it often causes the most serious blow to them.
They are using solar energy for agricultural innovation and set an example for other countries. However, their journey also reveals the limitations of the battle alone in the northern country without really standing forward.
 On September 26, 2021, Mangroves of the River in the Sales Kunda Gambia. From 1988 to 2018, the coverage rate of mangroves in some areas of Gambia and Senegal increased by 51%(Associated Press)
Gambia's Strategy 
Enfamara Danpa still remembers the extreme weather incident he encountered for the first time, as if this happened yesterday.
That was in 1999, Tenpa, 10, stood on the balcony outside the house with his parents, siblings. A sudden thunderstorm and heavy rain attacked their villages located in Gambia, the smallest country in the African continent. This phenomenon is commonly known as "rain bombs". In it, because the walls of the house will collapse. "
The storm destroyed the roof of most houses around them. The walls of the building collapsed, and the falling trees blocked the road. Danpa's house was spared, but the fence was destroyed. The next morning, when he was wading, the scale of the disaster caused a greater blow to him: furniture, mattresses, clothes and books drifted along the flooded streets.
At present, Danpa is a research scientist and senior climate change consultant of the World Bank. When another "rain bomb" exploded in this West African country in July last year, and affecting nearly 40%of the population and led to thousands of people, he recalled Some of the original scenes.
Today, the country is not only at the forefront of the global climate crisis, but also strives to cope with its most destructive impact. In 2017, Danpa founded the HELP-Gambia to raise fiscal resources to support local disaster resistance, such as climate change awareness, adjusting agricultural practices to adapt to the changing weather model and support green enterprises, especially for green enterprises, especially It is the most vulnerable community in Gambia.
His initiative is one of the local movements of a series of similar climate -driven nationwide. These movements together make this West African country a rare and successful typical example of global response to climate change. In 2021, Gambia became the only country in the world to make a brief promise of climate change in Paris.
The core of Gambia's strategic strategy is the concept of agricultural and forestry. Traditionally, agriculture and forests are often regarded as competitors of land, and the increase in grain demand has led to felting in forest. On the other hand, agriculture and forestry involves the practice of land use of trees and forests. The country announced the national agricultural and forestry strategy in 2022, with the goal of restoring 7,000 hectares of degraded forests within 10 years.
This is based on the long -term reconstitution efforts, and Gambia has restored 6.6%of forest coverage from 1990 to 2005. Studies have also shown that the local mangrove coverage rate has increased by 51%, and this area between Gambia and Senegal from 1988 to 2018 effectively helps to curb erosion and reduce the strength of the flood. All of this is to reduce the country's net carbon emissions to net zero level by 2050.
As the state shown in "Rain Bouncing", the country pointed out in its long -term strategic documents that "Gambia has no choice."
 On November 4, 2016, the hot solar power plant in Morocgun Nur II Walzazart. Morocco is more and more supplying solar energy to Europe(Reuters)
solar energy 
In eastern Gambia, a much larger inland Mali is facing a power crisis: 83%of the country's population cannot use electricity.
Until recently, the country's solution was that the dispersed diesel power mini power grid (small generator set) was powered on to supply power in rural areas. Now, it is turning these networks into small solar grids.
In the international renewable energy agency(IRENA)And Abu Dhabi Development Foundation(ADFD)With the support of $ 9 million loans, the country has now deployed such a system. 4 MW Solar Mini Grid Systems aims to provide clean energy for 123,000 people in 32 villages. This can help Mali reduce 5,000 tons of carbon dioxide emissions -1,000 mini power grids can almost eliminate the country's carbon footprint.But this is not all. Tania Martha Thomas, a researcher at the International Organizational ChatobServate of Paris, which is headquartered in Paris, monitoring the climate and biological diversity trend, said that these solar micro -grids can store electricity in batteries for local use. This saves the labor time of thousands of women. In the past, they needed to travel long distances to take water, and now they can use electricity to pump water.
To north, Morocco is leading the Solar Revolution of North Africa. This revolution can not only meet the energy needs of the region, but also meet the energy needs of the Mediterranean coast and Europe. At this time, the war in Ukraine in Ukraine has disrupted oil and oil and oil and of the region. Natural gas supply.
Morocco's giant solar power plant has exported power to Spain through two submarine cables. Last year, as the Ukrainian war intensified, the country reached an agreement with the European Union to further increase exports. The largest new project that is about to launch involves laying the world's longest high -voltage submarine cable in order to transport solar energy from the Sahara Desert in Morocco through Portugal, Spain, and France, and transportation to Britain. Its goal is to meet the 8%of Britain's total energy demand on the occasion of 2030.
Egypt and Tunisia also want to export solar energy to Europe.
However, if the world really eliminates global warming, we need not just energy exports. Countries also need to learn how to reverse the edge of the disaster.
Costa Rica is a small country in Central America, and it can provide us with valuable lessons.
 On August 24, 2022, a frog climbed up to the branch of the forest in the suburbs of San Jose, Costa Rica. Costa Rica has become one of the countries with the highest forest cutting rate in the world in the 1980s, becoming a country centered on ecological tourism, and attracted many tourism enthusiasts around the world.(Associated Press)

Today, Costa Rica is often among the most environmentally friendly countries in the world.
But the situation is not always the case. In the 1940s, the country's nearly three -quarters of the country was covered by the rainforest. Later, the lumberist used the trees to get rich and want to destroy the land. By 1987, its forest coverage rate fell to only 21%.
Stanford University researcher Kelly Langhans told a reporter from the Peninsula, "This is a country with a superbly biodiversity, and it was once a model of environmental destruction."
Kelly said that in the past 35 years, the country has adopted "a set of innovative protection funds and policy mechanisms", which has made the country's reputation very different from before the 1980s. Today, these mechanisms have become a model of environmental policy makers.
Now, more than half of the country's forests are prosperous again. According to news from the "Climate Operation Tracking" platform, Costa Rica is one of the only nine countries that have adopted one of the "almost enough" countries to slow down climate change measures, and Morocco and Gambia are also on this list.
Based on a key policy to help achieve this huge transformation, Costa Rica pays the fees for communities and land owners who protect the environment (including trees coverage, biological diversity, and water cleaning). The funds of the plan are mainly taxed by fossil fuel.
Since 2014, the country has almost relied on renewable energy. More than 7%of all passenger cars are electric vehicles, which are higher than the United States, Canada and other countries in Latin America. Electric vehicles are exempted from taxation and import tariffs, and car owners can also enjoy a series of other benefits, including free parking at designated locations and exempting annual road licenses.
This impressive record enabled Lang Kelly and her colleagues to decide whether Costa Rica could better implement its re -afforestation strategy.
She also pointed out, "We know that Costa Rica is interested in re -afforestation, so we want to know how the country can determine the goal of the country's rejuvenation in the case of limited land and funds that protect the target. Region that provides the maximum benefits. "
She and her team discovered that the 10 -meter -width -wide area on the coast of Costa Rica (equivalent to nearly 1%of the total land area of the country) can significantly improve water quality by reducing sediments and reducing nitrogen and phosphorus pollution. In addition, it will help carbon sealing work, that is, the process of capturing carbon from the atmosphere.
Researchers have found that if these reassessment work is concentrated in areas where people rely on rivers to obtain drinking water, these results may be further enlarged.
However, if it is difficult to achieve climate change in response, it is difficult to maintain success -Gambia is learning this.
 On June 30, 2022, the Somalians who escaped the arid areas carried their property to the temporary camp of the displaced of the displacement in the suburbs of Mogadi(Associated Press)
Can't do it alone 
Many developing countries with growing development needs are striving to achieve its climatic goals alone, and extreme weather events have exacerbated this development demand.
As the only country that is considered to be in accordance with the goal of the Paris Agreement in 2015, as the only country that is considered to be the goal of the Paris Agreement in 2015, it has become a global headline news. It's almost enough. " Earlier, the country submitted the updated country's independent contribution plan, that is, the blueprint for reducing carbon emissions.
Such plans generally have two components. One of them lists things that the country can complete, and the other summarizes the measures that the country wants to take -but this will depend on international support. According to the "Climate Operation Tracking" platform, although Gambia's domestic efforts are still on the track of Paris's goals, it is backward at the plan that requires global help.
Because developed countries have not fulfilled their commitments to provide a $ 100 billion climate financing to developing countries each year -even if they have promised in 2009, according to the current assessment of the World Bank, it is required to be used for slowing and slowing each year. adapt.
At the same time, countries like Gambia must prepare for the future while dealing with the current crisis.
Danpa of the World Bank has previously served as the executive director of the Gambian National Disaster Administration. During his tenure, he paid close attention to how the extreme weather incidents caused casualties, destroying life, and leaving traces of destruction.
A study by Tanpa in 2020 concluded that most people who left the capital Banjohl, who left the country, belonged to climate immigrants.
He said, "Early studies showed that if the world average sea level rose only one meter, our capital Banzhuer would be submerged in 2100." It will lead to a comprehensive governance or the failure of the country. "
Banzhuer is not only the administrative center of Gambia, but also its economic center.Studies have shown that by 2050, as many as 86 million people in the southern African region of Sarah will be displaced by climate change in the country, and 19 million people will be lost in North Africa. Hurricane Fredi, who attacked southern Africa in March 2023 forced Malawi to relocate nearly 660,000 people.
Sama told the Peninsula TV reporter that without the help of the outside world, fragile African countries will be difficult to cope with the impact of climate change, and they have almost no historical responsibility -no matter how they try to use limited domestic resources.
Danpa also agrees with this view. At present, financial support from the international level can be ignored. He also said, "The estimated cost of the rainstorm incident in July 2022 exceeded the total climate financing received by Gambia in 2018."
Danpa pointed out, "For those who are particularly affected by climate disasters, climate compensation or financing is not development assistance or charity." "This is our moral obligation."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/6/27/%e5%9c%b0%e7%90%83%e6%ad%a3%e5%9c%a8%e7%87%83%e7%83%a7%e5%8d%97%e6%96%b9%e5%9b%bd%e5%ae%b6%e8%83%bd%e6%8b%af%e6%95%91%e5%ae%83%e5%90%97 
The deadline for negotiating with IMF is approaching, and Pakistan's endangered debt defaults (Free Version) 
Author: Frances Yoon
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T09:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T08:18:00.000Z
Description: Investors of Pakistan bonds are nervously focusing on the last efforts of the country to obtain IMF loans.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Investors of Pakistan bonds are nervously paying attention to the country to obtain the International Monetary Fund(IMF)The last effort to make the loan.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%8Eimf%E8%B0%88%E5%88%A4%E7%9A%84%E6%88%AA%E6%AD%A2%E6%9C%9F%E9%99%90%E4%B8%B4%E8%BF%91-%E5%B7%B4%E5%9F%BA%E6%96%AF%E5%9D%A6%E6%BF%92%E4%B8%B4%E5%80%BA%E5%8A%A1%E8%BF%9D%E7%BA%A6-d476e603 
Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Market both collect red 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T09:32:10+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 27th) Hong Kong and Shanghai stock markets both accepted red today, mainly due to market optimism that authorities will take measures to revitalize the Chinese economy, but investors also continue to pay attention to the development of the situation after Russia broke out last weekend.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Hong Kong stock market Hang Seng Index rose 354.00 points, or 1.88%, at 19148.13.
The comprehensive index of Shanghai Stock Exchange rose 38.82 points, or 1.23%, at 3189.44 points; the Shenzhen Stock Exchange's comprehensive index rose 27.05 points, or 1.35%, at 2029.98 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230627-%E4%B8%8A%E6%B5%B7%E9%A6%99%E6%B8%AF%E8%82%A1%E5%B8%82%E5%8F%8C%E5%8F%8C%E6%94%B6%E7%BA%A2 
Trump was heard in the audio discussing Iran's secret documents 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-27T09:38:16
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:38:16
Description: It is reported that the tape in 2021 is reported to be a key evidence for the federal cases of the former President of the United States.
Images: [" 1-1687858008.jpg ", " 2-1687858019.jpg ", " 3-1687858037.jpg "]
Topics: ['唐纳德·特朗普', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['唐纳德·特朗普', '政治', '新闻', '美国']
Type: Article
 After the federal court was tried, Trump boarded a private jet at Miami International Airport in early June(Associated Press)The US media released a recording, which is said to be a former President Donald Trump at a meeting in 2021 to brag about having a confidential document.
On Monday, June 26, the United States CNN (CNN) first broadcast the recording of nearly two minutes for the first time. Trump admitted that he did not decrypt the document before he stepped down.
According to reports, the conversation took place at the Bedminster Golf Club in New Jersey, and the object of speaking was two staff members, a publisher and a new book that was about to publish.
 Trump attended a event in New Jersey after being tried in secret documents.(Reuters)It is said that in the recording, Trump is talking about a secret document he holds the Pentagon, which plans to attack Iran and quote the chairman of the co -chief of staff Mark Milly.
According to media reports, some people heard Trump said, "Well, for example, Mili, let me see. Let me give you an example."
He said, "He said that I want to attack Iran, isn't this amazing? I have a lot of files. This thing has just appeared, you see. It is it. They show me this file."
According to the text record, Trump said, "This is like a secret secret. This is the secret information. Look, see this. You attack and then ..."
 Trump "refused to plead guilty" in the historic trial of the former president
Trump said, "You see, as president, I can decrypt, but now I can't do it, you know. But this is very classic. This is not very interesting? This is so cool."
At some point in the recording, I heard Trump said: "You may not believe me, but now you believe me. This is incredible."
In the indictment of Trump's assistant Walter Norto, special prosecutor Jack Smith cited a recording of a meeting as evidence.
Trump claims to recording "illegal leak" 
Trump refused to plead guilty of the 37 charges proposed by the federal prosecutor on June 14, which was related to his recording of confidential government records after his steps down.
On June 19, he said that the recording timing document was not at the scene.
After the recording was released, Trump criticized Smith on his social media platform.
He said, "Jack Smith, a special prosecutor with mental chaos, cooperated with the Department of Justice and the Federal Investigation Bureau to illegally leaked and" made up 'my tapes and text records. What you believe. "
He wrote: "This continuous political persecution is another scam for interference elections. They are scammers and mobs!"
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/27/%e7%89%b9%e6%9c%97%e6%99%ae%e5%9c%a8%e9%9f%b3%e9%a2%91%e4%b8%ad%e8%a2%ab%e5%90%ac%e5%88%b0%e8%ae%a8%e8%ae%ba%e4%bc%8a%e6%9c%97%e7%a7%98%e5%af%86%e6%96%87%e4%bb%b6 
Teaching by Qin Gang? New Zealand Foreign Minister: Face Discussion 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T09:55:00Z
Description: Australian media reported that when New Zealand Foreign Minister Malhota talked with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang during his visit to China in March this year, he received the latter's "long -term lesson". Malhota responded that it was a "straightforward" discussion.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['新西兰']
Keywords: ['新西兰', '秦刚', '外长', '希普金斯', '访华', '战狼外交']
Id: 66042442
Malhota met in Beijing (March 24, 2023)
(Voice of Germany Chinese) New Zealand Foreign Minister Nanaiamahuta said on Tuesday (month 27) that she had a "straightforward and powerful" discussion with Chinese foreign minister Qin Gang earlier. It was a senior management of the two government governments during the preparation of New Zealand Prime Minister's visit to China.
According to the "Australian News" previously quoted people familiar with the matter, Malhota visited Beijing in March this year meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang During the period, he was taught by "the teachings of the long story" and "the instructions of the toe", which reflects the tension between New Zealand and its largest trading partner China.
People familiar with the matter revealed that the New Zealand female foreign minister was "taught for an hour" by Qin Gang, but Malhota did not show weakness, but refuted Qin Gang's "War Wolf" statement.
"What I want to say is that the way China expresses its interests is very confident." Malhota herself told media reporters on Tuesday that she described her meeting with Qin Gang as "very straightforward." She said: "We can get the fact that the invitation to visit China for the Prime Minister reflects the nature of the (two countries) relationship and reflects the maturity of this relationship. access."
Malhota did not explain the topic discussed during the meeting in this week's interview.
However, in an interview with Qin Gang after meeting with Qin Gang that she mentioned to the Chinese side the "challenging issue", including human rights issues and concerns about the situation in Taiwan. Malhota said that she discussed with the other party's human rights issues, Hong Kong's freedom, and China's influence in the Pacific region: "We have a lot of places to reach consensus. We also discussed some challenging issues. In those opinions An inconsistent place, such as human rights issues, discussed. "
New Zealand Prime Minister Hipkins (Data Map): Do not agree to call Xi Jinping as "dictatorship"
When Prime Minister visits China 
New Zealand Prime Minister Chrishipkins arrived in China on Monday for visit. On Tuesday, he attended the event of the Fourteenth New Leader of the World Economic Forum (the Summer Davos Forum) at the World Economic Forum. Later that day, he would meet with Chinese leaders Xi Jinping. In addition, Hipkins will also meet with Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang and Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Zhao Leji.
Before the visit, Hipkins was response In the remarks of the US President Biden, Xi Jinping said that he did not agree with this statement. "The form of Chinese government is a matter of the Chinese people," he told reporters.
New Zealand has always adopted a more gentle attitude towards security partners than neighboring Australia or other five -eye alliances. During the epidemic, China and New Zealand signed an upgraded version of the Free Trade Agreement (FTA). In November last year, Jacindaardern, the former Prime Minister of Hipkins, met with Xi Jinjin. Chinese leaders also mentioned New Zealand in New Zealand. Independent foreign policy.
The members of the New Zealand delegation who visited Hipkins included the representatives of some large companies in the country. At a regular press conference of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs on the 27th, spokesman Mao Ning said that China and New Zealand are important partners and are willing to compete with each other. , Promote greater development of relations between the two countries.
(Reuters, Australian News, Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/被秦刚教训？新西兰外长：直面讨论/a-66042442?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-27T09:58:01
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:51:40
Description: According to reports, Russia has revoked a criminal lawsuit against the Wagner Group that tried to launch a rebellion last weekend. The Russian Ministry of Defense stated that the organization would transfer Moscow's military equipment to its military equipment.
Images: [" 2023-03-31T10... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯']
Type: Article
 Belarusian President Lukashenko delivered a speech on Parliament and the whole country in Minsk(Reuters)* According to official media reports, Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko confirmed that the leader of Wagner Group, Eveni Porigo, is currently in Belarus. * Lukashenko said, "We provide them with an abandoned military base." He refers to the exile Wagner armed personnel -according to the agreement he promoted, these armed personnel were allowed to live in Belarus.
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/6/27/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-369 
Directly hit Summer Davos: Top Ten Emerging Technology in 2023 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T09:58:32+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T05:53:99+08:00
Description: The Tianjin Summer Davos Forum released the "Top Ten Emerging Technology Reports of the 2023", which lists the top ten technologies that have the most potential potential on the world, such as flexible batteries, generating artificial intelligence, and so on.
Images: [" 000185725_pic... "]
Themes: ['夏季达沃斯', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '人工智能', '电池', '科技']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
On June 27, 2023, at the Tianjin Summer Davos Forum, the World Economic Forum announced its annual breakthrough technology list and released the "Top Ten Emerging Technology Report 2023". The report lists the top ten technologies that have the most potential potential on the world, namely flexible batteries, generated artificial intelligence and sustainable aviation fuel, engineering phage, Yuan universe that improves mental health, wearable plant sensors, space organizational science , Flexible neuroscience, sustainable calculation, artificial intelligence -assisted medical treatment. Jeremyjurgens, executive director of the World Economic Forum and head of the Fourth Industrial Revolution Center, said that "Top Ten emerging technologies will subvert industries, promote economic growth, improve life, and protect the earth. Of course, these technologies can be responsible for responsibility Ground design, extension and application. "
According to the "Top Ten Emerging Technical Reports of 2023", traditional rigid batteries may soon be outdated, because thin flexible batteries made from bending, folded and stretched light materials are about to enter the market. This new generation of battery technology is expected to reach a market value of US $ 240 million by 2027. It will have application prospects in the fields of medical wearable equipment, biomedical sensors, flexible display and smart watches.
In the field of generating artificial intelligence, the ChatGPT released by the American OPENAI company at the end of 2022 has aroused widespread public attention. ChatGPT can generate new original content by learning large -scale data collection. At present, generating artificial intelligence is developing rapidly, and it will cause disruptive changes in many industries such as education and research. Angelawu, an associate professor of the Department of Life Sciences and Chemistry and Biological Engineering of the University of Science and Technology of Hong Kong, told the FT Chinese website at the Summer Davos Forum, "When we discuss whether ChatGPT will replace a certain job, you should consider that any technology has it. Both sides are not just the risk of replacing human work. Any AI technology has this possibility. "
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100091 
Column | Reporter Time: Can I enter Hong Kong safely? After 3 years of the National Security Law of Hong Kong, the silent expansion of the "Taiwanese blacklist" 
Author: 文／张镇宏、李雪莉、李易安
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T10:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T10:11:51-04:00
Description: Wen / Zhang Zhenhong, Li Xueli, Li Yian
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Three years after the "National Security Law" in Hong Kong, did the Taiwanese go to Hong Kong as "political security" as before? The picture shows the Hong Kong International Airport on December 28, 2022. Agence France-Presse information picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/baodaozheshijian/mrpt 06262023104253.html/@stream When China has launched the "new iron curtain" step by step, is Taiwanese still "political security" in Hong Kong? July 1, 2023 is the 3rd anniversary of the Hong Kong version of the "National Security Law", and it is also the effective date for China's "Anti -Spy Law" to expand the crime. Although Hong Kong is actively reopening to the world in the post -epidemic era, it is still inevitable affected by the pressure of China ’s double social monitoring -among them, many Taiwanese scholars who have long been in Hong Kong and have no political current affairs in the research field have specifically felt that the recent" The increase in the pressure on Taiwan Black List, not only one person was detained by the Hong Kong police after arriving in Hong Kong, and was "political inquiry" under the state of banning communication.
But who are particularly needed to pay attention to the safety of going to Hong Kong? In the absence of suspicion of going to Hong Kong, how should the research, publishing, and reports of Hong Kong's research, publishing, and reports be carried out? How will China affect the future and definition of "Hong Kong Studies" when the exchanges in Taiwan have decreased? ****
Taiwanese scholars who consider "not sensitive" have been brought into the small black house by the Hong Kong police 
Before the Hong Kong police officer was excused, R may never think of his research, speech or personal background, and had a day when the Hong Kong government was threatened by the Hong Kong government. As an international qualified Taiwanese scholar, Hong Kong is like R's second hometown. He has taught here many years ago. The specialty of the specialty is not directly related to the current politics of Hong Kong. In mid -2019, when Hong Kong's anti -sending China movement began, he traveled to and from Taiwan, Hong Kong, and occasionally followed the parade to the streets. For the news of Hong Kong's social dynamics.
However, at the beginning of this year, R, which had originally planned to visit Hong Kong academic visits, was detained by the Customs Entry Department of the Hong Kong Airport. He was first brought to the small room in the small room to ask and searched by a person wearing an inbound police vest. Then he came in a man and a woman. document.
For R, the whole situation is ridiculous. The wall of the small room was announced by "You can contact relatives and friends without violating official duties, and you can ask a lawyer", but he was banned from using his mobile phone during the detention. Because I have taught in Hong Kong, R still continued to have academic connections with local professors in recent years, and also continued to guide Hong Kong students. The connection of these connections seems to be the focus of doubt in Hong Kong authorities. The 6 -hour inquiry process is mainly on a few questions, including: "Who knows in Hong Kong" and "During the work in Hong Kong, do you have any salary / who work for free?"
In addition to the customs police officer, there are also plainclothes in and out. They come back and forth in the small room, as if they continue to ask for a superior, although there is no suspicious clue from R. Essence During the repatriation, he took a prison car with an iron fence. "This is the first time in my life to take a prison car. Nine people stare at me, making me like terrorists." R recalled.
In the past three years, among 8 major universities in Hong Kong, many university professors have left Hong Kong, especially in the humanities and social fields. R is one of them. But he always hopes that he can freely enter and exit Hong Kong, after all, he is not doing sensitive political research. Although the repatriation beyond his expectations, he said that the whole process was not nervous, but he was helpless. He was glad to hear the suggestions of friends who were doing research in China and Hong Kong. Before going to Hong Kong, he only brought an empty mobile phone. At least there was no more communication materials and privately intercepted.
R still want to step on the red line by stepping on the red line before R, before the Hong Kong government is included in the blacklist, but he decided not to go to Hong Kong within at least 3 or 5 years. "If they use the extension of the war to ask Can you persist? Will it be swallowed? I really don’t know. "
On November 19, 2021, the Guangzhou -Shenzhen -Hong Kong High -speed Railway Hong Kong West Kowloon Station was conducting cross -departmental anti -terrorism TigerPace (TigerPace), a "extremist" of the police arrested the entry in the customs. (Photography / Bertha Wang / AFP) China and Hong Kong have continued to be tight internal pressure, and more than one person in Taiwanese scholars interrogated by the Hong Kong police 
R's experience is not a misunderstanding or a single case. According to the interview with the "Reporter", several Taiwanese scholars have been pulled into the small black house of Hong Kong Airport in the past two years, making political backgrounds and interrogation on the Internet in Hong Kong. Some of these cases were repatriated by the original machine, but some people were released into the country after handling the itinerary and interpersonal relationships in Hong Kong.
Since the umbrella movement in 2014, the Hong Kong government has a "blacklist" for democratic people in Taiwan. Researcher Wu Jiemin and others were signed in Hong Kong in 2017 -therefore unable to enter Hong Kong. However, the recent cases including R, the objects are young scholars who cannot directly think of the democratic movement. This is obviously different from the logic of the Hong Kong Government's past only targeting the "leader" and "opinion leaders".
Because the Taiwanese are repatriated in foreign countries, and will not leave a special record or return mechanism in Taiwan's entry and exit, how often does the Taiwanese have encountered "political reasons" in Hong Kong? What are the characteristics of the "high risk goal" explained by the Hong Kong police? The outside world is still unknown.(Note: The representative office of the Taiwan station in Hong Kong is managed by the MAC and the name of the resident in Hong Kong is "Taipei Economic and Cultural Office". Since 2018, the Hong Kong government has been on the grounds that the Taiwan MAC refuses to sign the "one China commitment letter" as a letter. , Stop issuing or updating the visa of the Taiwan delegation in Hong Kong, so when the last Taiwanese official stationed in Hong Kong expired on July 30, 2021, there is no Taiwanese representative in Hong Kong in Hong Kong. It can only be operated by more than 40 Hong Kong -based appointment workers. But after the Hong Kong version of the "National Security Law", all walks of life are also worried about the safety of Hong Kong employees in Taiwan's representative offices. It is more difficult to make public statements.)
In the past six months, Taiwan's academic circles, media communities and publishing circles have closely evaluated the risks of Taiwanese people to Hong Kong. Because at the end of March this year, Fucha (name Li Yanhe), the editor -in -chief of Taiwan's "Eight Flag" Publishing House, was arrested in China and in Shanghai. China is investigating him for "inciting the crime of splitting the country"; at the same time, a study study in Japan When Hong Kong college students returned to Hong Kong at the end of March to update their ID card, they were anonymous to "Guoan WeChat" because of the online message during studying in Japan, and were arrested by the Hong Kong Police Guoan Office with the National Security Law.
The two cases of Fucha and Hong Kong students in Japan have made Taiwan's academic circles particularly nervous, because although the two parties still have Chinese and Hong Kong status, the "place of the crime" charged with the charges of the two is not in China and Hong Kong. Whether this represents the Chinese government is trying to use the "long arm jurisdiction" of the National Security Law -no matter what your nationality and location are, as long as you are suspected of violating the "National Security Law", China and Hong Kong have the right to release you wanted to you want And even pressure the third country to extradite criminal responsibilities -test the response of the international community? Even threatening the safety and freedom of overseas scholars, journalists and publishers, forcing self -examination of Chinese research and speech?
These signals not only make the Taiwan academic circles stress. In the academic exchanges with the humanities and social fields, "do you dare to enter China and Hong Kong for research?" It has also become a popular opening brilliance for scholars in various countries and sharing anxiety.
On June 4, 2023, the people of Taiwan supported Liu Jiayi, a graduate student of Hong Kong University of Taiwan, who was arrested by the Hong Kong police in Hong Kong due to public mourning the Tiananmen incident. (Photography / Yang Zilei) At present, it is the repatriation, but it cannot be guaranteed how long the "current" can be maintained 
"As far as I know, (for overseas scholars), unless I have been accused of felony, it is currently at most that it has been rejected by Hong Kong." "Said:" Although the National Security Law brings the obstacles (Gets in Theway ", bringing some Chinese elements into the law of Hong Kong, but the" National Security Law "will basically not play a role like turning at the airport (PLAY" (PLAY "(PLAY" (PLAY " in). ".
Mai Gaoden said that he understood many Taiwanese scholars to have doubts about going to Hong Kong, but he reminded everyone that "there is no need to panic." Because so far, Hong Kong has not arrested foreign people (Note), including Taiwanese, including the National Security Law. Moreover, the Hong Kong government is still very concerned about the signboard of "internationalization of education talents". Freedom and personal safety are still relatively guaranteed. Therefore, in addition to involving the discussion of Hong Kong's independence and the current political status of China and Hong Kong, he needs to pay special attention. He believes that the differences between the education site and academic seminars are not very different from before the National Security Law.
(Note: Here is a specially born in Hong Kong and China. Those who have never held Hong Kong and Chinese citizens. Because Li Zhiying, who is charged with the Guoan Law, is a multiple nationality, and holds British citizenship at the same time. However, it is not recognized by the Hong Kong Government and the Chinese government as a "foreigner.).)
However, Mai Gogade also emphasized that this was just his own "personal experience", which did not mean that he could predict political conditions. For example, after the umbrella movement, Mai Gaodon can still be free to enter China for research, "but now I won't go to China, because they may not let you come out."
"Of course, I have retired, and it is a white man. These may be the reason why I am relatively optimistic. If I am just an assistant professor today, will I worry? If I am a Chinese or Chinese, would I worry about Mai Gaoden said, "I think I may really worry."
On October 19, 2022, the Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao made a speech on the "Hong Kong Talent Outflow Crisis" in the Legislative Council. Under the ruling framework of China's "Patriot Governing Hong Kong", Hong Kong's social surveillance and political censorship has become increasingly serious and seriously harmed international competitiveness. (Photography / Vernonyuen / AP Photo) In contrast to Mai Gaoden's observation, it is another professor who has teaching experience in China and Hong Kong. "I can't understand why anyone still thinks that Hong Kong has space? From my scene, 'China and Hong Kong The fusion 'is already equal to the completion formula, and there is no difference in politics in both sides. "
For example, in April of this year, the Chinese University passed the Anti -Spy Law will expand from July 1st, and China would immediately conduct a wave of high adjustments to journalists and corporate auditors; but at the same time, Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao and the Chief of Law of the Law of the Law Lin Dingguo also took advantage of the wind direction of Beijing, and the high -profile commitment to complete the "Article 23 of the Basic Law" legislation, which has completed the extremely controversial and in the past, has triggered a large -scale demonstration in Hong Kong. It has been crimes in control of the state power, and it is necessary to further crack down on "stealing national secrets", "prohibiting overseas political organizations or groups in Hong Kong activities" and "prohibiting Hong Kong local political organizations from connecting to overseas groups" to make up for China -Hong Kong and Hong Kong between China and Hong Kong. The "Guoan Vulnerability", which threatens the stability of the Chinese regime, conducts more comprehensive and in -depth high -pressure banning.
W believes that it is difficult for Hong Kong to avoid "Mainland" and the management and control mode towards Chinese society -and under political incentives, this process may accelerate. As the passing American Sinologist Philip A.kuhn described in "Calling the Soul", officials at all levels are the pursuit of Powu Said and promoted. As a result, it is difficult to expected, especially as a new place for the new recovery. Taiwan reporters interview Hong Kong's risk level? 
The CEDRICALVIANI (left) and the initiative Aleksandra Bielakowsk, CEDRICALVIANI (left), interviewed by the Reporters Sans Frontière. (Photography / Huang Shize) 
In addition to the risk of entering Hong Kong in Hong Kong, the "journalist" reported in Hong Kong is the most direct group of threats to the blacklist. In the past, Hong Kong was an international news center in Asia, and it was also the first springboard for global media to report in China. However, after the "National Security Law" passed, the international media represented by the New York Times successively reduced the scale of the resident team in Hong Kong. Even the interviews between Taiwanese reporters entering and leaving Hong Kong also have obvious security.
"We can't propose any accurate indicators to evaluate whether foreign journalists will encounter danger in Hong Kong -because the Chinese government has always said it (Arbitrary)." Reportersans Frontière East Asian office (CEDRICALVIANI) analyzed the "Reporter": "The Hong Kong version of the" National Security Law "is just an excuse for the persecution of the authoritarian government. Laws suitable for the world will not create some very vague definitions to define the object of law enforcement. "
"But the" National Security Law "in Hong Kong is fuzzy that it can cover everything -that is not the law, but the Parody of the law, and there is no predictive at all," said Ai Weiang.
"But we still have some" risk signals' judgment clues. For example, if a reporter's risk is really high, then you will first see that the Chinese government releases information, as if posted on social media to attack attacks on attacks on community media This reporter, or a large number of private messages influx into the reporter's account or mailbox. With the habit of the Chinese government, it usually has such a scary attitude before arresting reporters. "
Ai Weiang believes that the threat of the blacklist encountered by journalists in Hong Kong is mainly divided into three risks: the most dangerous first category is Hong Kong citizens. They cannot be protected by any external forces in the suppression of the National Security Law. The second category of risk levels is Taiwanese interviewed in Hong Kong and China. The third category is Chinese with foreign nationalities.
"Since the Chinese government believes that they have jurisdiction over Taiwan, arrested and detained some Taiwanese journalists or political commentators in Hong Kong, they can also let them express the political propaganda of 'Taiwan is the territory of China." The more dangerous category, I think it is a media person with Chinese ancestry. From the cases of the Chinese government's treatment of Chenglei, Yang Hengjun, and Li Zhiying, the Chinese government has stated that they will put people with Chinese blood in their jurisdiction scope. Inside, even those people have foreign passports. "
Non -Borders reporters emphasized that no reporters have been imprisoned in Hong Kong three years ago; today in Hong Kong, there are currently 13 reporters or free press defenders in Hong Kong. Many reporters have decided to leave Hong Kong, because it is quite dangerous to describe the current situation that Hong Kong is happening. But as of so far, except for a case -a Japanese photographer has been arrested for several hours at the Hong Kong Airport for a few hours, which is the only case in the past three years -no other foreign journalists, including Taiwanese, are not yet included in Taiwanese people. Hong Kong was arrested.
How to evaluate and self -protection in field research and academic exchanges? 
Lin Zonghong, director of the Contemporary China Research Center of Tsinghua University, admits that there is no way to determine a set of SOPs arrested in China and Hong Kong in China and Hong Kong. The law of empirical is no longer useful. (Photography / Yang Zilei) 
"It is impossible to judge 'Hong Kong's Political Red Line'. It is also meaningless." Lin Zonghong, director of the Contemporary China Research Center of Tsinghua University, who has been studying, academic interaction and personal experience in Hong Kong, explained to the "Reporter" explaining : "The authoritarian government will not make people clarify the scale of the red line, because this is the best way to spread fear and facilitate rule."
Lin Zonghong said that in the past six months, the Taiwanese academic community has actually fallen into a dilemma. On the one hand, because of the end of the epidemic and opening up and open foreign people in the early years of the year of China and Hong Kong, many field research and academic exchanges should have been used to have a re -contact. Opportunities; but on the other hand, the political pressure under Xi Jinping's rule, in fact, does not decrease and increase after the epidemic prevention. There are sensitive issues in the society, and Taiwanese researchers can only step by step -to some extent, they can only "test the method by body" to some extent. See the trick -did not judge your own risk level, or whether it was included in the blacklist.
In the field studies in China and Hong Kong, Qingda usually gives students some simple self -protection reminders. For example, when students want to enter and exit China and Hong Kong, they should try to avoid strangers at the field scene as much as possible. It is also best to clean the mobile phone and computer, or bring a "clean" device that has not connected to personal social networks and sensitive research materials. Even if you carry a clean dedicated mobile phone, you should cancel the digital passwords, graphics locks and face recognition of general mobile phones, and use the "self -order British password" that is more difficult to be cracked by interrogators to avoid data leakage.
If being detained by the police, the most important thing is to keep calm, you must not acknowledge any crimes, and don't mess up the name materials of others. "If you don't know, you don't know. Instead, it will make you fall into injustice and be more difficult to get away. "In other top international academic units, will there be a more comprehensive mechanism to evaluate the risks of China and Hong Kong? Elifriedman, an associate professor of Sociology, Auxiliary Professor of the Chinese Social Movement and conducted a field survey in China for a long time, has admitted to "Reporter": "Although Cornell University claims to be the most complete The risk management department, but in the face of blacklist and political persecution, it is basically useless (Useless) -they will only see the State Council's risk -level evaluation of a certain area, but that risk is mainly for the factors of war, social instability or epidemic situation. The main indication is a immediately dangerous danger caused by health. "
"Compared to risk assessment guidelines, I think academic institutions should clearly express their promises. 'If the staff happens, we will provide support.'" Fu Qingshan said: "But I am a little worried, universities in American universities will not make public public disclosure. In this way, because my university and most large universities in the United States have important interests in China. "
Fu Qingshan particularly emphasized that compared with foreigners, the risks and pressures assumed by Hong Kong people are actually even more dangerous: "Researchers not only care about their own safety when thinking about risks, but also worry about the objects that endanger our interviews -because now now The most dangerous group of scholars in the situation is Hong Kong people or Hong Kong residents who have studied the Hong Kong issue (HONGKONGISSSUES) — no one wants to make friends and colleagues in Hong Kong in trouble. But this is how the Chinese government operates, such as Xinjiang, in Xinjiang, and Just connect with foreigners, it may make people get trouble. This is why I deliberately cautiously, I haven't contacted Hong Kong or Chinese friends for a long time. "
Silently insisted on the fire stolen: from the Rebirth Human Rights News Award to the Hong Kong Research Group in various places 
After Xi Jinping took office in 2013, China was tightening rapidly. For many people, Chinese society has already been "red line everywhere." However, after the social resistance and epidemic in Hong Kong in just three years, Hong Kong caused more than 100,000 people to immigrate to leave Hong Kong. In the one country, the two systems and two systems, there were various aspects of "system replacement".
However, in addition to the continued increase in political risks of some Taiwanese scholars entering Hong Kong, Hong Kong's academic research bases and news reports are encountering possible "copying crisis", which also makes scholars and journalists extremely anxious.
For example, the "Human Right Pressawards", hosted by the Hong Kong Foreign Press Conference (FCC), was temporarily canceled due to the FCC "afraid of violating the national security law" in the past 2022; The NGO Human Rights Watch (HRW) and the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and MassCommunication, the University of Arizona, were received and resumed. However, alone is the registration, review, and behind -the -scenes operation of the 2023 Human Rights Journal Award, which shows that the post -National Security Times Media's thin ice for Hong Kong.
The 2023 Human Rights News Awards mechanism adopted the "full anonymous jury" independent operation method. The judge members did not know each other's true identities, and there was no way to contact the exchange or the opportunity to discuss the judge. On behalf of the organizer's human rights observation, MEFONG explained to the "Reporter": "Adopting a full anonymous and non -contact method of evaluation is actually the security requirements put forward by the judges to the conference."
"We did not ask or disclose the personal background or security details of individual judges. But I believe everyone understands that in many countries in Asia, 'Reporting News' is a difficult career with a high risk and great security threat. "Fang Fengmei has had a wealth of interview experience in China and Hong Kong in the past, and has won the Priced News Award. She understands the dilemma encountered by the first -line reporters -like HRW has been blocked by China, and her support for democratic movement and freedom of speech. It is also regarded by the Hong Kong Government as an unpopular overseas organization. Many Hong Kong journalists and media institutions hope to "anonymous newspapers", because alone have a relationship with HRW, they may be chased by the National Security Law.
Human rights observation and spreading MEFONG said in an interview with the "Reporter" video, "In many countries in Asia, 'Reporting News' is a difficult career with a high risk and great security threat." (Photography / Huang Shize) "Repeating Human Rights News Awards is the result of many people's use of methods and doing their best. We just don't want to let this news value disappear like this," Fang Fengmei said. Finally, the Hong Kong Human Rights News Award in 2023 was announced online to avoid the risks caused by the entity awards.
"The risk of foreign media in Hong Kong does exist," Ai Weiang believes, "Taiwan media and journalists must be prepared for possible risks. For example, from the perspective of media institutions Make China -Hong Kong interview teams more international, so as to diversify diplomatic risks. "
However, Ai Weiang also emphasized: "This does not mean that all reporters in the media world should self -censorship or deliberately avoid China or Hong Kong because of the" National Security Law ". . We cannot easily abandon Hong Kong because of the threat of the National Security Law, which is equivalent to the purpose of allowing China to formulate the National Security Law. ","
In the Cold War of the 20th century, the Communist Party of China had been locked for a long time, and the geographical location was close to the academic atmosphere, and Hong Kong, which was close to the academic atmosphere, and interacted with China, became a glimpse of the Chinese springboard for scholars in various countries. "Global town. However, as Hong Kong sovereignty is transferred to China, after the implementation and suppression of the "National Security Law" in the Hong Kong version of the Hong Kong version of the "National Security Law" is also famous, how to continue the accumulation of past China research and preserve the real history of Hong Kong in Hong Kong. The important task of racing -the "Hong Kong Research Theme Group" established by the Chinese Academy of Society this year, which is one of the Noah's Ark for the inheritance of Hong Kong learning in the world.
"We may have to build a Hong Kong overseas collection land, just like the Chinese Research Center of the Chinese University of Hong Kong," said Lin Zonghong. With Hong Kong's democratic politics and civil society, it has been completely suppressed by the National Security Law. The museum and large bookstores are used to remove sensitive books, or the Hong Kong Government's entry into the court to apply for a ban on the dissemination of the song "I wish to return to Hong Kong". Out of profit.Lin Zonghong said that the purpose of the Hong Kong research theme group is not only transferred to Hong Kong's democratic resistance and political research, but also the "Hong Kong" systematically backup of academic research institutions around the world -though the Hong Kong government continues to continue in the Hong Kong government, the Hong Kong Government continues to continue Now that the blacklist is expanding the blacklist, all academic research may become "sensitive information identified by the National Security Law" overnight, but Provences from all over the world are still stepping on the mottled political red line. Silently continued to stole fire, trying to avoid the history of being deliberately transformed becoming the only memory of the next generation of Hong Kong people's unswerving and challenges.
In April 2022, the "National Security Education Day" of the year in Hong Kong, Victoria Harbor was posted on a patriotic propaganda board. (Photography / Isaac Lawrence / AFP) ※ This report is co -produced by the "Reporter" and the Chinese Department of Liberty Asia (RFA). _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/baodaozheshijian/mrpt-06262023104253.html 
Gourda Mara presidential candidate Albalo said that he will fight corruption 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T10:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T09:50:01+00:00
Description: (French Xinhe Gourd City Mara City, 27th) Gumida Malan presidential candidate Albalo will come out in the first round of the presidential election of the presidential election yesterday. S.. The first task of Arebalo announced today that he would fight for corruption.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Bernardo Arevalo told AFP at the end of the celebration rally held by the CONSTITUTIONSQURE in the Capital Constitution that "we will not be able to save the system required for national development."
The 64 -year -old Arebalo also said that Guadimara "needs honesty and decent to achieve development."
Arraball ranked 8th in the pre -election poll, but accidentally ranked 2nd in the first round of voting. He and his former first lady Sandratorress also meant that Guati Mara would welcome For the first left -wing leader for more than ten years.
According to the voting result that was almost completed this morning, Toris, the ex -wife of the former president Alvarocolom, was about 15.8%in yesterday's election. 12%.
The first round of election voting rate is very low and the proportion of invalid votes is high, because only a small number of Gua Malan still has hope, and believes that the next president is expected to solve problems such as serious poverty, violence and corruption.
However, Arebalo's voting yesterday made many people in Maghi rekindle hope. The voting results also caused heated discussion on the work field, cafes, restaurants, bus and taxis. Albalo's father was Hu An, former President of Reform. Heati. Juanjose arevalo.
"We are very excited and passionate, and we have touched the people's hope. People have standing up to support us, and they have given us unprecedented support. With such hope and support, we will save our system. "
"We will win the second round of elections, and we will give our country the future instead of being caught in the mud in the past 20 years."
He also said, "After what happened yesterday, I was convinced (I will win). We know we are walking on the right path."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E7%93%9C%E5%9C%B0%E9%A9%AC%E6%8B%89%E6%80%BB%E7%BB%9F%E5%80%99%E9%80%89%E4%BA%BA%E9%98%BF%E9%9B%B7%E5%B7%B4%E6%B4%9B-%E7%9F%A2%E8%A8%80%E5%B0%86%E6%89%93%E5%87%BB%E8%B4%AA%E8%85%90 
At the time of the US Airlines' mother -in -law, China pushed China to cooperate with the Vietnamese military 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T10:25:00Z
Description: Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu said in Beijing with Pan Wenjiang, Vietnam's National Defense Minister Pan Wenjiang, that "China and Vietnam should continue to work together and unite together in the new journey of socialism."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['中美关系']
Keywords: ['中越', '李尚福', '潘文江', '中美', '南海冲突', '美国航母']
Id: 66042625
China Defense Secretary Li Shangfu
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) Chinese State Councilor and Minister of Defense Li Shangfu said on Tuesday (June 27) in Beijing with Pan Wenjiang, Vietnam's National Defense Minister in Beijing that China is willing to go with Vietnam to strengthen communication and cooperation between the two armies.
According to a press release issued by the Ministry of National Defense, Li Shangfu emphasized that the current international situation has become chaotic, and the security of the Asia -Pacific region still faces some challenges. "China and Vietnam should continue to work together and unite together in the new socialist journey to safeguard the common strategic interests of the two countries. Make positive contributions to regional peace and stability. "
Li Shangfu told Pan Wenjiang that the relationship between the two armed forces between China and the Vietnam was developing well, and China was willing to promote the relationship between the two and China forces to continue to reach a new level.
Recently, the Chinese measurement ship "Xiangyang Red 10" and the Chinese maritime police ship and fishing boats were activated in the Vietnam exclusive economic zone in the South China Sea for nearly a month.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/越南指责中向阳红10号科考船等船只侵犯其主权/a-65735901)Essence
Meiyue will improve bilateral relations 
In April of this year, US Secretary of State Brosky conducted a lightning visit to Hanoi Essence At the end of March, after the US President Biden and the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, Ruan Fuzhong's phone, Yuefang stated for the first time that he was willing to improve bilateral relations.
Last Sunday, Nuclear Power Carrier of the U.S. Navy "Reagan stopped in Vietnam Port in Vietnam Essence This is the third time that the US aircraft carrier has stopped in Vietnam since the end of the Vietnam War.
The U.S. Navy's visit is when the relationship between China and the United States on the South China Sea issue is tight. The two countries are competing for influence in this rich energy area, and China advocates that most of the sovereignty in the South China Sea.
In the past few weeks, Li Shangfu attended the Security Summit held in Singapore and met with the commander -in -chief of the South African Defense Forces and the Chief of Staff of the Thai Army. Li Shangfu, who was appointed Minister of Defense in March this year, was sanctioned by US sanctions because of the role played from Russia's largest weapon exporters in 2017. China expressed his hope that the United States would cancel sanctions to promote relations. In August last year, Pelosi, Speaker of the House of Representatives, visited Taiwan to anger China, and China canceled three major military communication channels with the United States as revenge.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美航母防越之际-中国力推与越南军方合作/a-66042625?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
U.S. Navy Commander: Australia -British and American nuclear submarine projects are facing challenges and cannot be underestimated 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T10:32
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T12:17
Description: U.S. Navy Commander Gil Dai Monday (June 26) said that the United States did not underestimate the difficulty of providing nuclear -powered submarine projects to Australia with AUKUS. He also said that it is still not sure how to implement the first batch of nuclear submarines for Australia ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '澳大利亚', '英国', '核潜艇']
U.S. Navy Commander Gil Dai Monday (June 26) said that the United States did not underestimate the difficulty of providing nuclear -powered submarine projects to Australia with AUKUS. He also said that it is still not sure how to implement the first batch of nuclear submarines for Australia.
Reuters reports that the AUKUS project announced in March in Australia, Britain and the United States in March is planned to be completed in the late 2030s and early 2040s. By then, Britain and Australia will use cutting-edge US technology to produce and operate a kind of SSN-AUKUS New nuclear -powered submarine.
In the early 2030s, the United States should sell three Virginia -class nuclear -powered submarines in Australia. According to the agreement, Australia can order two more ships in the United States.
However, some major issues still exist. The United States has strict restrictions on the extensive technology required by the United States. In addition, the United States has limited production capacity to meet its own needs. It is still a question mark to deliver Virginia -class submarines to Australia.
On Monday, Gil Dai was on the forum of Washington Strategy and International Research Center to ask questions about Virginia -class submarines. He said: "Now answering where these submarines will come from too early, whether it is from the remaining production capacity or the United States inventory."
He said that the priority of the United States is still the production of Columbia -class submarines for the US Navy, "we are trying to make industrial bases improve productivity."
Campbell, a coordinator of the National Security Council, said in the same forum that the "all signs indicate" the AUKUS project will be supported by the US and Australian politics, and Washington is discussing with many countries to participate in the second pillar of Aukus.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408200 
Syrodal Donady area, a gun, a gangster died in the parking lot car 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T10:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T10:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 27th) Australia in the well -known Bondi (Bondi) in Sydney City, Australia, shooting a shooting during the peak period. A man was killed. Police pointed out that this was a "corner" sniper action against Sydney underworld.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The place of the incident was one of Sydney's busiest shopping area. A underground parking lot not far from the Beach of Bangbang suddenly came out of gunfire this morning, and nearby residents and commuters were frightened. After the police arrived, the alarm line had been surrounded by nearby.
Police found a 48 -year -old man who was "fired" died in his car. Dannydohehety, the investigation police supervisor of New South Wales, where Sydney is located, told media reporters that "the characteristics of organizational murder" can be seen on the spot.
"We believe this is a shooting of the target together, and the object is a senior criminal person."
The police did not disclose the name of the deceased, but pointed out that the man was "familiar with the police" and "obviously there were many enemies."
A burned Porsche sports car was also found near the scene of the crime, which was believed to be related to this shooting.
Olivia Scanlan, a 27 -year -old actress and dancer who lives in the local area, said that this area is usually reminiscent of surfers and backpackers, not gangs, so the shooting case made her "shocked". Essence
Although Australia has only 26 million people, it is one of the most favorable entertainment drug markets in the world. The street selling price is much higher than in Europe or North America.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E9%9B%AA%E6%A2%A8%E9%82%A6%E4%BB%A3%E9%97%B9%E5%8C%BA%E4%BC%A0%E6%9E%AA%E5%93%8D-%E4%B8%80%E9%BB%91%E5%B8%AE%E7%94%B7%E6%AD%BB%E5%9C%A8%E5%81%9C%E8%BD%A6%E5%9C%BA%E8%BD%A6%E5%86%85 
BBC survey: there was a Chinese balloon fly over Japan and Taiwan 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T10:43:00Z
Description: According to a joint investigation by the British media with artificial intelligence companies, a balloon from China has passed through Taiwan and Japan in the past. Both the Tokyo and the Taipei military stated that they have been prepared to shoot down the balloon.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '台湾', '日本']
Keywords: ['气球', '飞艇', '监控', '台湾', '日本']
Id: 66042798
Chinese balloon before being shot down(Voice of Germany Chinese website)Following US President Bayeng on Tuesday (June 20) mentioned the balloon incident said Xi Jinping as a dictator After that, British Media BBC published an investigation long article display evidence It is pointed out that the balloon released by China in the past few years has flew over Japan and Taiwan.
The BBC "wide -angle mirror" program (Panorama) cooperated with artificial intelligence company Synthetaic to screen and analyze a large number of images collected by satellites, and found multiple balloons flying over East Asia. One of them flew over the northern Japan around September 2021. The founder of Synthetaic Coreyjaskolski believes that the balloon started in southern Inner Mongolia.
This statement has not been confirmed. Murakami Murakami in the Japanese Ministry of Defense told the BBC that the Japanese government is "taking various planning measures to monitor the relevant conditions daily", which is ready to protect the "life and property of the people in the Japanese territory" and even shot down the balloon.
"Wide -angle Mirror" also evaluated a large number of social media and media reports, and found that the Taiwan Meteorological Department announced two pictures of two balloons flying over Taipei by the end of September 2021. Synthetaic's Isecosky compares these photos with satellite images. He said, "We found that the balloon flew out of the coastline of Taiwan within 90 seconds."
The Taiwanese government told "Wide -angle Mirror" that they believe that it was a weather balloon, but Isecosky did not agree with this statement. He told the BBC, "The diameter of the balloon and the height of the operation seem to be similar to this, it is like the balloon flying over the United States and the sky flying over Japan."
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
Shooting 
A balloon in China fluttered over the United States for a few days. On February 4, the U.S. military shot down in the coastal waters of the South Carolina. The United States has accused China of using balloons for espionage. But China said that this is just an out of control meteorological balloon.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
search 
The shot of balloon fell into the sea a few miles away from the coast of South Carolina. The U.S. Navy and the Coast Guard positioned the areas where the balloon fell, and sent helicopters and ships to sort out the wreckage of balloons in the fall area.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
salvage 
It looks like fishermen are fishing a large jellyfish, but in fact, this is a group member of the US military who is responsible for dealing with explosives. This balloon has a diameter of about 61 meters, and the weight is equivalent to a small passenger aircraft.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
wreckage 
Due to the huge balloon size and uncertainty of its security, the United States eventually decided to shoot down at sea. The water depth of the balloon falling is about 15 meters. The U.S. military is trying to salvage more wreckage in order to more accurately understand the actual use of this flying object.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
tool 
The U.S. military uses special equipment such as underwater drones to search and salvage balloon wreckage. The "Explorer" -class marine measurement ship uses the sound of sound to find the wreckage fragments in the fall area. According to the U.S. military, the search area is about 2.25 square kilometers.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China


In a statement on February 13, the U.S. Northern Command said, "The salvage team found some important wreckage from the balloon fall, including confirming all the main sensors and electronic devices, and the overall structure."
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
upgrade 
After the United States shot down China's suspected spy balloon, the tension between the United States and China further intensified. This time, the Minister of Defense of China had rejected the US Secretary of Defense Austin to discuss matters related to balloons. China claims that the U.S. shot down is an over -reaction and violates international standards. The U.S. Department of Commerce will add 6 entities related to Beijing's suspected spy ball plan to be on the blacklist of exports. In the past few days, the U.S. military has shot down three flying bodies over the Alas California Coast in northwestern United States, Yakong areas in northwestern Canada, and the overhead of the US -Canada border.
Author: Florian Meyer
### Taiwan once refuted the balloon into its leading airspace 
At the beginning of February this year, after the United States shot down the "spy balloon" flying over the time, Mao Ning, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said that "the incident is an accident caused by force majeure" and is an "occasional accident". As there are more Chinese airships and balloon flying through other countries, the official "occasional" saying in Beijing can still be worthy of attention.On February 14, Major General Huang Wenqi, the Second Room of the Ministry of National Defense, said at a routine news meeting that the air balloon appeared around the airspace around the Taiwan Strait, mostly used for meteorological detection. That is, the burst of bursts disappear. He also said, "Most of these balloons are in the sea of Taiwan, not over Taiwan"; "When balloon threatens national security and people's livelihood, it will be dealt with." The goal of weapon force to destroy ".
The Taiwan military responded to the BBC's investigation report on Tuesday (June 27), saying that if the balloon is threatened to threaten the balloon, it will shot down and destroy.
The United States found a suspected scouting balloon from China 
(According to comprehensive reports such as BBC)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/bbc调查：曾有中国气球飞越日本台湾/a-66042798?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Israel approves more than 5,600 new sets of Jewish settlement housing 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T11:02
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T11:02
Description: The Israeli Civil Affairs Bureau Senior Planning Committee approved a new 5623 houses on the settlement of Jewish settlements on the west bank of the Jordan River on Monday (June 26). Among them, the settlement of Ellie Jewish settlements on the west bank of the Jordan River will build a new 1057 houses. Xinhua News Agency reported that Jewish is expanded according to the claim ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['以色列', '巴勒斯坦']
The Israeli Civil Affairs Bureau Senior Planning Committee approved a new 5623 houses on the settlement of Jewish settlements on the west bank of the Jordan River on Monday (June 26). Among them, the settlement of Ellie Jewish settlements on the west bank of the Jordan River will build a new 1057 houses.
Xinhua News Agency reported that according to the expansion of the Jewish settlement, Israeli Financial Minister Smomrik, on the 21st, this move is Israel's response to the shooting near the settlement on the 20th. The shooting incident killed four Israelis, and the other four were injured.
According to Reuters, the United States has opposed the new housing approved by Israel's approval of the Jewish settlement settlement on the west bank of the Jordan River.
US State Department spokesman Miller said on Monday that U.S. officials have expressed their public and private measures to oppose the settlement in Israel, saying that Israel's decision has made the United States "deeply troubled."
Miller said: "Israel built a Jewish house at a settlement point, which is an obstacle to promote Israel and Palestine to reach the two countries."
According to the statistics of the Israeli non -governmental organization, "Now Peace", after the right -wing government led by the Israeli Prime Minister Neyahu came to power last December, Israel has approved more than 13,000 new Jewish settlement housing this year.
Recently, the tension of Pakistani has a heating trend. On June 21, a large number of Jewish settlers broke into some Palestinian villages and towns on the west bank of the Jordan River to fire and conflict with the local people. On the 26th, the armed personnel of Jiening, the northern bank of the West Bank of Jordan, fired rockets to Israel. The rockets did not fall into Israel and did not cause casualties.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408202 
Russian authorities have revoked the allegations of Wagner's soldiers to change 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T11:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T10:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Moscow, 27th) The Russian Federal Security Agency (FSB) today announced the withdrawal allegations to the mercenary organization "Wagner Group" soldiers.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Wagner Warrior was originally accused of launching a martial arts mutiny to try to overthrow the country's military leadership.
However, several federal security bureau published by several Russian news agencies today stated that "Criminal cases against civilian military companies Wagner's armed mutiny have been completed."
The Federal Security Agency explained in the statement that the participants of the mutiny "have stopped directly intending to crime directly", "considering this, and other situations related to the investigation, the investigation agency decided to settle the criminal case."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E5%BD%93%E5%B1%80%E6%92%A4%E9%94%80%E7%93%A6%E6%A0%BC%E7%BA%B3%E5%85%B5%E5%8F%98%E6%8C%87%E6%8E%A7 
Software provider CART valuation rises to $ 1.2 billion, entering the FREE Version (Free Version) 
Author: Maria Armental
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T11:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T11:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T10:15:00.000Z
Description: Benefiting from the online sales boom, Cart.com, e -commerce software provider, has received a multi -family office and corporate venture capital department of $ 60 million, making the company's valuation exceeded $ 1 billion.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Benefiting from the online sales boom, Cart.com, e -commerce software provider, has received a multi -family office and corporate venture capital department of $ 60 million, making the company's valuation exceeded $ 1 billion.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%BD%AF%E4%BB%B6%E6%8F%90%E4%BE%9B%E5%95%86cart%E4%BC%B0%E5%80%BC%E5%8D%87%E8%87%B312%E4%BA%BF%E7%BE%8E%E5%85%83-%E8%BF%9B%E5%85%A5%E7%8B%AC%E8%A7%92%E5%85%BD%E4%BF%B1%E4%B9%90%E9%83%A8-30c30468 
The dining room of Chongqing Hospital is suspected to be officially confirmed by the mouse head 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T11:23:46-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T11:23:46-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 It is rumored that the image of a mouse head is suspected to eat mice in the cafeteria box lunch in Xiushan County, Chongqing City, China. (After being taken from a boiling point video) After the Jiangxi "Pointing Rat as a Duck" incident, some netizens bought the suspected mice at the restaurant at Xiushan County Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital in Xiushan County, Chongqing on the 27th. The Xiushan County Supervision Bureau reported the speed on the night that it was determined that this foreign body was indeed a mouse. The film shows that the parties used chopsticks to clam out a foreign body like a mouse, as well as obvious rodents beard. The parties said, "Have you ever eaten konjac ducks? This is a konjac mouse, (Xiushan) cafeteria of the Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital. Look, we eat this today." According to the cover news report, the parties said that the police had taken the bento to investigate. Relevant staff of Xiushan County Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital said that the restaurant was not organized by the hospital by itself. It was a Xieli manufacturer who had been bidded by the government website and had never happened before. The Central News Agency reported that in less than a month of China, China was suspected to have eaten the food safety incident of mice, and quickly boarded the Weibo hot search championship, causing netizens to ridicule, but asked, "Will the duck neck still carry a pot?" Can I always refer to the mouse as a duck? "(Responsible editor: 梒 梒)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-06272023111749.html 
US Report: Xi Jinping's obsession data to collect data to achieve global ambitions 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T11:30:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T11:36:34-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Matthewjohnson's recently published "China's Grand Strategy for Data Dominance" report Screenshots of the Hoover Institute's official website of the Comprehensive Media on the 27th, the American Hoover Research Institute recently reported that Xi Jinping's economic and social influence on online big data "almost obsessed" Data to achieve global ambitions. In 2021, an agent of the Federal Investigation Agency (FBI) searched a cargo collecting equipment on the ship when searching a cargo ship that transported Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Works in Baltimore, a port of Baltimore. The news was disclosed by the Wall Street Journal on March 5 this year. I didn't get much attention. However, Matthewjohnson, a guest researcher at the Hoover Research Institute, said that China ’s container -owned machine -to -heavy machine system sold to the world is a part of Xi Jinping's next Tianluo.com and controlling global data ambitions. Some national security and military officials in the United States regard the ship cranes made by Chinese as "new Huawei" because these machines have complex sensing equipment to record and track the source and destination of container. Matthew Johnson recently published a report entitled "China's GrandStrategy for DataDominance", which was recently published in the report. Control data, as well as the "key core technology" required for storage, processing and utilization of data. Matthewjohnson believes that under China's data management bureaucratic system, all Chinese enterprises have been integrated into a national data infrastructure controlled by the Communist Party of China in order to serve the party's goal in the strategic competition with the West. This is based on a completely single premise: allowing China to absorb global data to the greatest extent and try not to allow Chinese data to be obtained by the outside world. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-06272023112435.html 
Investors continue to pay attention to Russia and the central bank's Asian stocks mostly 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T11:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T11:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 27th) After the Asian stock market has fallen more than a week, most of the closes have risen today. But investors still feel uneasy about whether central banks in various countries intend to continue to raise interest rates to crack down on stubborn inflation.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Despite the abortion of the Russian soldiers, the stock traders' doubts have been reduced, and the market atmosphere is more optimistic.
On the other hand, Prime Minister of the State Council of China said today that Beijing will launch new measures to revitalize the weak national economy and stimulate domestic demand. This speech also encouraged market confidence.
As the situation in eastern Europe is temporarily slightly less worrying, the focus of investors will shift to the battle against inflation. Jeromepowell, chairman of the Federal Council (Fed), warned last week that interest rates are likely to be increased. This made the market view of the central bank's officials who was about to end the currency tightening cycle.
Although the Federal Mandrate has not moved this month, the central banks of some other countries continue to raise interest rates and predict that there are still interest rate hikes. Analysts warn that investors will face more pain this year. At the same time, more and more people are worried that currency tightening may push the economy to decline, just like the euro zone.
The U.S. stock market closed yesterday, but the Asian stock market was generally not affected today, and the closing of the market rose more. Among them, the Hong Kong stock market ended for 5 consecutive trading days and rose 1.9%; the Shanghai stock market also closed up 1.2%, and Sydney, Singapore, Wellington and Bangkok's stock market also closed.
However, the Tokyo stock market closed up 0.5%, and the stock market in Seoul, Taipei, Manila and Jakarta also closed.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230627-%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E4%BA%BA%E6%8C%81%E7%BB%AD%E5%85%B3%E6%B3%A8%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E4%B8%8E%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C-%E4%BA%9A%E8%82%A1%E5%A4%9A%E6%95%B0%E6%94%B6%E9%AB%98 
The Russian army is ready to take over the Wagner mercenary equipment 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T11:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T11:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Moscow, 27th) The Russian Ministry of Defense announced today that it is preparing to take over the military hardware equipment of the mercenary organization "Wagner Group".
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Russian Ministry of Defense announced on the online statement: "It is now ready to transfer the heavy military equipment of a private military company Wagner to the Russian armed forces."
Wagner's head, Yevgenyprigozhin and its mercenaries, shocked Russia on the 24th. Wagner once controlled the command center of Russia to attack Ukrainian military operations, and then divided into Moscow north, but at the end of the moment.
Russian President Vladimir Putin delivered a speech on the 26th that the reason why he was in any change was to avoid bleeding. He said the Wagner soldiers could continue to fight Russia or go to Belarus.
On the 26th, Porigjin said that the soldiers have exposed Russia's serious security issues. At the same time, he insisted that he did not want to overthrow Pu Ting. The purpose of the soldiers was to save the Wagner Group, which was difficult to save, and hoped that he would commit crimes in the Russian invasion of the Ukrainian war in Russia. The "huge error" Russian military leader rope.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E5%86%9B%E9%98%9F%E5%87%86%E5%A4%87%E6%8E%A5%E6%89%8B%E7%93%A6%E6%A0%BC%E7%BA%B3%E4%BD%A3%E5%85%B5%E8%A3%85%E5%A4%87 
PLA aircraft arrived at nearly 24 nautical miles line, Taiwan Defense Ministry of National Defense: 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T11:35:20-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T11:35:20-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Taiwan ’s Ministry of National Defense released a schematic diagram of the PLA event on the 24th Screenshots of the official website of the Ministry of National Defense of Taiwan have recently accepted the Taiwan Strait midline and reached the 24 nautical lines of Taiwan. The Ministry of National Defense of Taiwan said on Tuesday that any flying or HNA entities, such as the PLA, if they were warned, forcibly entered the Taiwan airspace and the sea, the National Army would exercise self -defense counterattacks. After visiting Taiwan in August last August, the PLA, the President of the House of Representatives of the United States, visited Taiwan, the PLA increased its coercion, and the military aircraft were ranging from the middle line of the Strait. The Taiwan Ministry of National Defense released a schematic diagram of the PLA event on the 24th show that the PLA-10 aircraft 8 airlines over-ended the midline and reached the 24 nautical miles. On the same day, the PLA Eastern Theater Command also posted a photo of the "Recent" J-16 fighter aircraft took off on the WeChat account. Time -domain combat capabilities. "Major General Lin Wenhuang said at the press conference at a press conference on Tuesday that the National Army continued to grasp the dynamics of the Taiwan Strait and target the PLAs in Taiwan. , Display the force of the sea and air forces to deal with it, and track the monitoring with land -based missiles. Lin Wenhuang emphasized that any flying or HNA entity, such as the alarm, forcibly entered Taiwan's airspace and lead the sea. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-06272023113159.html 
Wu Xiaobo, a well -known financial writer in China, was banned by Weibo again 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T11:39:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T14:19:07-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Wu Xiaobo, a well -known financial writer in China Baidu Encyclopedia Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/meiti/hcm1-06272023073423.html/@@stream Recently, Wu Xiaobo, a well -known financial writer in China, has been banned by Weibo for publishing articles involving unemployment and current economic policy. Wu Xiaobo's WeChat public account "Wu Xiaobo Channel" has also stopped updating.
"What's wrong with us?" Wu Xiaobo broke the secret that the Chinese economy could not say? * What's wrong with Wu Xiaobo? Chinese big V to the "rational school" standing team to step on the Red Line afterwards [ The most profitable money "writer" Wu Xiaobo was stunned by the most profitable financial and economic writer "(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/gf-06132022084031.html)Wu Xiaobo's recently published article "Only rescue the property market can save domestic demand" pointed out that "the sluggishness of the property market is one of the structural factors of domestic demand downturn." He put forward five suggestions to call on the authorities to make specific legal arrangements and explanations on the issue of real estate tax and property rights as soon as possible, reduce the mortgage interest rate of improving housing, reduce the interest rate of stock loans, fully cancel the price limit policy, and conscientiously implement the "three branches "Arrow" and the policy of insurance.
As soon as Wu Xiaobo's article came out, it caused a warm discussion of public opinion. The blogger "Shanglin Yuan" said, "The time for published this article is highly consistent with the time of the stock market and the commodity market. Wu Xiaobo, who has long observed the Chinese business community and tracking the real estate market, is obviously sensitive enough." However, there are also bloggers. " "Shi Xie Sean" criticized, "Wu Xiaobo's article seems to be considered for the country's economy and people's livelihood, but it is actually to speak for the interests of the real estate industry and housing enterprises. His way of rescue the market is not a real estate market but a housing company."
Financial bloggers "Guan Buyu" posted that "this time, everyone scolded Wu Xiaobo." The blogger said that Wu Xiaobo's article stabbed the honeycomb, most of which were opposed voices. After reading, he felt the word "twisted".
Wu Xiaobo's sound of "rescue the market" immediately "disappeared." The "Security Tips this week" released by Sina Weibo on the 26th stated that "Big V user Wu Xiaobo, etc., through the negative harmful information such as the unemployment rate and dispersing the discreditation of the securities market, publish the content of the attack on the current policy and management system." It is prohibited due to violations of relevant laws and regulations.
Screenshot of Weibo The blogger "Shi Jingshan Xin Yanlei" posted a post to ask, how to distinguish between "voicing for the status quo" and "attack negation policy system"? Compared to solving problems and positive response problems, covering your mouth is too simple. "Covering a big V's mouth is still so simple, let alone ordinary people?" Another netizen was leaving a message with posts. "Is it the early stage of real estate The rescue of the market appealed too much, touched the red line of the national policy? "
Cheng Xiaonong: The dare speakers have eloquent the royal scholar into the Da Nengxuan Tool 
When traveling to the United States, Cheng Xiaonong, when he was interviewed by this station, believes that Wu Xiaobo's article represents the current situation of Chinese society, and recently circulating an article on the Internet "China Six Normal Phenomena" article mentioned that if experts only talk about the government's point of view, the experts only talk about the government's point of view. People do not believe it at all.
"Such articles have mentioned that China's economy is bad and serious. Wu Xiaobo's words are not unique. He just turned some media reports into his words." Cheng Xiaonong said.
Cheng Xiaonong pointed out that Chinese media dare not talk about the political situation and can only talk about the economic situation. At present, the economic negative articles have begun to appear, because China is not only unhappy, but also difficult for the poor. The middle class with a certain economic and social status became the "miserable" class and became "three slaves", which is the slave, the slave and the slave.
Cheng Xiaonong: "Their property shrinks very fast. Most of the wealth of the middle class is real estate. They originally believed that China's real estate was as fixed as the economy, and the wealth at home was like a balloon. Do not reduce more than 10%. "
Wu Xiaobo point out the truth and illusion of employment issues 
In addition to the "rescue market" that may touch the red line of the authorities, reviewing the "unemployment rate" is also one of the "crimes" named Wu Xiaobo. Wu Xiaobo recently published the article "Who is providing employment, who supports who is providing employment", and asked why employment issues would "suddenly" become severe. In his opinion, there is a truth in China's unemployment rate, a "illusion": "truth" is the depression of the industrial economy. Private entrepreneurs collectively lack the willingness to invest, which eventually causes the downturn of all watches and coins. "It is the shrinking of rural flood discharge capabilities.
Screenshot of Weibo 
Chen Songxing, director of the New Economic Policy Research Center of Taiwan Donghua University, dismantled China ’s unemployment rate data pointed out that Chinese officials claim that the relevant statistics are using the International Labor Organization(ILO)The standards are not unemployed for more than one hour a week. Even so, China's youth unemployment rate is still as high as 20.8%, and the actual number should be much higher than the data released by the official. In addition, the unemployed migrant workers have not been calculated in the "urban" unemployment data, and flexible employment is also a big problem.
He believes that the current situation of the lives of people in China is the decline in salary, the decline in consumption expenditure, the high -end goods cannot afford, and the price of life is constantly rising: "Everyone knows that the economic prospects are unknown, and it is by no means covering the mouth of the truth, or it is not It can be solved by throwing the so -called big inner propaganda for the mouth. The Chinese people are no longer Wu Xia Amon.
Wu Xiaobo Channel to see China's economic prospects "What are we" **
In addition to the unemployment rate, the recent works of "Wu Xiaobo Channel" revealed the pessimistic atmosphere of China's economic prospects.
In telling the Story of the Optical Machine ", Wu Xiaobo sighed after watching Miller's" Chip War ": Now, the EUV lithography machine has a comprehensive restriction on China, which has become the most deadly card in the Chinese chip industry. Neck incident. He believes that the best way to not be around the neck "is not to close the door to endogenous independence, but to actively integrate into the global ecosystem, which is part of the non -substitution. Dependence and exchange is the only reason for existence and the last reason."
At the end of the article, he pointed out that Hangzhou Future Science and Technology City was a midnight light and extremely hustle and bustle of the China Internet Highlands. Today, the company over there is laying off, and the house price around it has fallen by 20 %.
Wu Xiaobo mentioned in the article "What's the matter with us" that in today's business world in China, the once "spiritual spirit" seemed to be gone. The investors were hesitant, and the entrepreneurs were confused. "Many people are asking,‘ What did we have? ’?”
In the article "Aoretseng and Depression", Wu Xiaobo directly pointed out that someone must tell us loudly, "Tomorrow, the sun will definitely rise." Everyone who looks at China is actually looking at their lives. Even if you are gambling, you have to gamble on the National Games.
Wu Xiaobo has more than 4.73 million fans on Weibo. He has served as a reporter from Xinhua News Agency and later turned into a financial writer. He also founded the media "Wu Xiaobo Channel". Chinese media pointed out that the Blue Lion Finance Series operated by Wu Xiaobo is one of the most famous brands published by local financial books in China.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Chen Meihua Xu Shuting He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/hcm1-06272023073423.html 
"There are so many corpses": A middle school in the town of Uganda was attacked by the militia organization 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:33
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T12:00:33
Description: The rebels who are said to be the "Democratic Allied Forces" stole the border of the Vietnam from the Congo (Gold) and attacked a middle school in Uganda, and slaughtered dozens of students within a few hours. This is also the most experienced in Uganda for decades. A fatal attack.
Images: [" AP23169373230... ", " School_Sign_B... ", " Burnt_Out_Dor... ", " Maskera_Loti_... "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌干达', '刚果（金）']
Type: Article
 Uganda town of Luberla's Rubilar Middle School was attacked, and the villagers used trucks to transport the coffin of the victims(Associated Press)In the Rubilala Middle School at the border between Western Uganda and the border between the Congo (Gold), Goldwin Montber and his classmates will learn and sing at 10 o'clock in the evening, and then turn off the lights at 10 o'clock in the evening. Climb up with a double -layer bed to sleep.
On June 16, this convention was broken by an unknown attacker. These attackers are allegedly "democratic allies"(ADF)The rebels, they stole the border from the Congo (Gold) and attacked the school. Within a few hours, they slaughtered dozens of students, which was the most fatal attack that Uganda experienced in decades.
Monber, 18, recalled that the attacker arrived at about 10:30.
They first fired at the gatekeeper of the school, and then asked the boys to open the door of the dormitory. Monber told a reporter from the Peninsula TV station, "All the students in my dormitory have rejected it."
The leader of the boys asked everyone to hide under the bed, and Monber also acted according to the instructions, while the attacker fired bullets through windows and locked doors.
The attacker entered the dormitory of the girls and killed the students inside. Several medical staff told the Peninsula TV reporter that most students were beaten to death by hammer or chopped to death.
The rebels also forcibly broke into the closed room of the boys and still shot. One of the bullets hit Monber's hand. He wrapped it with cloth.
In the end, these militians set fire and burned the boys' dormitory. So Monber seized the opportunity and escaped into the night.
The 27 -year -old principal's wife, Brenda Masica, heard the sound of gunfire and the students' call for help in his home opposite the school. Her husband was on a business trip, and she took 3 children alone.
She pointed out that a man wearing a green uniform and holding a gun walked into her house. He took away her mobile phone and the food she left, and threatened to kill her. It wasn't until he saw that she had a little baby that he allowed the family to leave, and then set fire to destroy the house.
In the courtyard, Masika saw the corpse of the gatekeeper and the destroyed boys' dormitory. When the building was burned, she stood there and cried, but could not save anything at home.
 The logo of the Rubilar Middle School of Uganda Town Bubela(Peninsula TV Station)
After attack 
The rebels abducted six students and robbed the food stores. They then escaped Montvir, burned more houses, killed local villagers, and returned to the Congo (Gold).
Local executive Clarenos Bvambel explained that at 1 am, the corpse began to be derived from the general elimination of a local hospital.
According to the official report issued by the Police, a total of 37 students and 5 villagers were killed. A few days after the attack, another woman died of severe injuries due to serious heads, which caused the total number of deaths to 43. The age of the victims does not wait from 12 to 25.
17 corpses were sent to the nearby Portleburg City for DNA identification because they have been burned to be omnipotent.
Dawn on June 17, parents came to claim their children's bodies. The crowd was so turbulent that the hospital had to close the door and let them divide them into three batches into the peace.
The staff worked hard to soothe the family members of grief.
Bavambell told a reporter from the Peninsula TV station that "it is an unbearable thing to lose a person and lose a child in such a terrible way." "Crying is also a part of healing. Let them cry, and then comfort them."
At noon, the mourner began to buy a coffin.
Banjiga Satrite operated a carpentry shop on the side of Montville. Since the attack, he has sold 17 coffins. In view of the tragedy that occurred, these coffin sold at a discount price. He told a reporter from Peninsula TV, "My customers cried, so I sold it very cheaply."
Salleter said that this is the most difficult period for coffin manufacturers, "there are many corpses."
 There are only double layers of bed frames and some personal items in the boys' dormitory of Rubila Middle School(Peninsula TV Station)
Uknames and problems 
As Montvir was sad, the Uganda authorities blamed the attack on the anti -government "democratic allies". Uganda President Jonori Musewini stated in a statement that their actions were "criminal, desperate, terrorism, and futile."
Anti -government "Democratic Allied Forces" was first established in western Uganda in 1995. Three years later, these rebels launched a similar attack on Montville at the Kicchiba Technical College, killed 80 students and abducted more than 100 people.
The organization finally moved to the Congo (Gold) in 2001 and continued to cause serious damage to the local civilians.
In 2015, the leader of the "Democratic Allied" Jamil Marcuru was arrested in Tanzania. His predecessor -Musa Caka Baruku subsequently swore to loyalty to isis.
According to the latest report of the United Nations Congo (Gold) experts, the "Democratic Allied Forces" partners in Uganda received at least 60,000 US dollars of remittances from a ISIS base from Somali from 2019 to 2020, while ISIS claimed to be " The Democratic Allied Forces "recently committed crimes in April.
However, the direct communication and cooperation between the "Democratic Allied Forces" and ISIS is still blurred.
Nevertheless, the previous attacks caused political ripples in the area. In October 2021, an explosion occurred in a pork restaurant in the center of Camppara City, which killed three people and prompted Uganda and the Congo (Gold) to launch a joint operation to expel the "democratic allies".
After the attack of Montvir, Musewini threatened "hunting the Democratic Allied terrorists until it was completely eliminated." Uganda sent more troops over the border to rescue students. As of now, 3 people have been found.
Dick Olam, who is responsible for directing the Uganda army in the Congo (Gold), told reporters that with the help of local collaborators, the Democratic Allied forces stayed in the city for two days and then attacked the school. Last week, officials arrested 20 people due to suspected instability of the rebels, including the principal of the Rubilar Middle School.
The residents of Montville said privately that the "Democratic Allied Forces" can easily cross the border between Uganda and the Congo (Gold) -this border is often used by smuggles. On these paths, men wearing uniforms often can sometimes patrol the Uganda army, or they heard the gunfire from the soldiers when they hear soldiers hunting criminals at night.
After the attack, the shocked community called for more protection. Salleter said, "We can't sleep well", "We don't know what will happen."Oumar Nadu, the secretary -general of the Nia Carihia Mosque from Montville, said, "We have returned to the house very early." "In the evening, when you come back, they may even directly take you directly. take away."

A week later, under the frustration and quiet, sadness was still shrouded over the small town of Mand Pilter. Families living near Rubilag have evacuated the area. Others rushed home before dark.
The 50 -year -old Marceraka Lotty is one of the condolences, and his brother is the killer who was killed. Lotti said, "We could sit down to plan for my family." "Now that I am alone."
 Masisreka Lotto's brother Mulbas Zefinius served as the goalkeeper at the school, and he was killed in the attack on June 16, 2023(Peninsula TV Station)His nephew Elton was also killed by the attacker. His other nephew disappeared. The family has sent their DNA samples to comparison, but they don't know if he is being burned.
Lotti said, "We can only wait."
They hung the three photos of the missing and dead relatives outside the home with nails, and stringed these photos together with the weary yellow tingle.
The gate of Rubilar Middle School has been closed and the police guard.
The boys' dormitory was filled with the thick smoke flavor burned, and the metal double -layer bed was stuck with burnt clothes fragments. Some personal items are scattered on the ashes.
The information written by the students is almost difficult to identify on the dark walls.
When a reporter from Peninsula saw Monber last Wednesday, he was still in the rehabilitation stage and was not sure when he could be discharged. But he wanted to return to school to continue his studies to realize his dream of becoming an engineer.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/27/%e5%b0%b8%e4%bd%93%e5%a6%82%e6%ad%a4%e4%b9%8b%e5%a4%9a%e4%b9%8c%e5%b9%b2%e8%be%be%e5%b0%8f%e9%95%87%e7%9a%84%e4%b8%80%e6%89%80%e4%b8%ad%e5%ad%a6%e9%81%ad%e5%88%b0%e6%b0%91%e5%85%b5 
Taiwan & QUOT; Hanguang exercise & quot; anti -airborne movement of Taoyuan Airport for the first time 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:05:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T13:41:56-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Information picture: On May 28, 2019, the Hanguang exercise combat race runway took off and land, and improved the first appearance of the F-16V. Reporter Li Zonghan Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/gangtai/hcm2-06272023075352.html/@stream Taiwan's "Hanguang Exercise" is expected to move Taoyuan Airport this year, and will hold a variety of anti -airborne exercises such as anti -airborne airborne at international airports.
Taiwan Hanguang Exercise will perform for the first time at Taoyuan Airport to perform for ban on navigation on July 26 Taiwan media "Lianhe Daily" disclosed on June 27. Combined with the US military observation regiment last year, the Taiwan Army Hantu Real Bing exercise will verify Taoyuan Airport for the first time this year(Peach machine)Aquatic aircraft offensive and defensive subjects. The Navy 151 Fleet combines the AAV7 amphibious assault vehicle of the Marine Corps. It has completed the surrounding Taoyuan Zhuwei Yuku Fishing Port Beach amphibious landing trial before the month. The defense army carried out counterattacks and regained the airport. Because the runway will be temporarily closed during the exercise, it will affect the flight and landing.
Taiwan Media Zhongshi News Network reported that in the past, the anti -airborne project of the Hanguang exercise was almost all held at Qingquan Airport or other military airports at Taichung's Qingquan Airport or other military airports, as well as Pingtung Manfa Farm in Taichung. However, this year's Ministry of National Defense's plan to perform exercises in Taoji this year is quite surprising. The report pointed out that this move may be closely related to the national army's assumptions that the enemy's army landed from the red beach from Zhuwei.
The Ministry of National Defense in Taiwan stated that the purpose of the exercise is to verify the combat plan, and continue to coordinate with each other, the division of labor and announcement with relevant departments such as aviation management, civil aviation, and police forces to take into account the training and flight safety. (Screenshot of Reuters Video) Taoji provides more space and flexibility in the Taiwan Air Force 
Su Ziyun, director of the National Defense Strategy and Resources Research Research Institute of Taiwan ’s National Defense Security Research Institute, accepted an interview with this station. From the perspective of defense operations, the scope of exercise is more indirectly related to the red beaches of Zhuwei. He further explained that if the enemy landed around Taipei, from the Shalun in the freshwater to the Nanlian Fishing Port in Hsinchu, there will be three attacks: "First of all, grab the Taipei port, the second is to attack Taoyuan Airport, the third It's directly attacking Taipei. "
Among them, in the peach machine exercise, Su Ziyun pointed out that on the one hand, airport defense, and the second is anti -airborne to prevent the enemy from being forcibly landed to occupy the airport with airborne forces or transport aircraft. Taking Russia's invasion of Ukraine as an example, Russia occupied the airport next to Kiev, and the Ukrainian forces fought back to prevent Russian airborne forces and transport aircraft landing: "Another point of this exercise is to let the fighter set aside. It is when the military base is attacked and closed, the military aircraft can use Taoyuan Airport to take off and land. "
Su Ziyun said that the north runway of Taoyuan Airport has 3660 meters, 3800 meters in the south runway, and the fighter takes off about 500 meters. If the enemy is to be paralyzed such a long runway, the runway must be cut into eight sections, and the fighter cannot take off and land. The peach machine used by civil aviation to join the exercise subject can allow the Taiwan Air Force to have more space and flexibility, and to have more toughness during the war.
Taoji 7.26 exercise will be released for 1 hour forbidden navigation notification 
The Taiwan official media Central News Agency quoted the military people that the preliminary plan of the above exercise was held on July 26 and will be released for a 1 -hour forbidden navigation notice. However, the actual exercise time should be less than 1 hour, thereby minimizing the impact of civil aviation. In addition, relevant departments will also notify major airlines in the near future and issue international flights.
The Ministry of National Defense in Taiwan stated that the purpose of the above exercises is to verify the combat plan, and continue to coordinate with each other, the division of labor and announcement of related departments such as aviation management, civil aviation, and police forces to take into account the training of combat reserve and flight.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Xu Shuting He Ping.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hcm2-06272023075352.html 
Taiwan communities oppose restarting the cross -strait service trade agreement calling on the presidential candidate to make a statement 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:18:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T13:40:51-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Taiwan local community held a press conference on the 27th to oppose the restarting cross -strait service trade agreement. Reporter Xia Xiaohua Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaOdao/gangtai/hx-06272023081836.html/@stream "Whether to restart the cross -strait service trade agreement" has recently become a hot topic of Taiwan's presidential election. On Monday, a press conference in Taiwan's local communities called on the candidates for elections of various parties to express their statements.
What are the differences between the "peace" in the Taiwan presidential election election under the shadow of the war? * * The Kuomintang announced the call for New Taipei Mayor Hou Youyi to run for 2024 Taiwan President * ** Taiwan Presidential Election Democratic Progressive Party Lai Qingde will call for the Kuomintang On March 18, 2014, the "Sunflower Movement" of the Legislative Yuan with Taiwan students as the main body, blocking the Ma Ying -jeou government and Beijing signed a cross -strait service trade agreement with Beijing. The agreement involves Taiwan's open 64 areas and more than 1,000 industries, and more than 4 million employment population is involved.
"Restarting the Cross -Strait Services and Trade Agreement", recently, because the presidential candidate of the Taiwanese party, Ke Wenzhe, threw this political opinion, was resurrected. The outside world believes that Ke Wenzhe has created cross -strait topics and snatching blue camp votes. The people's party advocates that cross -strait economic and trade must be "legalized" and "normalized."
Hou Youyi, a Kuomintang presidential candidate, followed up that cross -strait should restart dialogue and communicate with each other, including the cross -strait service trade agreement. However, Hou Youyi questioned that at the time, the agreement was blocked by the DPP and Ke Wenzhe's participants with the "Sun Flower" movement, which became an obstacle to economic exchanges on both sides of the strait.
Ke Wenzhe changed his mouth that he was a "anti -black box" service trade, not "anti -service trade". But nine years ago, he mentioned in the "Cross -Strait Service Trade Agreement" that the relevant agreement would allow Taiwan's high -level medical talents to run out of videos on the other side. In this regard, Ke Wenzhe responded on the 27th that trade cannot only be beneficial and no disadvantages. The most important thing is to maximize the benefits and minimize the disadvantages.
Lai Qingde, the presidential candidate of the Democratic Progressive Party, believes that Taiwan's investment in the United States and India has exceeded investment in China. Entering the first middle market is absolutely unfavorable to Taiwan.
 
Wang Xinghuan criticized that Ke Wenzhe was elected as the mayor of Taipei with the popular "anti -service trade" of the sun. Now in order to compete with the Kuomintang, he shouted "restarting service trade" and positioned the "anti -service trade" as a "anti -black box". The substantive problem of the United Front "go to politics" is the program problem.
Wang Xinghuan (middle), chairman of Taiwan Kaijin Party. (Reporter Xia Xiaohua) The service trade involves open more than a thousand industries to pour into Chinese immigrants 
Former Green Party convener Yu Xiaojing pointed out that the signing of the service trade agreement will allow Chinese funds to legally enter the various service industries and infrastructure in Taiwan and abduct Taiwan with economic interests.Chen Lifu, president of the Taiwan Professor Association, mentioned that China has 20%of the youth unemployment and 11 million graduates in June. On the other hand, there are only 23 million people in Taiwan. The unemployment problem will increase.
Chen Lifu said that Ma Ying -jeou's service trade agreement is on the gate of China. Once the Chinese people move to Taiwan, the largest party in Taiwan will be replaced by the Communist Party. This is the most terrifying thing.
Chen Lifu, president of the Taiwan Professor Association. (Reporter Xia Xiaohua) Zheng Muqun, director of the Taiwan Professor Association, also said: "At that time, they are no longer the United Front, and it is simply an irreversible new type of colonial. Hong Kong is a very bloody example. They are enough to change the results of Taiwan's past decades of free and democracy."
Zheng Muqun, director of the Taiwan Professor Association. (Reporter Xia Xiaohua) Taipei City Councilor: Restarting the service and trade will lock Taiwan into China 
Miao Boya, a member of the Taipei City, a Social Democratic Party, questioned why there is a great political risk and accepting China's political prerequisites to restart the service trade negotiations? Ma Ying -jeou had previously said that China was a springboard. At present, China has been surrounded by the world economy. Isn't Taiwan be tied with China and is not so far away?
Miao Boya said: "The trade relations between Taiwan and countries around the world are constantly strengthening, including the European Parliament also made resolutions, asking the European Union to evaluate whether to sign a BIA (bilateral trade agreement) with Taiwan. . If Taiwan can go out with its own identity and do business directly with countries in the world, why are they looking for among China? And China is a country that is hostile to us. "
Miao Boya, a member of the Social Democratic Party Taipei City. (Reporter Xia Xiaohua) Miao Boya emphasized: "Taiwan's restarting service trade is a chaotic bomb, and restarting service trade is to restart chaos. Taiwan should put limited time and resources to expand the United States, Japan, Australia, and Europe, and all friendship with all friendship Economic and trade negotiations between Taiwanese countries. If resources are misplaced, it is a wrong direction to delay economic progress with other countries. "
Miao Boya called on all presidential candidates to be obliged to and clearly tell Taiwanese society if the president will re -promote the service trade agreement. Miao Boya said that this is the most basic requirement for civil society and should not have fuzzy space.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting Chen Meihua He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx-06272023081836.html 
Putin condemned the mutiny but emphasized unity. 
Creator: VALERIE HOPKINS
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:27:16+08:00
Description: Putin spoke publicly after the mutiny, emphasizing that "the entire Russian social unity" surrounds its government. He avoided a series of problems left by the rebellion. It is unclear how Russian authorities will dispose of Perigo. Sergei Ilnitsky/EPA, Via Shutterstock on Moscow on Monday, President Putin spoke to the country on TV.
Images: [" 26ukraine-led... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 On Monday, although Putin responded to his reaction to the Wagner's hiring organizer organization on the weekend, he hinted that he would deal with people participating in the rebellion. Still condemning this rebellion was "ransom".
Putin's speech on Monday evening was the first publicly published in the past two days speech He refused to read the name of Wagner's leader Yefgeni Pleigo behind the rebellion. His contempt for some people is obvious. These people seem to threaten the civil war and subvert Russia's war in Ukraine -the Ukrainian army is currently launching a counterattack.
"They want the Russians to kill each other," said Russian President Putin. "They rubbed their hands and dreamed of revenge for them at the front and the so -called counterattacks."
The Kremlin was trying to create a normal, united and stable atmosphere all day. However, after experiencing the most serious crisis during the 22 years, Putin did not appear in the public view. When the Russian leader finally appeared, he avoided a series of unreasonable issues left by the rebellion. On Monday, the core of his five -minute speech was to insist that the country and government he led to maintain a united front on all threats.
advertise
He said: "Citizen unity shows that any attempt to extort or create internal turmoil is destined to fail."
The Wagner troops claim that they have reached within 200 kilometers of Moscow In the area, the Kremlin spokesman said that after the agreement was reached, the soldiers stopped abruptly. The agreement asked Perigo to be exiled to Belarus instead of accepting punishment. Putin said that Wagner soldiers who do not want to join the Russian regular army can also go there.
A piece of electronic billboard showing the Russian soldiers wrote "Our defender. Thank you!" Monday was taken in Moscow on Monday. Dmitri lovetsky/associateed presus
After the speech was delivered, the TV showed that he convened the Minister of Defense, the Minister of the Interior, the Attorney General, the Security Department, and the head of the National Guard to convene a meeting to discuss how to deal with the incident.
Not long ago, Pricig was important allies of Putin On Monday, he released a 11 -minute conscious stream memo on the TELEGRAM in the instant messaging application, saying that the government was trying to destroy Wagner, and he said Wagner had to dissolve before Saturday.
"We go to demonstration to protest, not to overthrow the government of the country," he said when talking about the fuse of Moscow's entry into Moscow. But Kremlin officials claimed that this was a traitor, not protest.
In the audio information on Monday, Pritigon once again severely criticized the way Russia's military leaders handled the invasion and accused them of attacking them again when the Wagner soldiers were preparing to abandon heavy weapons.
advertise
"The purpose of this movement is to prevent Wagner from being destroyed and ride some people to the law. In the process, they made a lot of mistakes because of unprofessional behavior," he said.
It is unclear where Pricig will be in office, and it is not clear how the Russian system will deal with him. Under the system, even the objection will be designated as criminal crimes, let alone armed rebellion. The Kremlin issued a statement on weekends saying that he would be allowed to exile, but on Monday, multiple official media reports reported that he was still facing investigation and was likely to be prosecuted, which contradicts Monday's statement.
His tens of thousands of soldiers -the most experienced and efficient troops in Russia -where will it go, and how this will affect the Ukrainian war, these are not clear. The government demands all the unconventional forces that fight for Russia in Ukraine to sign a contract with the Ministry of Defense before July 1, which marks the end of Wagner's semi -independent state, but it is unclear how many troops have already done or will do so.
Putin indirectly answered a question that many people at home and abroad since the beginning of the self -soldiers began: Russia ’s clear military strength has a greater advantage. Why did n’t they be able to occupy a military district headquarters and advance to Moscow hundreds of kilometers, quickly and ruthlessly. Suppress it?
"From the beginning of the incident, my direct instruction was to avoid the occurrence of large -scale bleeding," he said. "This takes time, including giving the wrong person a chance to change the idea."
A photo released by the Russian "Business News" shows that members of the Wagner Corps appeared in Rostov on the Russon River on Saturday. Vasily Deryugin/Kommersant
Deputy Prime Minister Andre Bueluusov said that in order to slow down the speed of Wagner's army to enter Moscow, it was destroyed by the Russian army on the weekend M4 Main Road It has been repaired, and all aviation and railway communications have been restored. The mayor of Moscow has lifted the restrictions after the rebellion and announced that the graduation ceremony of each school will be held this weekend.
On Monday, Russia released a silent videos about Minister of Defense Sergei Shoygu, which once again emphasized all the usual information, which shows that although Porigon has criticized the command of the Black War, Shaygu will continue to hold this position. Essence
President Biden said in the White House on Monday that he had held a video conference with the leaders of the allies to discuss the situation of the mutiny. He also said, "What we have to be clear is that we have not participated in it. We have a relationship with this matter. No. This belongs to the issue of struggle in the Russian system. "
On Monday, the Russian police stationed in front of the roadblock to Moscow's Red Square. Maxim shiPenkov/EPA, via shutterstockOn the Ukrainian battlefield, Kiev's army is launching counterattack Return to the territory occupied by Russia last year, Russia's domestic incidents did not bring significantly changes to the war situation, but some American officials and Western analysts said that the Russian army may be hit.
advertise
"Overall, because of this turmoil, the morale of Russian military is likely to be severely damaged," said Adidia Pallet, an analyst at Jane's Defense Intelligence Company.
However, Franz Stefan Gaddi, a senior consulting researcher at the Institute of International Strategy, said that the impact of assessing mutations is too early. He said that the firepower of the Russian army at the front line was not attenuated and the troops did not have large -scale rotation.
[Porigen Ren] who has served in prison in prison(https://www.nytimes.com/2023/06/24/world/europe/prigozhin-russia-wagner-putin.html)Using politicians to create a multi -armed commercial empire. For a few months, he proposed a series of sharp criticisms on the Russian military, and also claimed that some of Russia's some results in Ukraine were completely Wagner's credit. He criticized military leaders' incompetence and internal fighting to fight the hind legs, and these people also detained Wagner's required materials. He has been widely supported in Russians who support war, and he is generally considered to be based on a certain way in the future.
However, earlier this month, the Russian Ministry of Defense issued an order demanding that the informal forces must sign a contract with the military, although Pryigon strong opposition Rejecting cooperation, this order is still valid, which obviously shows that Putin stood on the side of the Herigu and military generals.
Under a system of unique seeing a crime, not to mention the armed rebellion, it is unclear how Pribeo will end. Alexander Ermochenko/Reuters
On Friday, Pricigen accused the regular army of fighting the Wagner forces, causing dozens of people to die (this statement has not been independently confirmed). His troops have entered Rostov on the main city of Don River in southern Russia. Candidate for Wu Military Action.
Seeing that this country with the world's largest nuclear arsenal is about to be in a turbulent](https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230626/russia-war-putin-wagner-prigozhin/)The world was shocked and afraid of this. On Saturday, Putin vowed to punish those who "consciously chose betrayal".
advertise
However, since then, [Intervention Mediation] in Putin Allies and Belarusian President Lukashenko(https://www.nytimes.com/2023/06/25/world/europe/belarus-lukashenko-russia-wagner.html)Next, Wagner's troops stopped entering Essence They retreated from Rostov on the River and highways leading to Moscow, reporting that they returned to the residence located in eastern Ukraine occupied by the Russian army.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230627/russia-wagner-prigozhin-ukraine/ 
EU draft: Climate change conflict should be prepared for the influence of overflowing 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:29
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T12:29
Description: According to a draft document seen by Reuters, the European Commission will call on member states to prepare for the impact of the "overflow" of the increase in the increase in climate change. The European Union also warned that it is necessary to evaluate risk assessments to the large -scale technical intervention that changes the climate. Technical intervention is considered ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['欧盟', '气候变化', '冲突', '全球变暖']
According to a draft document seen by Reuters, the European Commission will call on member states to prepare for the impact of the "overflow" of the increase in the increase in climate change.
The European Union also warned that it is necessary to evaluate risk assessments to the large -scale technical intervention that changes the climate. Technical intervention is considered a potential way to solve global warming.
Reuters reports that the European Commission said in the draft documents issued on Wednesday (June 28) that governments and Brussels need to take action to cope with increasing risks due to climate change.
The draft says that "we should face more (climate change) overflow effects for the EU."
"The emergence of these problems may be due to increased assistance demand, disrupted supply chains, and people who have escaped from unsuitable residential areas or extremely harsh climate conditions, and may lead to the increase in the number of domestic and unconventional immigrants in China."
The European Commission said that the European Union will begin to analyze a series of security -related climate effects, including immigration migration and evaluating the security impact of global abandonment of fossil fuel.
The draft also mentioned the potential large -scale technical intervention measures related to the earth's engineering and designed to cool the earth, saying that these technologies constitute new risks, and we know too little about these risks.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408234 
Reduce dependence on China's German and French consent to cooperate to obtain raw materials 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T12:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Berlin, 26th) Germany, France, and Italy today said that when Europe seeks dependence on relying on imports in China, they will cooperate closely in raw materials.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that German Economic Minister Robert Habeck said in a statement: "The more diversified supply of raw materials is economic security."
Harbak said that three European Union (EU) member states of Germany and France will set up working groups to discuss the "extraction, processing and recycling" of key raw materials.
French Economic and Financial Minister Bruno Le Maire also said in a statement: "We need to help our industry and achieve the raw materials required to successfully achieve digital and ecological transformation."
At Lamel, Berke, and the Minister of Economic Development of Italy, said at a joint press conference in Berlin that the forums in the EU's three largest economies of Germany and France will "as far as our dependence and procure direction will be And ensure strategic inventory exchange information. "
The European Union Executive Committee (European Commission) proposed in March to ensure the supply of raw materials such as lithium or nickel. These are materials required for key technologies such as batteries or solar panels.
Limer welcomes the Proposal of the European Executive Committee, thinking that this is the "first step", and it is said that the cooperation between the three countries of Germany and France is a "further" opportunity.
The EU proposal will be particularly encouraged to establish raw materials mining and extraction plans in Europe. Central News Agency (translation)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E9%99%8D%E4%BD%8E%E4%BE%9D%E8%B5%96%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD-%E5%BE%B7%E6%B3%95%E4%B9%89%E5%90%8C%E6%84%8F%E5%90%88%E4%BD%9C%E5%8F%96%E5%BE%97%E5%8E%9F%E6%96%99 
Reducing dependence on China's German and French intentions will work closely in obtaining raw raws 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:34:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T12:42:34-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 (from left to right)Lamel, Harbick, and Italian Economic Development Minister Adolfo Urso co -hosted a press conference in Berlin. Agence France -Presse pictures reported that Germany, France, and Italy stated that when Europe seeks dependence on relying on imports in China, they will cooperate more closely in raw materials. According to Agence France -Presse, German Economic Minister Roberthabeck said in a statement: "The more diverse supply of raw materials is economic security." Harbick said that the three EU members of Germany and France said that the three EU members of the European Union (EU) were members of the EU (EU). The country will set up a working group to discuss the "extraction, processing and recycling" of key raw raws. French Economic and Financial Minister Bruno Le Maire also said in a statement: "We need to help our industry and achieve the raw materials required for digital and ecological transformation." Economic Development Minister Adolfourso said at a joint press conference in Berlin that this forum between the three largest economies of the EU's largest economy will "" information on our dependence, procurement direction, and ensuring strategic inventory exchange information. " (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-06272023123010.html 
Steering for regeneration agriculture is a global trend, and the full value chain is required (Free Version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-27T12:40:48+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-26T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T08:27:99+08:00
Description: Fan Shenggen, a professor at the Chinese Agricultural University, said that maintaining the "cultivated land red line" and allowing small farmers to benefit from recycled agriculture by using organic fertilizers and other methods are challenges facing Chinese agriculture and land.
Images: [" 000146942_pic... "]
Themes: ['夏季达沃斯', '关注']
Keywords: ['夏季达沃斯', '粮食安全', '农业科技', '可持续发展', '可持续投资']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
95%of the world's food production relies on soil, but one -third of the world's soil has degraded. Heavy machinery, fertilizer and pesticides used in intensive agriculture will accelerate soil degradation. The World Economic Forum stated that "within 50 years, there may not be enough soil to plant food to support the world."
The focus of regenerative agriculture is to improve soil health. The huge potential of healthy soil to be developed will help reduce emissions, promote the realization of climate and natural goals, improve livelihood and ensure food safety.
China ’s total grain imports in 2021 exceeded 160 million tons, mainly from the United States and Brazil. Yao Junkun, manager of the Enterprise Affairs Department of Yazhen International Group, told FT Chinese website after the meeting that regenerative agriculture is an inevitable trend of global food security transformation. Public consciousness and consumer concepts also need to change.
In the afternoon of June 27, Tianjin Summer Davos's "importance of soil" theme sub -forum, Fan Shenggen, a professor of Chinese Agricultural University, said that to keep the "cultivated land red line", it is also necessary Yi is the challenge facing Chinese agriculture and land. "Small farmers" refer to farmers with less than 10 acres (about 0.67 hectares) operating arable land. According to the third national agricultural census data in 2017, the proportion of 210 million small farmers accounted for 79.6%of all farmers.
Yu Xiaowang, general manager of the Chinese Group of Yazhen International Group, pointed out in his speech that the main challenges faced by small farmers are: 1. Lack of knowledge channels and technologies for small farmers to understand and analyze soil and crops; Soil conditions. To solve these problems requires close cooperation in upstream and downstream, including providing financial funding, it is feasible.
"Innovation must have a lot of wings." Fan Shenggen believed that he needed the current support system for reform. He cited an example from a policy perspective: "At a place 50 kilometers away from the venue (referring to the venue), the groundwater surface has reached a record low. The government uses subsidies of 500 yuan per mu to encourage farmers not to extract groundwater irrigation to slow down the groundwater level. "
"There are more creatures in the soil than the global population. We have to listen to the needs of the soil." Olekristiansivertsen, president and group CEO of the Norwegian Desert Control (Desert 14 /40 Control), pointed out that in the face of the soil that has been completely exposed, you can The method of covering crops is used to protect existing soils instead of simply not farming; at the same time, the carbon capture capacity of soil is also worthy of being developed. However, Fan Shenggen also pointed out that even if the existing technology can reduce agricultural carbon emissions, if technology cannot be mass -produced, farmers cannot inspire farmers to use it.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100094 
The number of people in Jiangxi became more than 490,000 people. 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:41:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:01:56-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The heavy rain in Jiangxi area continued in May, and the flood drowned residents' homes. (From CCTV News) The heavy rain in Jiangxi Province has been in the Jiangxi Province for more than a week, and the disaster has been reported in many places. As of 4 pm on the 26th, 491,000 people had been affected and economic losses were RMB 510 million. In early May of this year, Jiangxi was also attacked by heavy rain, and the disaster was about 520 million yuan. According to Chinese official media reports, the Jiangxi Provincial Department of Emergency Management pointed out that at 4 pm from the 20th to 26th, the continuous heavy rainfall caused rivers in many places in Jiangxi, and some roads collapsed, house damage, and crops were flooded. There are 90 counties and cities. It is reported that due to the heavy rainfall, there are 4 rivers in Jiangxi exceeding the alarm line, up to 0.18 meters. At the same time, the water level of Poyang Lake, the largest freshwater lake in China, continued to rise, and the iconic hydrological observation station Xingzi Station measured the water level of 14.03 meters, an increase of 0.87 meters from the previous day. The Jiangxi Provincial Department of Emergency Management stated that the concentration of rainfall this round has ended, and it is still necessary to strengthen monitoring and inspection of disaster -prone areas. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-06272023123455.html 
Minister of Economy Germany: Strengthening raw materials cooperation and reducing dependence on China's imports 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T12:45:00Z
Description: The German Federal Economic Minister Habeck said: "Our raw material supply is better diversified is economic security, and more close raw materials cooperation is economic security."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['中欧', '原材料', '经济合作', '原材料进口', '中国', '价值链']
Id: 66045881
German Federal Economic Minister Robert Habeck: Diversified raw material supply is economic security
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Economic Minister of Economic Minister of Germany, France, and Italy said in Berlin on Monday (June 26) that they hoped to cooperate closer to the procurement of key raw materials and reduce Dependence on imports from China Essence
European countries are negotiating on the topic, and ministers of various countries advocate agreeing with the goals of raw materials mining, processing and recycling.
Robert Habeck, the German Federal Economic Minister, said: "Our raw material supply is better diversified is economic security, and more close raw materials cooperation is economic security."
To prevent potential crisis EU formulating plans to promote the diversification of rare earth supply chain 
Lithium, cobalt and silicon and other materials are essential among high -tech products and are the key to the group's green and digital transformation.
French Economic Minister, Bruno Le Maire, said that countries will discuss future joint storage and joint procurement.
Adolfo Urso, the Italian Economic Minister, said: "Italy, Germany, and France constitute an important part of the EU economy and share the value chain in many aspects."
In addition, they believe that they should be reinstated and recovered, but long -term environment and social standards should also be formulated.
The Economic Minister plans to hold further talks on digital technology in Rome, and hold further talks about green technology in Paris.
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德法意经济部长：加强原材料合作，减少对中国进口依赖/a-66045881?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Putin: Wagner is completely funded by Russia's Ministry of Defense: Wagner will transfer weapons and equipment 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T12:51:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T13:42:55-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the full armed Wagner mercenary sitting on a tank on the streets of Rostov City, and was taken on June 24. The Associated Press Photo According to the Broadcasting Corporation reported on Tuesday, Russian President Putin said that members of the Wagner's mercenary organization were completely funded by the state. Putin said that from May 2022 to May 2023, Wagner received 86.262 billion rubles ($ 1 billion) wages and bonuses, which came from the Russian Ministry of Defense and the national budget. Last Saturday, Wagner's rebellion shocked Russia. His leader, Eveni Poriger, arrived in Belarus on Tuesday after he agreed to leave Russia. Belarus leader Lukashenko confirmed his arrival. Earlier, a private jet -related private jet was tracked to Minsk, the capital of Belarus. Last Saturday, the mercenaries led by Wagner's owner Yofgeni Porigerjin occupied Rostov on the Russian city of Russia, and marched to Moscow, which shot down the Russian military helicopter and a plane on the way. After the agreement was reached with the help of Lukashenko, their rebellion was suspended. The Russian authorities said Wagner would be lifted, but his members would escape prosecution due to their brief rebellion. Putin said: "We always respect the soldiers and commanders of this group, because they do show bravery and heroism." He said that the authorities would pay the investigation to pay for the money of Wagner and its leaders. The Russian Ministry of Defense said Wagner is preparing to transfer heavy weapons and equipment to the Russian army. According to the relevant departments of the Russian Federal Security Agency, criminal allegations of those participating in the rebellion have also been revoked. The Federal Security Agency said that Wagner members were facing prosecution due to armed rebellion, but the case had been closed because the rebels did not really commit crimes. Putin said on Monday that the Wagner soldiers either joined the regular army or went home or went to Belarus. Lukashenko said Belarus has not yet begun to build any camp for the organization members, but if they are willing, they will provide them with accommodation. Earlier on Tuesday, Putin told the Russian army in Moscow that their actions during the mutiny prevented a "civil war" and mourned for the victims for a minute. He insisted that the Wagner Army was never supported by the army or the people. Although the Wagner army left Rostov on the River on the River, the crowd cheered and applauded for the Wagner army. According to reports from Broadcasting Corporation, the treatment of Russian mercenaries is in sharp contrast to the treatment of opposition politicians and activists, and many of them are prison only because they publicly oppose the Ukraine War. For example, the opposition activist Vladimir Cara-Mulza(Vladimir Kara-Murza)He was sentenced to 25 years in prison for the crime of rebellion. In comparison, Tagner's leader Progetsu and armed personnel participating in the rebellion seemed to be released. Pricigo defended his behavior, insisting that the rebellion was not to challenge Putin's leadership position. On the contrary, he described him as a mercenary organization that saved him from being absorbed by the Russian army and revealing the failure of the country's military leadership. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-06272023124526.html 
Japan Okinawa Brewery's cooling water leaks the river and dyes red 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T13:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T13:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 27th) A beer factory in Namu City, Okinawa, Japan today mistakenly leaked the cooling water containing food adding propylene glycol, causing the nearby river water surface and the surface of famous fishing ports to be dyed red.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 OrionBreworks said that the leaky water is cooling, containing propylene glycol, and dyeing red with edible pigment, which is leaked from a factory in the area. In the statement, the industry apologizes to trouble and worry.
In the apology notes, the industry pointed out that the cooling water that judged the leak flowing into the ocean along the drainage ditch will occur in the sea, and the seawater will be stained red.
Although it looks terrible, the presence news quotes the factory statement that these red external leakage water will not harm the human body and the marine ecology.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%AC%E5%86%B2%E7%BB%B3%E5%95%A4%E9%85%92%E5%8E%82%E5%86%B7%E5%8D%B4%E6%B0%B4%E5%A4%96%E6%B3%84-%E6%B2%B3%E5%B7%9D%E6%9F%93%E6%88%90%E7%BA%A2%E8%89%B2 
The number of people who moved to Germany in 2022 set a historical record 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T13:51:00Z
Description: After Russia invaded Ukraine, 1.1 million Ukrainian refugees have so far visited Germany for asylum, which led to the unprecedented level of immigrants to Germany last year. The number of German citizens moved to other countries has also increased.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['欧债危机', '欧盟', '欧洲难民危机', '移民难民', '融入社会', '德国', '科隆', '留学德国', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选']
Keywords: ['移民', '乌克兰战争', '难民', '德国', '统计局', '迁移']
Id: 66046490
The Ukrainian war forced 1.1 million Ukrainian refugees to go to Germany to seek asylum
(Voice of Germany) The German Federal Bureau of Statistics (Destatis) said in a report released on Tuesday (June 27) that the number of people who moved to Germany in 2022 was higher than before any previous year.
In this year, about 2.67 million people in Germany moved to Germany, 1.2 million people left Germany and moved to other countries, with a net increase of 1.46 million.
The Federal Statistics Bureau of Germany stated that the Ukrainian war forced 1.1 million Ukrainian refugees to go to Germany to seek asylum This is the main reason for the influx of refugees.
In contrast, the number of people who moved to Germany in 2021 was 1.32 million, and the number of people who left Germany and moved to other countries was 994,000.
Where does German immigrants come from? 
Most Ukrainians who entered Germany arrived from March to May 2022, that is, Russia launched a comprehensive invasion. Since August, this number has continued to decline.
In 2022, the number of people from Syria, Afghanistan and Turkey also increased compared to the previous year.
Is there a dual standard on the problem of refugee? 
At the same time, the number of people from other EU countries also increased slightly, an increase of 87,000, while the net increase of 81,000 in 2021.
The major EU countries of German immigrants are Romania, Poland and Bulgaria.
New "Green Card", do you want to apply? 
Germans are also migrating 
In 2022, the number of German citizens moved to other countries also increased. 83,000 people left, compared with 64,000 in 2021.
The main destinations of German immigrants are Switzerland, Austria and the United States.
In Germany, data showed that more than 1 million people were flowing between 16 federal states.
The population of Baden-Fuetteburg, the capital of Berlin and southwest, has the largest loss of population, about 10,000 people. Among them, Brandenburg, which surrounds Berlin, is the main winner of domestic immigrants.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Albal Einstein 
Without him and his theory of relativity, our awareness of the universe will be very different. When Nazi came to power in 1933, Einstein was in the United States. As a Jewish peaceistist, he would live his life in Germany. Therefore, he gave up German nationality and officially immigrated to the United States.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Henry Kissinger 
He is an expert in Harvard, former Secretary of State of the United States and a world -renowned international relations expert. In 1938, in order to avoid the Nazi persecution, Kissinger left his hometown of Bavaria, Germany. During World War II, he fought with his German compatriots as a US soldier, but despite this, Kissinger often said that part of his part is always German.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
尔 马 马 
The family of the Czech Republic Madea Orbrete experienced two escapes: the first time was after the Nazi occupation of Prague in 1938 to London. Essence In 1997, Olbatt became the first female Secretary of State in American history.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
m.i.a. 
Her real name is Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam, but fans obviously prefer her for short M.I.A. As a child, she fled to the United Kingdom as a Sri Lanka refugee to India. In an interview, she said: "At the beginning, I always told people that I came from Terrineda so that I didn't want to talk about Sri Lanka and the war there. At that time, I didn't mean that I was a refugee."
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Miriamum Makoba 
South African female singer Miliamum Markaba, fans also called it "African mother". During her tour in the United States, the South African authorities issued a restrictions on prohibiting her from returning from home. In 1967, her "Patapata" sang the whole world. After years of exile in Guinea and Belgium, in 1990, Marka returned to South Africa at the invitation of President Mandela.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Freddi Moqili 
After the revolution in East Africa Sang to Balt Island, his parents fled to London with the young Fredi. Later stories were well known that Freddiemercury became the lead singer of the queen band. After the rock superstar died in AIDS, it also inspired the international community's attention to AIDS issues.
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Thomas Man 
He was regarded as one of the greatest writers of the 20th century. At the rise of the Nazi movement, Thomas Man described this as "the frenzy of barbaric behaviors." In 1933, he immigrated to Switzerland and immigrated to the United States in 1939. In 1938, as an exile, Thomas Man called: "Where do I, where is Germany? I have a German culture on my body."
*#
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
Isabelian Aliande 
In 1973, after the bloody military coup in Chile, the Abel family fled to Venezuela. Thirteen years later, Alland immigrated to the United States. She wrote a later famous work "Ghost House" based on her personal experience. In 2015, she called on Europe to welcome the arrival of refugees with her personal experience.
Those refugees who leave their names in the history 
sitting cow 
Indian Chief Tatanka Iyotake)It is also known as sitting cows and has a period of exile. In 1877, after fighting the famous small big horns with the U.S. military, he led two thousand people to flee to Canada. In 1881, he returned to the United States to surrender to the authorities. After serving his sentence, he spent the rest of his life in an Indian reservation.
Author: Dagmar Breitenbach, Martin Muno
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/2022年移居德国人数创下历史记录/a-66046490?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Hunan teacher Li Tiantian, a teacher of Hunan, was forced to be sent to Japan to start a new life 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T13:58:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T14:01:59-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Articles published by Hunan Rural Teacher Li Tiantian.com show that she has left her hometown. Shanhua Shitian WeChat screenshot of Hunan Rural Teacher Li Tiantian on the 26th through its WeChat public account "Shanhua Shitian", he issued "29 years old, find your own life park!" The older child starts a new life. According to the Central News Agency reported on the 27th, Li Tiantian was famous for criticizing China's grass -roots poverty alleviation. More than a year ago, he was given a psychiatric hospital for an official more than a year ago. She recently published an article on the Internet show that a family of three has successfully went to Japan to start a new life. In the past, she believed that going abroad was a rich person. She did not realize that "the earth was the home of all human beings, and the migration of freely was also the basic right of people." The family, neighbors, and classmates around him were abroad. After Li Tiantian described himself to Japan, "not like a foreign country, but more like a person who was in a disappeared direction finally found a place to settle down." (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-06272023134848.html 
After the "diesel gates" fraud pleaded guilty, the former CEO of Audi Stadler was sentenced to probation 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T14:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T13:50:01+00:00
Description: (Munich, France New News Agency, 27th) The former CEO of Audi, Germany, was sentenced to probation and fine after the fraud trial of the "diesel gate". Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that the 60 -year -old Rupert Stadler was sentenced to one year and nine months, and ordered him to pay a fine of 1.1 million euros.
Audi, Porsche, Skoda, and SEAT (Volkswagen) scandals broke out in 2015, and in the same year, in the same year In September, illegal software was admitted to manipulate the exhaust emissions of 11 million diesel vehicles worldwide. This scandal caused the group to be in crisis.
In the "diesel door" trial starting in 2020, Stadler has always denied all illegal acts.
Until May of this year, Studler's lawyer Ulrike Thole-Groll told the court in the statement that after the scandal broke out, "in the process of solving the diesel problem", Studler "neglected "Cars that inform the business partners with the so -called" DefeatDevice "are still selling in the market.
"Effective device" can make the volume emissions from the vehicle less than the actual emissions of the road when the vehicle is tested.
Fox has always insisted that the diesel gates scandal was caused by a few grass -roots employees secretly acting as superiors.
However, German prosecutors said that even after learning about the relevant situation, Stadler still allowed to sell thousands of vehicles with cheating devices before 2018.
Wolfgang Hatz, the other name of the same case, former Audi and Porsche director, was sentenced to 2 years of probation and fined 400,000 euros.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E9%92%88%E5%AF%B9-%E6%9F%B4%E6%B2%B9%E9%97%A8-%E8%AF%88%E6%AC%BA%E6%A1%88%E8%AE%A4%E7%BD%AA%E5%90%8E-%E5%A5%A5%E8%BF%AA%E5%89%8D%E6%89%A7%E8%A1%8C%E9%95%BF%E5%8F%B2%E5%A1%94%E5%BE%B7%E5%8B%92%E9%81%AD%E5%88%A4%E7%BC%93%E5%88%91 
The pagoda said that he was sufficient to support him to make him as the Prime Minister of Thailand 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T14:13
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T14:43
Description: The leader of the Thai party party said that he has received sufficient support in the House of Lords, which means that he can become the next Prime Minister of Thailand. Reuters reports that according to the Thai Constitution, the Prime Minister candidate must receive at least half of the 750 seats in the upper and lower two houses, namely 376 votes. Depend on...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['泰国', '首相', '前进党', '披塔']
The leader of the Thai party party said that he has received sufficient support in the House of Lords, which means that he can become the next Prime Minister of Thailand.
Reuters reports that according to the Thai Constitution, the Prime Minister candidate must receive at least half of the 750 seats in the upper and lower two houses, namely 376 votes. The Democratic Eight Party League led by the Pagoda controlled 312 seats in the 500 seats in the next House, and the Pagoda was 64 votes.
When he was asked how much he received the support he received in the House of Lords on Tuesday (June 27), he replied: "Enough to make me a Prime Minister."
The 50 seats in the House of Shanghai and the House of Shang were appointed by the Thai military.
The new House of Congress of Thailand will hold the first meeting on July 3 to select the deputy speakers and deputy speakers.
Thailand's "National Daily" quoted Sunday sources reported that the military and police estimated that the party and the Alliance Party planned to hold a rally before the Prime Minister of the Parliament was planned to increase pressure on the council, but it was not certain whether the party supporters were supporters of the party Will be rally outside the Congress Building.
The public security work outside the Capitol Building will be responsible for the police. According to sources, the Army has ordered the soldiers of all military camps near the Capitol to enter the state of standby.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408263 
The former director of the Beijing State -owned Assets Commission is & quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T14:16:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:04:51-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Data photo: Zhang Guilin, the original director of the SASAC of Beijing Municipal Government Screenshot of Baidu Encyclopedia Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/Zhengzhi/jw-06272023105523.html/@stream After seven months of "disciplinary violations" investigation, Zhang Guilin, the former director of the Beijing State SASAC, was officially announced "Double Kai". However, in his charges, a private and reading "book and magazine with serious political issues" is the most prominent and aroused heated discussion on public opinion.
Books and magazines for private collections of senior officials are opened * [The key investigation officials of the Communist Party of China have been forbidden to be punished by Deputy Mayor Anhui Huainan.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/QL-11022020035358.html) ** Hall -level officials reading overseas books was double -opened According to the news of the Beijing Municipal Commission for Discipline Inspection, Zhang Guilin, former director of the State -owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the Beijing Municipal People's Government, was expelled from the party and public office for serious disciplinary violations. Seven months after Zhang Guilin was announced by the disciplinary inspection department in November last year, Zhang Guilin was established and was officially "double -opened."
In the charges of Zhang Guilin, the authorities accused Zhang Guilin, "Books and periodicals with weak political awareness, and public -hidden, reading with serious political issues" ranked first, followed by receiving gifts, consumption cards, and reporting personal matters. Crime crime of bribery such as rights and money transactions. This rare crime of "political issues" has once again triggered heated discussion among public opinion.
In an interview with this station, Lin Shengliang, a Chinese dissident in the Netherlands, analyzed in this interview that in recent years, the sense of crisis of the CCP's firm regime has risen sharply in recent years. Come to political rectification to strictly investigate the loyalty of officials.
"The book must be related to Xi Jinping. When it comes to the ban, it was often a similar book" Xi Jinping and his lover "published by the Causeway Bay Bookstore in Hong Kong at that time. This book has a very large blow to Xi Jinping." The book is also an important weapon for the party's opposition to Xi Jinping. "Now that in the CCP system, the sense of crisis of the regime is getting stronger and stronger, and it has reached the stage of being soldiers."
Zhang Guilin issued by the Communist Party of China Discipline Inspection Commission was expelled from the party and public office (screenshot of the webpage) So, what exactly is the so -called "serious political issue book"? According to Article 45 and 46 of the "Communist Party Disciplinary Regulations", related to the definition of "books and magazines with serious political issues", in addition to publicly publicizing the four basic basic positions of bourgeois liberalization, opposition to four basic items, opposition to four basic items In principle, in addition to the decision -making of the opposition party's reform and opening up, it is obviously more sensitive to discuss the central government's policy, destroy the party's centralized unity, uglown the party and the state image, slander the party and the state leaders, and distorting the party history and the history of the military. The content of illegal party members is also very serious.
Deng Yanwen, the former editor of the "Study Times" of the Central Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, told this station that "books and magazines with serious political issues" are banned, and reading and reading within the party has always been normal.
"In the extreme age of the Cultural Revolution, it is not completely banned, and now it is even more unable to do it." He said, "I violate the party's requirements. I believe that everyone in the party's senior cadres has it. What is going on, but even if the accident happens, it will be charged in the party. "
Deng Yanwen believes that, to some extent, the CCP authorities have currently reached the extreme of the purity and political loyalty of party members and cadres, and the concreteness of party loyalty is to be loyal to Xi Jinping.
Wang Ruiqin, a former member of the Qinghai Provincial Political Consultative Conference, also pointed out that the so -called "private collection, reading books with serious political issues", which is a common phenomenon in this generation of young cadres who enjoy the dividends of reform and opening up. She believes that the crime of economic is large or small, but once it rises to political loyalty, there is basically no room for rotation. Therefore, this political charges are likely to be an important tool used in the party's struggle to clean up the dissidents, and it will also cause the "cold cicada" effect among other party members and cadres.
According to the report from the Communist Party of China, it is very popular. In 2018, when the original deputy governor of Guizhou was "double -opened", similar charges also appeared; in the case of Sun Zhengcai, the former secretary of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee, Wu Dehua, the former member of the former member of the Yubei District District Committee involved in the case Watch "books and magazines with serious political issues."
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: He Ping.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/jw-06272023105523.html 
Sample executives were suspected of stealing commercial secrets for Foxconn, Samsung executives were prosecuted 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T14:25:00Z
Description: A former Samsung executive was prosecuted for Foxconn's stealing commercial secrets for Foxconn in China. The exposed details include digging talents. The defendant's lawyer refuted the allegations and believed that the defendant was a scapegoat that South Korea was involved in the competition between China and the United States.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['富士康', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '新加坡', '智能手机']
Keywords: ['三星', '富士康', '西安', '新加坡', '芯片']
Id: 66047085
South Korean President Yin Xiyue said that the tense situation in the United States and China pushed the competition of the chip industry to the "comprehensive war"
(Voice of Germany) According to a prosecution from the South Korean Procuratorate obtained by Reuters, a former Samsung executive was accused of stealing the company's business secrets for Foxconn. According to this 18 -page prosecution, Choijinseog signed a contract with Foxconn in 2018. Since then, he sneaked into the employer's supply network to steal confidential information and provides them to new customers to help in China in China Establish a chip factory.
Earlier, the South Korean Procuratorate announced on June 12th However, the details of the case were not announced, and Cui Jinxi's name was not mentioned, but it attracted media attention.
The indictment stated that the act of theft of commercial secrets caused more than $ 200 million in losses. The document describes the details of Cui Jinxi's stealing Samsung commercial secrets and the construction of the factory plan.
It is reported that Cui Jinxi was arrested at the end of May this year and has been detained so far. He denied all allegations through lawyers.
The indictment wrote that Cui Jinxi passed the semiconductor consulting company in Singapore. After signed a contract with Foxconn in 2018, he dug a large number of employees from Samsung, and illegally obtained confidential information from the construction of the semiconductor clean room management from two contractors. Samsung established a chip factory in Xi'an in 2012, and both companies participated in the construction of the Samsung China plant.
Cui Jinxi's lawyer denied these allegations that the information obtained had nothing to do with how to design or manufacture chips.
For example, how to build a semiconductor clean room has an open international standard, which is not a unique thing for Samsung. He said that Cui Jinxi was just a scapegoat that South Korea was involved in the competition between China and the United States. Not long ago, South Korean President Yin Xiyue said that the tension situation in the United States and China brought the competition of the chip industry push to the "comprehensive war" Essence
Foxconn ended the contract with Cui Jinxi consulting company in 2019, and the plan of the semiconductor factory stopped. The indictment did not mention any improper behavior of Foxconn. In a statement, the company said that the guessing of this Korean judicial dispute case was not ends because the investigation was not over and it was inconvenient to comment, "we comply with local laws and regulations." Samsung, the world's number one storage chip manufacturer, is also reluctant to comment on the case. According to Reuters, the trial of the Cui Jinxi case will begin on July 12.
What is the future of the chip industry? 
(Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/涉嫌为富士康窃取商业机密-前三星高管被起诉/a-66047085?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
China will push new revitalization measures, and the US economic data will be closed for high European stocks 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T14:32:06+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T17:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 27th) Due to the Chinese State Council Prime Minister Li Qiang said that the Chinese economy is expected to achieve about 5 % of the growth target determined at the beginning of the year this year, and some new economic data announced by the United States bring positive information, reduce the concerns of recession, the European stock market Today, a small rise.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Li Qiang also said today that Beijing will launch new measures to revitalize the weak national economy and stimulate domestic demand.
The London FTSE 100 Index rose 7.88 points or 0.11%to close 7461.46 points.
The Frankfurt DAX Index rose 33.80 points or 0.21%to close 15846.86 points.
The Paris CAC 40 index rose 31.23 points or 0.43%to close 7215.58 points. (Translator: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230627-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%B0%86%E6%8E%A8%E6%96%B0%E6%8C%AF%E5%85%B4%E6%8E%AA%E6%96%BD-%E7%BE%8E%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE%E4%BD%B3-%E6%AC%A7%E8%82%A1%E6%94%B6%E9%AB%98 
Belarusian President Rakashenco admits that the conflict between Wagner and the regular army has not been properly handled 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T14:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T14:05:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Moscow, 27th) Belarusian President Rakashenko admits today that the long -term tension between Wagner and the Russian army has not been properly handled.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Alexanderlukashenko told the state media that regarding the long -term discord between Wagner Group and the Russian regular army, "We have not dealt with this situation in time, and also think that the problem will be resolved automatically, but of course it will not ... in this kind of ... In the case, no one is a hero. "
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E7%99%BD%E4%BF%84%E6%80%BB%E7%BB%9F%E9%B2%81%E5%8D%A1%E7%94%B3%E6%9F%AF%E5%9D%A6%E8%A8%80-%E7%93%A6%E6%A0%BC%E7%BA%B3%E4%B8%8E%E6%AD%A3%E8%A7%84%E5%86%9B%E7%9A%84%E5%86%B2%E7%AA%81%E6%9C%AA%E8%8E%B7%E5%A6%A5%E5%96%84%E5%A4%84%E7%90%86 
Luchenke: During the Russian mutiny, he ordered the Belarusian army to prepare for the battle. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T14:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T14:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Moscow, 27th) Belarusan President Rakashenco said today that during the Taga Group's mutiny of the Russian mercenary organization, he ordered the army to "make good preparations for fighting." He also admits that the long -term tension between Wagner and the Russian army has not been properly handled.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that Alexander Lukashenko said in a comment released through official media that during the launch of Wagnergroup, "I issued all orders to let the army enter a state of comprehensive combat reserve." This brief force was mediate by Luchenko to resolve the crisis for Russian President Pu Ting.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E9%B2%81%E5%8D%A1%E7%94%B3%E6%9F%AF-%E4%BF%84%E5%9B%BD%E5%85%B5%E5%8F%98%E6%9C%9F%E9%97%B4%E6%9B%BE%E4%B8%8B%E4%BB%A4%E7%99%BD%E4%BF%84%E5%86%9B%E9%98%9F%E5%87%86%E5%A4%87%E6%88%98%E6%96%97 
Again the abolition of the US -China Science and Technology Agreement on the Threat of the United States Council for China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T14:33:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T14:34:57-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows Mike Gallagher, chairman of the Federal House of the House of Representatives, listened to hearing in the House of Representatives. The Associated Press information pictures of the United States Council appealed on Tuesday that the State Council should not renew the "US -China Science and Technology Agreement" with a history of decades. They believe that the Beijing authorities will try to use this agreement to strengthen their military strength. Mike Gallagher, chairman of the Federal House of Representatives, and nine Republican members of the House of China, have called for the abolition of this agreement. Members wrote: "The People's Republic of China uses academic researchers, industrial espionage, forced technology transfer, and other means to obtain advantages in key technology, thereby promoting the modernization of the People's Liberation Army." They pointed out: "The United States must stop promoting its own destruction. It is a good step to make the scientific and technological agreement (no renewal)." Signed during the China Construction Communications, and since then it has been renewed every 5 years. This agreement has contributed to cooperation between the two parties from the fields of atmosphere and agricultural science, and even the basic research of physics and chemistry. According to Reuters, this agreement expired on August 27 this year, but China continued to expand its military strength and stole American science and business achievements, which made the United States worry, causing questions about whether it should be renewed. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-06272023143009.html 
BBC: New evidence shows that Chinese spy balloons appear in Asia 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T14:44
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:15
Description: The Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) announced the new evidence of Chinese spy balloon activities in Asia, and pointed out that the balloon had flying over Japan and Taiwan. BBC cooperated with artificial intelligence company Synthetaic to screen a large amount of information detected by satellites, and found that multiple displayed balloons ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['中国', '间谍', '美国', '亚洲']
The Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) announced the new evidence of Chinese spy balloon activities in Asia, and pointed out that the balloon had flying over Japan and Taiwan.
BBC cooperated with artificial intelligence company Synthetaic to screen a lot of information detected by satellites, and found that multiple images displayed balloons flying over East Asia.
Officials from the Ministry of National Defense confirmed that there were indeed many balloons flying over the Japanese territory. The Japanese government is taking all preventive measures and preparing to shoot down the balloon to protect the lives and property of the Japanese people.
Former East Asian analysts Calver, former CIA (CIA), said that this is not a single incident, but a long -term event that can be traced back to at least five years ago. He believes that Chinese spy balloon is designed for these long -distance tasks, and some of them have obviously surrounded the entire earth.
China has not responded directly to the evidence provided by the BBC.
In February this year, the United States shot down a leader in the United States Suspected Chinese Spy Balloon As a result, the US -China relations deteriorate further. U.S. Secretary of State Brosky's visits to China in February is therefore shelved Essence
China claims that the balloon that fly over the United States is used for meteorological research, and the influence of the influence of the western band deviates from the route.
Brillings arrived in Beijing on June 18 After two days of visits, the visit marked that the diplomatic relations between the United States and China once again entered a stable development stage, and the balloon incident with China should come to an end.
Visited by Brinken on MSNBC on June 20 I said: "We have done what we need to do to protect our interests. We said what we need to say, and clarify that this situation will not happen again. Therefore, as long as it does not happen, this matter should come here. until."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408273 
German media: Putin is in danger in China and is worried about China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-27T14:47:00Z
Description: "New Zurich" analysis believes that although the Wagner Group's motion allowed the CCP to see that Putin's position in Russia is fragile, Beijing will still secretly support Putin. The Frankfurt Report pointed out that the signal of China's foreign policy is: China cannot afford it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['德中关系', '薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '专题报道：习近平访美', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团', '德语媒体']
Keywords: ['普京', '俄罗斯', '瓦格纳集团', '乌克兰战争', '外交', '对华政策', '习近平', '德语媒体']
Id: 66047414
Xi Jinping visited Moscow and Putin in March 2023
(Voice of Germany Chinese) published an analysis article in Switzerland's "New Zurich", arguing that Wagner Group's mutiny has caused China to worry about Russia's unstable. The article pointed out that after the military change occurred, the official Chinese media did not report as soon as possible, showing the tension of Beijing leaders.
"The event that happened on the weekend relentlessly revealed the vulnerability of Russian President Putin's status, which undoubtedly sounded the alarm to Chinese leaders. If the Putin's system was shaken or even collapsed, it may bring unpredictable consequences to China.
Russia and China have nearly 4,300 kilometers. If a civil war occurs in Russia, it may inevitably bring unstable to the border area. The last time the Sino -Russian army was 54 years old. The latest boundary treaty was signed in the late 1990s. If China is involved in a military conflict, it will have an inestimable consequences of its economic development.
Faced with a weakened and even seizure of Russia President, China will lose an important ally in the attempts of the US hegemony. China will fall into the loser's camp again, and its image of a responsible power that is trying to build a peaceful maintenance will be damaged. Since the beginning of the war in February last year, China has never been in a difficult situation like it is now. "
The article is reviewing the low -key in Beijing's low -key on Wagner's mutiny. Official response After writing:
"For the Chinese government, the turbulence of Russia happened. According to Western military experts who had close contact with the Chinese military, Beijing was Russia has no effect in Ukraine Very frustrated. The violent resistance of Ukraine, the weakness of Russia, and the unable to win Kiev, all surprised the Chinese government. In addition, Beijing has not expected that the West will be so united in response to Russia's aggression.
Wagner Anti -Water Russian Media 
The consensus within the Beijing government is that the war will continue for a long time, and the peace solutions are still out of reach. It is confirmed that a few weeks ago, the Chinese envoy Li Hui went to many European countries, including Ukraine, to mediate, and it returned without fruit.
As a result, the Chinese government tried to push the Ukrainian war issue to the background at the public relations level, while looking for the possibility of continuing to support Russia's president behind the scenes. This will further increase Russia's dependence on this powerful neighbor. "
China can't afford it? 
The "Frankfurt Report" commented to explore the contradictions and dilemma of Germany's policy on China, and pointed out that one of the characteristics of German foreign policy is "avoiding radical voices", which is in line with the minds of Chinese leadership. The article wrote:
"A message that Chinese leadership has spread for many years is: China's rise is an unstoppable process of a world -renowned power. Among them, there is such a layer of words: that is, any country wants to live with the emerging countries in this world. It is not worth it. If a message is repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly, and the voices against domestic opposition are suppressed, then one day the world believes that China is indeed like this.
The Chinese leadership headed by Xi Jinping is working hard for this goal. It is for this reason that the Beijing diplomatic community is taken for granted to give scores to the political positions of governments (to China). If a state government dares to say a friendly to democratic island nations in Taiwan, then China will express great 'dissatisfaction', and this will be accused of interfere with internal affairs and unacceptable. However, governments in other countries can also interpret Chinese criticism as interference in the internal affairs, and Beijing does not care about this. First of all, the government of the democratic country rarely does this. "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：普京岌岌可危-中国很担心/a-66047414?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Xi Jinping meets the New Zealand Prime Minister Scholars: Cooperation with China does not affect the enclosure 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T15:01:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:22:22-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On June 27, 2023, Chinese President Xi Jinping met with New Zealand Prime Minister Chris Hipkins in Beijing. VNZ via AP Audio-1-Link：https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-06272023100428.html/@@stream On Tuesday, the CCP leader Xi Jinping met with the visiting New Zealand Prime Minister in Beijing, and it is expected that US Finance Minister Yellen will also visit China next month. Some scholars have pointed out that the international community has reached a consensus on China's policy, and cooperation with China does not affect the challenges that need to be cope.
The United States calls on the allies to fight against China Challenge scholars: the differences between the United States and Europe to China are still U.S. and Germany -headed G7 countries to reduce risks to China and not decompose * New Zealand Foreign Minister visits Beijing to mention sensitive questions *
Xi Jinping met with the visit to New Zealand Premier Hipkins at the Great Hall of the People on Tuesday on Tuesday. According to the official Xinhua News Agency, Xi Jinping said in the meeting that the current primary task of China is to achieve high -quality development and promote the "comprehensive strategic partnership" of the two countries.
It is reported that Hipkins led the trade delegation composed of 29 political and business leaders. The Minister of Trade and Tourism, New Zealand, also participated in it to expand its trade relations with China.
Reuters pointed out that although New Zealand and Australia, the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States are members of the "Five Eyes", New Zealand still hopes to take a more gentle attitude towards China. On the eve of Hipkins's visit, he also stated that the US President Bynden had previously called Xi Jinping as a dictator: "China's government model is a matter for the Chinese people."
Israeli Prime Minister was invited to visit China 
On Tuesday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjaminnetanyahu also confirmed that he had received a Chinese invitation from China. However, he reiterated that the United States is an important ally of Israel, and he has informed Washington when he received the invitation of China. The outside world has noticed that Palestine President Mahmoudabbas has visited Beijing earlier this month. At the time, Xi Jinping said that China was willing to promote the peace talks between Israel and Palestine.
In addition, Mongolian Prime Minister Oyun Erde, Barbados Prime Minister Motley, and Vietnamese Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng will also go to China to participate in the 14th Summer Davos Forum.
In the United States and China, competition upgrades, and China's own economy is invited to visit multiple national politicians. Will this move lead to the transition from China policies in the international community?
On June 27, 2023, New Zealand Prime Minister Chris Hipkins on the outdoor screen of Beijing(Chris Hipkins)Visit the picture of China. (Agence France -Presse) Scholars: Small and medium -sized countries have unchanged policies for China 
Xia Ming, a professor of political science in New York University in the United States, told reporters in an interview with this station that in fact, the policy of China has not changed: "From the perspective of unilateral relations, New Zealand or Israel, or EU countries, in China, with China, in China, in China, with China, in China, with China, in China, with China, in China, with China, in China, in China, with China, in China, with China, with China, in China, with China, in China, in China, in China, in China, in China. Of course, one -on -one deal will be much more polite to China, and will not provoke human rights or other controversial issues with China. But in the scene of multilateral relations, the United States, European countries and Japan have coordinated policies, Other small countries will be consistent in pace and will not be free from policy coordination in Western countries. Criticizing various human rights issues in China will not restrain these small countries in multilateral environments, and will also coordinate with the United States and other powers. "
Wang Juntao, a political scholar in the United States, also believes that the structure of small and medium -sized countries regards the United States as the main leader is still unchanged: "The United States has to cooperate with China and not intend to decompose with China. In fact, New Zealand and Israel have developed. The security architecture will not violate the wishes of the United States, and will continue to strengthen the blockade and suppression of China. "
Wang Juntao pointed out that when small and medium -sized countries are seeking cooperation with China, they will focus on not affecting existing interests. For example, New Zealand will focus on output sheep products to China: "Some industries in cooperation with China will not affect the United States' siege policies in China. ","
Sources: U.S. Finance Minister Yellen is expected to visit China next month 
Bloomberg quoted sources on Tuesday and disclosed that Following Secretary of State Brillin visited China, US Finance Minister Janetyellen had the opportunity to visit China next month. At a regular press conference on the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs held on Tuesday, Bloomberg asked this question, but Chinese spokesman Mao Ning did not respond positively.
Mao Ning said: "China and the United States have maintained communication with each level of dialogue with each level. Regarding the specific visits you mentioned, it is recommended to ask the Chinese competent authorities."
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Responsible: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-06272023100428.html 
Traders bet on this round of US stock bull markets (Free Version) 
Author: Eric Wallerstein / Gunjan Banerji
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-27T15:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-27T02:55:00.000Z
Description: Traders have rushed towards the options, hoping to get a share from the current new round of US stock bull markets. A large number of transactions are betting on various types of stocks such as companies with small AI shares to small -scale and economic sensitivity companies and even regional banks.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001005848
Type: Article
Everyone wants to get a share in the current new round of U.S. stock markets.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BA%A4%E6%98%93%E5%91%98%E6%8A%BC%E6%B3%A8%E6%AD%A4%E8%BD%AE%E7%BE%8E%E8%82%A1%E7%89%9B%E5%B8%82%E6%89%8D%E5%88%9A%E5%BC%80%E5%A7%8B-56e8c4ba 
"Asia Pacific Report" June 27, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T15:29:42-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:29:42-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Free Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/YP-06272023094843.html/@stream The main content of this show:
1 . Talking about the economy is also a sensitive topic. Financial writer Wu Xiaobo was banned by Weibo again;
2 . Official statistics, last year's false reports of fiscal revenue last year reached 80 billion yuan;
3 . The original director of the Beijing State -owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission was dismissed and caused heated discussions on the charges of "serious political issues";
4 . Multi -national politicians have visited Beijing one after another. Has the international policy turned to China?
5 . Taiwan's "Hanguang Exercise" anti -airborne will be moved to the International Airport for the first time.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-06272023094843.html 
South Korea: North Korea regards coronary disease prevention as an internal means to control 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T15:33
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:43
Description: South Korean government analysis believes that North Korea still emphasizes high -intensity crown disease prevention measures for the purpose of strengthening social control. The Yonhap News Agency reported that an official of the Ministry of Republic of Korea on Tuesday (June 27) on Tuesday (June 27) still emphasized that the official media media still emphasized the explanation of the crown disease prevention measures that in addition to the epidemic prevention ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['朝鲜', '冠状病毒2019', '防疫']
South Korean government analysis believes that North Korea still emphasizes high -intensity crown disease prevention measures for the purpose of strengthening social control.
Yonhap News Agency reported that officials from the Ministry of Unification of South Korea on Tuesday (June 27) on the official media of North Korea still emphasized the explanation of coronary disease prevention measures that in addition to the need for epidemic prevention, North Korea still seems to have to a certain extent. means. Since the outbreak of the crown disease, North Korea has adopted excessive prevention and control of epidemic prevention measures, and has continuously emphasized that epidemic prevention or one of them has been continuously emphasized.
Officials from the Ministry of Unification said that the North Korean Labor Party reported the "Labor News" and still reported the crown disease in other countries. "Labor News" introduced the prevention of epidemic prevention from all over North Korea on Tuesday, and another article also introduced the data confirmed case data in Japan.
In recent months, it has been reported that North Korea is about to open up the border with China. Analysts believe that North Korea continues to demand to maintain a high -pressure prevention and control situation, or further strengthen the internal control when the central border is approaching, and worry that the exchanges between personnel will increase collective infection.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408389 
Relative check ｜ Threatened to continue & quot; do what China does not like & quot;, Brinkeak revealed the true face? 
Author: 作者：董喆
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T15:38:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:49:47-04:00
Description: Author: Dong Yan
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
Tags: Disposal to take righteousness 
Reading in one minute: 
Recently, after the US Secretary of State Brills ended the interview, multiple Twitter and Weibo "Big V" account forwarded a Plingkenan conversation video. In the film, Brinken said: "During my visit to China, I said to China that we will continue to do something you don't like and say something you don't like." China Sohu, Netease and other platforms followed up reports that Brinken "showed true faces after returning home."
After the Asian facts check the laboratory verification, it is determined that this film is indeed a picture interviewed by Brincken's interview with the United States Broadcasting Corporation (CBS). According to the verbal draft released by the US State Department Duanchi, but his next sentence is "just like you (China), there is no doubt that it will continue to do what we don't like." In the context at that time, Brinken was explaining President Biden's remarks, and described the fact that the two countries would have long -term difference. It belongs to the rules.
In-depth analysis: 
US Secretary of State Antony J. Blinken accepted an exclusive interview with Margaretbrennan, host of the US CBS program Face The National host on June 25. On the morning of the 26th, the Russian Satellite News Agency quoted some of the speeches of Brinken in the interview and "[ US Secretary of State threatened to continue doing things that China dislikes "Reported as a title.
Beginning on the afternoon of the 26th, the China Sohu and Netease platform followed up, saying that "after visiting China, Brinken showed true face." In the text, the United States is the provocative of the United States who has led to the decline in Sino -US relations.
Sohu's original article refers to the true colors after the visit of Brinkens, and threatened to continue doing what China does not like. Picture from Sohu A number of "Patriotic V" on Weibo also started to repost the relevant films simultaneously. In the film, Brinkin said: "The main purpose of visiting China is to bring greater stability to US -China relations. But there is one thing. I visit. During the Hua period, we said to China that we will continue to do something you don't like and say something you don't like. "
Zhang Heqing, a Chinese diplomat in Pakistan, also shared the film on Twitter, but some netizens left a message to question whether the film was generated by AI.
Chinese diplomats in Pakistan also reposted related films, but some netizens suspected that they were generated by AI. Figure taken from Twitter Asian facts check that the laboratory has been verified that the film on the Chinese social media platform is indeed a speeches for Brosky himself.(https://www.cbsnews.com/video/secretary-of-state-antony-blinken-says-we-havent-seen-the-last-act-yet-in-russias-wagner-rebellion/)The picture between 7 minutes and 16 seconds and 7 minutes and 27 seconds is consistent with the videos circulating on the Chinese social media platform.
Blint's talks with the host of the CBS show. Picture from the official website of CBS However, according to the interview film and the US State Department announced Completely Talking Quiet Draft , Brinken's words are targeted to answer the host's question. The host asked him that as soon as he ended his visit to the middle of the visit, President Biden publicly stated that Xi Jinping was a "dictator", "this(Speak)How harmful to your work? In the face of the problem, Brinken first stated that his purpose of visiting China was to promote the relationship between the two countries to be more stable. But "I said to China during this trip, we will continue to do what you don't like. Just like you will continue to do things that we don't like. "Bollingaki followed:" If you look at the news released by the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs every day, you will hear this kind of(Let us not like)Said. "
in conclusion: 
The videos circulating on the Chinese social media platform are true, not the generation of AI, but only quoted the first half of Brinton's original words, saying that Brinton unilaterally threatened to continue to say and do things that China disliked, which belongs to the information that is disconnected. According to the context, Brinken's semantics should always be different from the Sino -US position, but they continue to express to each other. Communicate with each other to promote the stability of US -China relations.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-06272023153202.html 
Although the first batch of delivery of nuclear submarines has not been determined that the United States still has confidence in the AUKUS project 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T15:39:26+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 07:39:26Z
Description: At a meeting of the US Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center (CSIS) on Monday (June 26), Michael Gilday, a U.S. Naval Affairs Minister, stated that the United States did not underestimate the implementation of Australian nuclear -powered submarines to provide Australia The difficulties faced, and still unclear the exact source of the first batch of submarines, but the United States still has a high confidence in the AUKUS project.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '亚太', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-confident-in-implementing-aukus-20230627/7154398.html 
American Executive Deputy Secretary of State Sherman and the Chinese Ambassador to the United States to call 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T15:45:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T15:46:04-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 American Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Series and Chinese Ambassador to the United States Xie Feng. The Associated Press/Agence France -Presse/RFA group. According to the news from Washington on June 27th, the US State Department stated that the US executive deputy Secretary of State Wendi Shelman talked to the Chinese ambassador to the United States on Tuesday and asked US Secretary for Secretary of State Blingken's discussion during the visit of Beijing last week follow -up follow -up follow -up. The U.S. State Department stated in a statement earlier that in the call with Chinese ambassador Xie Feng, Sermman reiterated the importance of maintaining open communication channels on various issues. US State Department spokesman Matthew Miller said at a routine press conference: "This is a substantial call. This is a follow -up operation of the Secretary of State's visit." Miller added: "Now there are a lot of ongoing levels at the level of the palace level. There are some dialogue on following the discussion of the discussion of the Secretary of State. "Miller said that since the visit of Brinken, American and Chinese officials have been discussing when the Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang visited Washington, but the visit has not yet been arranged. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-06272023153512.html 
Lu Zhaofu: KLIA should be targeted at transcending Changyi Airport 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T15:54
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T16:39
Description: The Malaysian government believes that Malaysia Airport Holdings, which is responsible for running Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA), should be anxious to catch up with the goal of surpassing Singapore's Changi Airport, and strive to make Kuala Lumpur International Airport a aviation center in this region, not just connecting the current connection. Changi ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['吉隆坡国际机场', '樟宜机场', '陆兆福']
The Malaysian government believes that Malaysia Airport Holdings, which is responsible for running Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA), should be rushed to catch up with the goal of surpassing Singapore's Changi Airport and strive to make Kuala Lumpur International Airport a aviation center in this area, not just connecting to the current connection. Line airports of various airports such as Changi Airport.
Minister of Transport Lu Zhaofu on Monday (June 26) at the press conference after the promotion ceremony of the container box hotel at Kuala Lumpur International Airport Capsule Hotel said that Kuala Lumpur International Airport should regard Zhangyi Airport as competitors. He said that Changi Airport is the top airport in the world. The ranking of Kuala Lumpur International Airport is a certain distance, but this does not mean that Kuala Lumpur International Airport will continue to lose to Changi Airport.
He said: "Malaysia has a lot of resources, why can't we compete with Changi Airport? We should treat Zhangyi Airport as a challenge. We must not be safe to become the" FEEDERAIRPORT "of Changi Airport or other airports in this area (FEEDERAIRPORT ' ), We should be an aviation transportation center. "
He pointed out: "Kuala Lumpur International Airport competing with Changi Airport is indeed a distance behind. But what we can do is to make Kuala Lumpur International Airport not only become a passenger center, but also a freight center."
He believes that the international airports of Malaysia have potential in terms of becoming a freight center, because Malaysia's airport has a large volume and large land area.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408394 
Russia and China held talks on anti -commissioned defense issues 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T16:21:44-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T16:21:44-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The 12th China International Aerospace Expo held in Zhuhai, the Russian Federal Defense Export Bureau(Rosoboronexport)The large screen of the booth shows the anti -ship missile system. The Associated Press Information According to the news from Reuters on the 27th, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that Russia and the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs held a round of consultation on Tuesday's anti -missile defense issues. In a statement on its website, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated: "In all aspects of this issue, including its global and regional levels, a thorough opinion exchange." "We reiterate the intention of regularly held such consultations in the future. . "Since Russia invaded Ukraine with the so -called" special military operations "in February 2022, Russia has increasingly seeking trade and diplomatic support from China. China did not condemn the invasion. Washington and other Western allies said earlier this year that China is considering providing weapons to Russia, but Beijing has denied this. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-06272023162035.html 
Comments | He Qinglian: China & QUOT; Olive Society & Quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T16:30:59-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T16:30:59-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Tourists in a park in Beijing on June 20, 2023. Associated Press
Now the "Chinese Dream", everyone knows that it is the dream of a strong country. This is barely realized and finally became the world's second largest economy. few. However, many people seem to have forgotten that the first Chinese dream since the reform and opening up is Deng Xiaoping's common and rich dream of the first rich and rich in reform and opening up. For this rich dream, the Chinese academic community interpreted that China will move towards the olive society (the proportion of the middle class exceeds half of the population), but this dream has now become Nanke's dream.
University is no longer the cradle of cultivation of the middle class 
China is currently worried about the decline in total fertility. In January of this year, the National Bureau of Statistics of China announced that the national population decreased by 850,000 in 2022, the first time in more than 60 years of negative population growth; the reasons for the decrease in the total population was due Education. According to the latest official data of China, in May this year, the unemployment rate of young people aged 16 to 24 rose to 20.8%, which has set a record high since two consecutive months in 2018. Among them, the situation of college graduates is even worse. According to Zhuo Xian, a researcher at the Development Research Center of the State Council of the State Council of China, the unemployment rate of college students is 1.4 times that of the overall unemployment rate of young people. No job. China ’s online“ full -time children ”have become hot spots. The so -called“ full -time children ”is to obtain living expenses by taking care of their parents. The reason behind it is the unemployment rate of China’ s high ownership, which indicates the current situation of serious decline and atrophy of the entire socioeconomic economy.
Since the middle of the last century, the university has claimed to cultivate the middle class cradle. After graduating from university, it is equivalent to getting an access certificate entering the social ascension channel. Today, graduation of university is unemployed, indicating that the middle class dream is broken.
The middle class becomes "three slaves" (house slave, car slave, child slave) 
China's middle class almost emptied all the financial resources, so that they had enough down payment to buy a house and became "house slaves". What is the pressure of Chinese mortgages? The national people owe 6.682 trillion yuan, and interest more than 40%"(NetEase, 2022-08-01) This article mentioned that according to data released by the central bank at the end of 2021, the total number of personal housing loans in the country was 3.83 trillion yuan," the book is the same as the book, "the even book is the book," even the book, "Interest" calculated that the people across the country owed 6.682 trillion debts and interesting more than 40%, which is equivalent to the total amount of GDP of 300 SMEs throughout the year. According to data released by the People's Bank of China in 2020, the scale of Chinese residents' loans reached 63.3 trillion yuan, of which the total amount of medium and long -term loans was about 4.08 trillion yuan, mainly for housing mortgage loans and decoration loans. 100 million households. During the period of the epidemic, there were many people who broke the supply due to unemployment.
The middle class is not only a house slave, but also a car slave. Since the implementation of the "New Deal of Automobile Loan", which can buy a car on January 1, 2017, the car credit has become the second consumer credit business. Sub -purchase of house purchase loans. The data cited by the People's Daily · Overseas Edition (September 15, 2022) shows that the proportion of families in China has reached 41.67%, and 81.4%of the family car prices of car families are less than 200,000 yuan, indicating The four families are barely buying a car. Since 2020, an epidemic has made the post -90s "monthly owe clan" appearing in the original form, and it is difficult to repay the car and sell cars. ("People's Daily · Overseas Edition", April 15, 2020)
The middle class that has been married and childcare is also called "child slave". It is used to summarize and describe all his life to work hard for children, busy for children, earn money for children, and lose the living state of self -worth. The state of becoming a "child slave" is different, which is related to parents' expectations for their children. In "Why children will become the biggest burden of new middle -class families" (Sina Education, May 20, 2017) Good education has many expectations of the new middle class of studying abroad: Based on children's 12 years of basic education, it costs about 2 million yuan in private schools. It costs about 2 million yuan in four years of undergraduate in Western countries such as the United States. There are 4 million yuan in tuition reserves, which means that each middle -class family must have 250,000 yuan per year as a tuition reserve. Therefore, the annual income of the family must last at least 600,000-800,000 years in order to barely meet this demand. Most of the food and clothing families have completed basic education in public schools. After going to college, they have seen the situation of the school. The 4 -year cost ranges from 100,000 to 400,000. ("How much does it cost to go to college? 100,000, 200,000, 400,000, the higher the admission score line, the more money, the more money" (NetEase July 26, 2021)
The above situation shows that the gap between the "child slave" is determined by the income gap between the middle -class households.
The revenue standard for the middle class is decreased 
The concept of "middle class" is still very vague in China. Foreign investment bank reports are different from China's estimates, and China is different in different years.
In a report in 2015, Credit Suisse said: Based on the US $ 50,000 to 500,000 as the benchmark, the IMF version of the purchasing power parity (PPP) was converted. He is a member of the middle -class army. It is specifically stated here that personal wealth includes all real estate, stocks, deposits, etc., does not refer to annual income. According to this standard, there are more than 100 million middle classes in China, which is the largest country in the world in the world, but it accounts for only about 10%of the total population.
The investigation conclusions of Chinese research institutions are different. In 2015, the China Family Financial Survey and Research Center of Southwest University of Finance and Economics calculated data based on the CHFS survey of the year that the number of Chinese middle class was actually 204 million people, far exceeding 109 million people who reported the report of Creditses Wealth. Moreover, the total wealth of the middle class in China is 2.83 trillion, surpassing the United States and Japan, and jumping for the world's first place. Since then, the number of middle class has been increasing. The 2020 "Social Blue Book" published by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences explains that the annual income of Chinese middle -income families is more than 100,000 yuan. According to this definition, the population of the middle -income family is 400 million. For three years since the end of 2019, the number of unemployed has increased, and the income of Chinese people has decreased, but the number of middle -class people is increasing. According to the report of Tencent Finance on June 18 this year, Li Shi, a senior professor at Zhejiang University, Dean of Sharing and Development Research Institute of Zhejiang University, said that in 2022, the scale of middle -income groups in China reached 460 million people, and 3,000 yuan per month reached a middle -income group. Standards.
——The middle -class standard in 2015 is wealth, not annual income, but including annual income. The caliber is different and cannot be compared. In 2020, the annual income of household income is 100,000 yuan, two jobs of the family of three, with a per capita of 50,000 yuan, and monthly income of more than 4,000 yuan. The middle -class standard is reduced from 4,000 yuan to 2022 monthly income of 3,000 yuan. The standard is lowered. 25%.In other words, the middle class that is just enough for food and clothing accounts for more than half of the middle class.
olive society has become a human past 
After World War II, the United States (to the Western countries) because of the leading world economic leadership of technological innovation, the United States became a "rich society" and formed the first -time -dominated olive society in the history of human history After globalization, this olive social structure has become the goal of pursuing modernization in developing countries such as China. As long as the Internet information is checked, it will be found that since 2000, articles about middle -class articles are sweaty. Regardless of the social role of the middle class, regardless of the revenue (wealth) standard of the middle class, or from the perspective of the number of people, China is now atrophic, which shows that China is getting farther and farther from the olive social structure.
However, the number of middle class in the United States is also shrinking. A analysis of Pew ResearchCenter shows that in 1971, 61 % of American adults were considered to belong to the middle class. In 2013, the number of people in the United States in the United States is less than half of the national population. This number responses to 50 %. At present, Americans who believe that they belong to the middle class are less than before. Berkeley economists said that from March to mid -October 2022, the average wealth of 40 % of the middle class with a population of the United States has fallen by 7 %, which is equivalent to a reduction of about 27,000 US dollars. Since the global financial crisis in 2008, this degree of decline has been the first time, which is not huge. According to the current rate of inflation and rising house prices in the United States, the population that meets the standards of middle -class will only be less and less. In the United States, the state of economic state is inferior to the United States. The middle class is basically atrophic. As a global economic engine that has been globalized in the past 20 years, the difficulty of the middle class is part of the huge landscape painting of global economic shrinking.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/heqinglian/hql-06272023161539.html 
The opening of the Summer Davos Forum, Li Qiang's "de -risk" is a pseudo -proposition 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T17:05:59+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 09:05:59Z
Description: In order to get rid of the predicament of China, Europe and the United States have advocated "De-Risking" in recent months and raised less "De-Coupling". The State Council of the State Council of China emphasized on Tuesday (June 27) that the "hype" "dependence and de -risk" of Western "hype" is the "pseudo -proposition", saying that China resolutely oppose political and trade issues.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/li-qiang-s-critics-on-de-risking-20230627/7154423.html 
Seeing Johor Sultan at Donggura Sali 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T17:10
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T17:10
Description: UMNO veteran Donggra Sali (June 26) went to the Bird Palace of Wusihin, Johor Bahru, to meet with the Sultan Ibrahim. As soon as Ibrahim met, he kissed Lasari's right hand as a junior, and he was very courteous. Umno veteran Dongglasari (left) week ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['柔佛苏丹', '依布拉欣', '马来西亚', '柔佛']
(Johor Bahru Comprehensive News) UMNO veteran Donggu Lasari on Monday (June 26) went to the Johjirlin Royal Palace in Johor Bahru to meet with Johor Sultan Ibrahim. As soon as Ibrahim met, he kissed Lasari's right hand as a junior, and he was very courteous.
 Umno veteran Dongglasari (left) went to Johor Bahru, Johor Bahru, Johor Bahru, Johor Bahru, to see Johor Sultan Ibrahim (right). (Photo of Facebook, Sultan, Sultan, Sultan)
Malaysian rulers such as Sudan are the highest level of Malaysia, and generally do not salute the people. However, the 86 -year -old Lasari is the kingdom of Granddan and the uncle of the Moham 5 of Jilan Dan Dan Dan. The discussion is the father of Ibrahim, and Ibrahim has therefore saluting Lasari.
Malaysia Six State Election On the occasion, Embrahin posted a number of photos of him and Lasari on the official Facebook, and then discussed on social media.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408410 
Japan will be re -listed on the export of exports to Japan and South Korea. 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T17:29
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T17:29
Description: Japan decided to re -list South Korea on the export whito list, and the contradiction between South Korea and Japan's four -year export control came to an end. The Yonhap News Agency reported that the Japanese government finalized on Tuesday (June 27) at the cabinet meeting to revise the "Export Trade Management Order" government order, and re -incorporate South Korea in ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '日本', '日韩关系']
Japan decided to re -list South Korea on the export whito list, and the contradiction between South Korea and Japan's four -year export control came to an end.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that the Japanese government finalized on Tuesday (June 27) at the Cabinet Conference to revise the "Export Trade Management Order" and re -incorporate South Korea into the export whiter list. The decree will be promulgated on June 30 and officially take effect on July 21. At that time, Japan will provide a package of licenses for exported products.
In order to counter the Supreme Court of South Korea, the plaintiff's prosecution was defeated by the Labor claims of the World War II. In July 2019, Japan restricted three key semiconductor materials for exporting to South Korea, and in August of the same year, South Korea was removed from the export whiter list. After that, South Korea appealed to the WTO (WTO) and removed Japan out of the trade list.
However, South Korean President Yin Xiyue and the Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishida conducted a mutual visit in March and May this year to create a transfer to solve the contradiction between export control. South Korea has announced on April 24 that Japan will be re -listed in the "whitelist", which can enjoy the export procedures simplified the treatment.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408418 
Human rights agency ruled that the Dutch chip leader ASML can refuse to some nationality job seekers to follow the US export rules 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T17:29:44+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 09:29:44Z
Description: Dutch human rights regulatory agencies ruled that the Dutch computer chip equipment manufacturer ASML (ASML) can refuse job seekers on the grounds of nationality in accordance with the requirements of US export control rules.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/dutch-chip-giant-may-limit-hiring-to-comply-us-export-rule-20230627/7154433.html 
French first test flight vocal speed gliding vehicle 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T17:32:06+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T17:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 27th) The French General Administration of Military Architecture said that France had conducted a first test flight of a polar speed gliding vehicle prototype yesterday. France is seeking to develop new missile technology that can avoid the most precise air defense system.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Direction Generale Del'Aarmement (DGA) pointed out that an empty rocket carried a VMAX polar speed gliding vehicle yesterday, from the BISCAROSSE next to Bay ofbiscay, southwestern France. ) The rocket test field launch.
The French General Administration of Military Army said in a statement: "This test flight is a long -term trajectory that requires very high demands, which represents unprecedented technical challenges, which will also pave the way for the future planning of high -speed weapons in my country."
The French General Administration of Army did not provide details about the results of the test flight, but only stated that the information collected during the test flight was analyzed.
In 2019, France packed the management of the VMAX project to Arianegroup, a VMAX project. The purpose of the plan was to develop a polar speed gliding vehicle demonstration machine.
Polar speed gliding vehicles are a powerless motorized aircraft that can fly at a speed of 5 or higher. Its function is to be equipped with a nuclear warhead or a traditional warhead, so the power of a strong country with nuclear weapons has continuously studied this vehicle in the past few years.
Polar speed gliding vehicles usually use a rocket to advance to a high altitude of tens of kilometers away from the ground, and then land with a voice speed with the remuneration. It is not like a ballistic missile in a fixed trajectory, but it can change the flight direction at high speed.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E6%B3%95%E5%9B%BD%E9%A6%96%E5%BA%A6%E8%AF%95%E9%A3%9E%E6%9E%81%E9%9F%B3%E9%80%9F%E6%BB%91%E7%BF%94%E8%BD%BD%E5%85%B7 
Luchen Ke confirmed that the Russian mercenary leader arrived in Belarus 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-27T17:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T17:20:01+00:00
Description: (AFP, Moscow, 27th) Belarusian President Lukashenko confirmed that the Russian mercenary organization's head of the Wagner Group Puriejin arrived in Belarus today. The Vagina mercenary launched a retreat after the weekend was launched. According to the agreement reached by Luchenke's mediation, Prigjin would exile in Belarus.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to Belarusian state -owned media reports, Alexander Lukashenko said: "I know, Yevgenyprigozhin has already flew. Yes, he will go to Belarus today."
It is unclear whether Puriegin has arrived in Belarus or is still on the way.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230627-%E9%B2%81%E5%8D%A1%E7%94%B3%E6%9F%AF%E8%AF%81%E5%AE%9E%E4%BF%84%E5%9B%BD%E4%BD%A3%E5%85%B5%E9%A6%96%E8%84%91%E6%8A%B5%E7%99%BD%E4%BF%84 
Russia will revoke the allegations of Wagner to prepare to hand over heavy arms 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T17:42
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T17:42
Description: The Russian Federal Security Administration announced that it will revoke allegations against the Wagner Group. At the same time, Wagner is preparing to transfer heavy military equipment to the Russian Ministry of Defense. Comprehensive Agence France -Presse and Reuters reported that the Russian Federal Security Agency issued a statement on Tuesday (June 27) saying: "Private military public ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '俄罗斯兵变']
The Russian Federal Security Administration announced that it will revoke allegations against the Wagner Group. At the same time, Wagner is preparing to transfer heavy military equipment to the Russian Ministry of Defense.
Comprehensive Agence France -Presse and Reuters reported that the Russian Federal Security Agency issued a statement on Tuesday (June 27) saying: "Criminal cases opened by a private military company Wagner's armed uprising have ended." According to Russia New News Agency, allegations were revoked, allegations were revoked It is because "the participants have stopped the criminal actions of the mutiny."
In addition, the Russian Ministry of Defense issued a statement on Tuesday that the authorities were ready to transfer the military hardware of Wagner to the regular army of Moscow. The statement said: "It is currently preparing to transfer the heavy military equipment of the private military company Wagner to the unit of the Russian armed forces."
Wagner last Friday (23rd) Movement of a mutiny Essence After mediation by President Whitelle Luchenko, Wagner Group's head of Perigo Saturday (24th) Agree to stop swinging Army Moscow And exile in Bairos.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408423 
Penang and Kedah State Council dissolve on Wednesday 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T17:47
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T17:56
Description: Both Penang and the Geedon State Parliament in northern Malaysia will be dissolved on Wednesday (June 28), becoming the third and fourth dissolution states of the six states elections. The states of the Malaysia State Council will be elected as soon as possible and must be elected. Jilandan was on Thursday (22nd) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['槟城', '吉打', '马国六州选举']
The Penang and Gee Deda Parliament in northern Malaysia will dissolve on Wednesday (June 28), becoming this Six State Elections The third and fourth dissolved state councils.
The states of the Malaysia State Council will be elected as soon as possible and must be elected. Jilandan had taken the lead in dissolving the State Council on Thursday (22nd). There are still Dengjialou and the Semimilan State Council.
Cao Guanyou, Chief Minister of Penang State, went to the Prefecture's Palace on Tuesday (27th) to meet with the head of Penang's head of Penang, and later announced that Ahlfz had approved the dissolution of the Penang Parliament on Wednesday to pave the way for the next state election election. Essence
The Minister of Kedah's Minister of Affairs announced on Monday (26th) that the Kedah Sultan Shalidin has approved the Deded State Council to dissolve on Wednesday (28th). In other words, the State Council of Penang and Kedah State will dissolve on Wednesday.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408426 
Toronto selected Zou Zhiyu, the first Chinese mayor, Hong Kong, was a member of the Canadian Parliament 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T18:10:42+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 10:10:42Z
Description: Former Canadian Congress, Olivia Chow, was elected as the first Chinese mayor in Toronto, the largest city of Canada on Monday (June 26). Not only will she be the first mayor of Toronto, but also the third female mayor in the history of Toronto. Zou Zhiyi promised to support renters, advocating social undertakings, and weakening the extensive power of the mayor's office.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美洲', '港澳']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/toronto-elects-olivia-chow-as-first-chinese-canadian-mayor-20230627/7154469.html 
Malaysian Election Court: Iraqi Party Guaden's seat is invalid 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T18:59
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T19:16
Description: The Dengjialou Election Court was sentenced on Tuesday (June 27) that the voting results of the Parliament of Gua Landing Jialou District were invalid because the Islamic party candidate Ahmadanza involved bribery at the time. This is the first time that the court has sentenced the election since the election last year ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马来西亚', '马来西亚大选', '伊斯兰党']
The Dengjialou Election Court was sentenced on Tuesday (June 27) that the voting results of the Parliament of Gua Landing Jialou District were invalid because the Islamic party candidate Ahmadanza involved bribery at the time.
This is the first time that the court has sentenced the election to the election since the election last year. The Iraqi Party has stated that it will appeal. Even if the Iraqi Party eventually lost this national meeting, it would not affect the various party forces of the House of Communist Party, and it would not cause the federal regime to change.
The Congress of Gua Landing Jialou District was defeated three opponents such as the Iraqi party candidate Ahmadanza with 40,907 votes with 40,907 votes.
According to "Malaysia Today", Ahmadanza's representative Lawye said that he would appeal to the Federal Court of the Election Court. He said that Ahmadanza will also apply for a decision to suspend the election court to wait for the federal court to trial its appeal application.
UMNON UMNO said that the Iraqi Party was suspected of bribery in Dengzhou last year. Therefore, he entered the election court on January 3 this year, asking the court to quote the 1954 election crime law.
The three seats won by the Iraqi Party In addition to the national seats of the Guaden Jialou, there is also the Ganma's seat, as well as the Majiang seat won by the Iraqi Party Chairman Hadi Awang. However, the Dengjialou Election Court rejected UMNO's appeal about the Majiang State seat on Tuesday, allowing Hardy Awang to successfully keep the national conference seat.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408450 
Selangor's century -old Indian temple riots 17 defendants were innocently released 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T19:02
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T20:38
Description: 17 defendants involving the riots of the Centennial Indian Temple in Selangor in November 2018, on Tuesday (June 27), was sentenced to being sentenced to the bearing court on Tuesday (June 27), and was released in court. Sri Maha Mari ... Sri Maha Mari ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['雪兰莪', '印度庙', '骚乱', '无罪释放']
(Petaling Jaya Comprehensive News) 17 defendants involved in the riots of the Centennial Indian Temple in Selangor in November 2018. On Tuesday (June 27) Essence
Sri Mahamariamman (Sri Mahamariamman) in Selangor was broken into the Malaysian mobs who claimed to be sent to developers in the early morning of November 26, 2018, and a fierce conflict with believers caused about 10 people. 18 The cars and two motorcycles were burned.
All the 152 -year -old Indian temples broke out in the early morning of the next day. About 2,000 Hinduists were incinerated with neighboring buildings. Some people even broke into the MCT building where the office building where the developer was located was destroyed. The riots lasted about four days.
In the early morning of November 27, 2018, the firefighter Mohamed Adi was ordered to go to the Indian temple to extinguish the arson car. The injury deteriorates. Although the case was not caused by racial conflicts, because the mobs involved in the case were mainly Indians, racial relationships were once caused by Indians.
The 17 defendants involved in the incident were charged with Petaling Joy Joy on Tuesday, and their age was from 24 to 47 years old. The control refers to their suspected dangerous weapons and participating in riots at 2:00 am to 5 am on November 26, 2018 to resist the Article 148 of the Criminal Code. Once the defendant is established, it will face up to five years of imprisonment or fines, or both.
However, in the ruling of Eskada, the prosecution failed to prove the relevant charges. Therefore, he was sentenced to the fact that all the defendants' surface crimes were not established and released in court.
He said that the prosecution did not propose any conclusive evidence to confirm the identity of the defendant, nor did he submit any weapon as evidence, including the knife referred to in the control. He also said that after the defendant was not guilty, the court would return their bail.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408451 
The Philippine Police raid the population of the population and the sales of many countries, including Singaporeans, are detained 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T19:27
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T19:38
Description: The Philippine Police launched an assault operation in several buildings suspected of selling the noise, and more than 2,700 people were detained, including China, Indonesia, Vietnam, Singapore, and Malaysia. According to Agence France -Presse, the Philippine Police said on Tuesday (June 27) that the authorities ... ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['菲律宾', '诈骗', '人口贩卖']
The Philippine Police launched an assault operation in several buildings suspected of selling the noise, and more than 2,700 people were detained, including China, Indonesia, Vietnam, Singapore, and Malaysia.
According to Agence France -Presse, the Philippine Police said on Tuesday (June 27) that the authorities launched assault operations on several buildings in the capital on Monday (26th). These buildings are said to have victims who sell their population, where they recruit players for online games. The authorities found that many citizens in the building, including China, Indonesia, Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Pakistan, Cameroon, Sudan, Myanmar and the Philippines.
Sabino, a spokesman for the Philippine anti -cyber criminal department, said the authorities are questioning 2,724 detention people to determine the victim and suspect status. More than 1,500 were Philippines. She revealed that these are said to be the victims of the population trafficking picking up their jobs on Facebook and went to the Philippines to "find players" for online games. Many of them were forced to work for 12 hours a day, only earned 24,000 peso (about S $ 585) a month, and were banned from leaving the building area.
Sabino described that this is the largest anti -population trafficking operation in the history of the Philippines. She said the police would thoroughly investigate the case, including whether these staff participated in online fraud.
The international community is increasingly concerned about the online fraud cases in the Asia -Pacific region. The staff of these fraud cases are often victims who are deceived or coerced to sell fake cryptocurrency investment.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408453 
On Tuesday, the U.S. market will go to the market to focus on the annual performance of cruise company Carnival Corp 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T20:35
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T20:47
Description: On Tuesday (June 27), the focus: The main stock index futures futures in the Wall Street stock market in the United States have risen on Tuesday (June 27). The focus of market investors has shifted to the second quarter and the first half of this year's economic data that is about to be announced this week. At 7 o'clock, the standard and the Poole 500 index period ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国股市', '美市', '财经即时', '今晚美市看什么']
Tuesday (June 27): 
Pre -trading focus: 
LordStownMotors has announced a lawsuit against Foxconn in Taiwan. (Reuters)
CARNIVALCORP's cruise closure rate has increased from 69 % last year to 98 % last year. (Bloomberg)
Carnival Corp (New York Stock Exchange code: CCL) 
Although the quarterly profit is exceeded, the performance forecast of this year's annual performance prediction is generally strong. The stock price of cruise company Carnivalcorp fell more than 7 % overnight, becoming the worst shares in the overnight standard and the Pur 500 index. Before the performance was announced, the stock also achieved the maximum monthly increase in more than two years.
According to CarnivalCorp's second quarter as of the second quarter of this year, the group's net loss from US $ 1.83 million in the same period last year, that is, a loss of $ 1.61 per share, narrowed to 407 million US dollars, that is, a loss of 0.32 per share of 0.32 Dollar. If you do not count non -recurring projects, the loss per share is 0.31 US dollars per share, which is more predicted than analysts collected by FactSet, that is, a loss of $ 0.34 per share.
The performance report also shows that CARNIVALCORP's turnover has increased by 104.5 %, reaching a record of $ 4.91 billion, which is better than the average prediction of FACTSET analysts. Among them, the revenue of the tour tickets soared by 144.4 %, reaching $ 3.14 billion. The income on the cruise ship increased by 58.6 % to US $ 1.77 billion. CARNIVALCORP's cruise closure rate has increased from 69 % year -on -year to 98 % last year.
CarnivalCorp's batching volume of all the future cruise shifts starting this quarter has also reached a record high. Therefore, for fiscal year in 2023, the group's executives have been adjusted from US $ 3.9 billion to US $ 4.1 billion to US $ 4.250 million from the original $ 3.9 billion to $ 4.1 billion.
As for the trend of CarnivalCorp's stock price, the stock reached the highest point of receiving the highest point since June 15 this year. If you do not have a decline overnight, as of last Friday (23rd), the stock has soared 40.7 % since June, which is also the best monthly performance since the stock has soared 43.3 % in February 2021. Since the beginning of the year, this stock has risen by 83.19 %.
As for why the stock's performance exceeded the standard, the stock price fell overnight. Investors have unreasonable expectations for its performance now. If you show me the number of this quarter performance three months ago, I think everyone will excite the 'backflip'. "
Among the 13 analysts of Tipranks, nine were rated "buy" to CarnivalCorp shares, two "held" rating, and two "selling" rating. However, the average target price they give is $ 14.15. In other words, they believe that CARNIVALCORP's stock price may fall 3.08 %.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408474 
The descendants of Sulu Sudan claimed to Malaysia for $ 15 billion and were rejected by the Netherlands 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T20:56
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T21:04
Description: The eight descendants who claimed to be Sushu in the Philippines requested the execution of arbitrators to approve the final judgment of about $ 15 billion (about S $ 20.2 billion) to Malaysia. However, their application was rejected by the Hague appealing court in the Netherlands on Tuesday (June 27). Malaysian Prime Minister Anwar ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['安华', '上诉', '法庭', '赔偿']
The eight descendants who claimed to be Sushu in the Philippines requested the execution of arbitrators to approve the final judgment of about $ 15 billion (about S $ 20.2 billion) to Malaysia. However, their application was rejected by the Hague appealing court in the Netherlands on Tuesday (June 27).
Malaysian Prime Minister Anhua revealed the news to the accompanying Malaysia media before he returned to China on Tuesday. Anwar arrived on Monday (26th) and arrived in Laos for two days of official visit.
He said: "(Malaysia) won, thanks to God Cang. Finally, this was a farce that was bad for Malaysia and challenged Malaysian sovereignty. They lost the lawsuit, we thank God."
Spain's arbitration lady Stanpa made a judgment that was beneficial to these descendants of Sulu Sudan on February 28 last year. He sentenced the Malaysian government to compensation for about $ 15 billion. In order to perform this judgment, the eight people tried to seize the assets of the State Petroleum Corporation (Guolian) in Luxembourg and the Netherlands, as well as the foreign foreign assets of Malaysia in France.
Anwar said that the Judgment of the Hague appealing court successfully prevented the claims from claiming all legal actions to Malaysia in the Netherlands.(https://www.zaobao.com/realtime/world/story20230606-1401860)Later, another milestone's judicial victory obtained by Malaysia.
He said: "The Malaysian government is confident. Now we are closer to the unjust final ruling of about $ 15 billion in Swam's sentence to about $ 15 billion than before. Earlier, the judgment of the Court of Appeals in Paris will end these people to continue to claim from Malaysia in other countries. "
Anwar emphasized that the Malaysian government will take all necessary means to fight against such open use and abuse of the international arbitration system, and take all necessary actions to recover the public resources that Malaysia is forced to spend when dealing with the incident.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408483 
Texas's complaints of worshipeng immigration policy have been rejected by the Supreme Court. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (刘文)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T20:56:55+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 15:19:58Z
Description: The state of Texas and Louisiana filed a lawsuit against the Public security threat to determine the priority of immigration law enforcement through public security threats. On June 23, the Supreme Court made a ruling with a 8: 1 vote, arguing that the Large and Louisiana state lacked a legal status to question the Bayeng government who decided to be deported.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/chinese-community-reacts-to-supreme-court-s-rejection-of-texas-immigration-policy-20230627/7154597.html 
World media see China: Sino -Russian union and similar 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金哲)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T21:14:18+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 19:45:16Z
Description: The sudden change of mercenaries in Russia on weekends, focusing on Russia's eyes. At the same time, the movement of the main allies of Russia has also received attention. From the perspective of world media, the Russian Putin authorities are closely related to the Xi Jinping authorities of China and the Chinese Xi Jinping authorities. Russia's problems are highly similar to that of Chinese issues.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['世界媒体看中国', '欧洲', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/world-media-on-china---china-russia-solidarity-and-similarities-20230627/7154635.html 
Ke Gong: I don’t know how to change the status of Putin 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T21:17
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T21:25
Description: The Kremlin said that he did not know the whereabouts of the Wagner Group's head of Pleigo, and said that the change in the weekend did not shake the status of President Putin. Reuters reported that the Kremlin spokesman Peskov said on Tuesday (June 27) that the agreement reached with Wagner was in progress, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '俄罗斯兵变']
The Kremlin said that he did not know the whereabouts of the Wagner Group's head, and said that the [Bingchang] on the weekend occurred on the weekend(https://www.zaobao.com/keywords/e-luo-si-bing-bian)The position of President Putin did not shake President Putin.
Reuters reported that the Kremlin spokesman Peskov said on Tuesday (June 27) that the agreement reached with Wagner was in progress, and President Putin had always observed his promise. He said it is unclear how many Wagner soldiers will join the regular army.
Porigon's vow to hold on Friday (23rd).(https://www.zaobao.com/realtime/world/story20230624-1407349)Later, the Russian authorities launched a criminal investigation of Porigen. In the mediation of Porigen, under the mediation of President Lokashenko in Berosko, with Moscow Calling Essence According to the agreement, Perigon was allowed to move to Beloos. His soldiers had the opportunity to join Russia's regular armed forces or move with him to White Ross.
In response to German media reports, it was said that Russia could start negotiations in July. Peskov denied that there was still no reason to negotiate peacefully with Ukraine. Ukraine has previously stated that unless the Russian army completely evacuated Ukraine, negotiation will not be conducted Essence
Some analysts believe that the Wagner Group's launching soldiers have shook Putin's status, but Peskov pointed out that the views of these "pseudo -experts" do not match the reality, and said that Putin made a wise decision and chose to negotiate to avoid more blood bleeding. event.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408486 
近: What kind of warning will Xi Jinping accept from the Wagner mutiny? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (邓聿文)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T22:04:53+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 14:05:46Z
Description: The extension of Wagner's mercenaries is an impact on China. As Russia's most important ally, Putin did not call Xi Jinping as soon as possible when the mutiny occurred. In addition, if such an armed rebellion happened in China, how would Xi deal with Xi, do the PLA -style figures in the PLA? The Xi will be cautious on the Taiwan issue, and dare not make a job? These are all issues that people care about.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['特约时评', '欧洲', '中国', '乌克兰局势']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/deng-yuwen-on-how-xi-digests-russian-mutiny-20230627/7154687.html 
South Korean Samsung executive Cui Zhenxuan was charged with secret theft to assist Taiwan Hon Haijian Xi'an Chip Factory 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T22:14:28+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 17:20:32Z
Description: South Korean prosecutors accused the Korean semiconductor industry veterans, former Samsung Group executives, and former South Korean SK Hynix Vice Chairman Cui Zhenxuan, stealing his business secrets of Samsung, to assist Apple's largest foundry Taiwan Hon Hai Group established a factory in Xi'an, China to produce semiconductor storage chips.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['科技', '中国', '台湾']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/samsung-trade-secrets-theft-indictment-reveals-foxconn-sinvolvement-in-china-chip-project-062723/7154692.html 
Lukashenko: Pricigo is currently in Bailuos 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T22:29
Modified Time: 2023-06-27T23:23
Description: President Berlos Lukashenko said he had provided Wagner with an abandoned military base, and the head of the Wagner Group Porigor is currently in Beros. Belta reported that Lukashenko said on Tuesday (June 27) that Broas would not be Waig ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '俄罗斯兵变', '白罗斯']
President Berlos Lukashenko said he had provided Wagner with an abandoned military base, and the head of the Wagner Group Porigor is currently in Beros.
Belta reported that Lukashenko said on Tuesday (June 27) that Broas would not build a camp for Wagner, but if Wagner needs, Beros will cooperate.
Lukashenko also said that Beros' Secretary of Defense Viktorkhrennikov told him that he didn't mind having a troops similar to Wagner in the White Ross army. Lukashenko instructed Hellenkov to negotiate with Porigen on the matter.
Poland President Duda said that the migration of Wagner's troops to Belos was bad news for Poland. Du Da, who will talk to the Netherlands with other NATO leaders, said: "We see what is happening. The Russian army moved to Beros in the form of Wagner Group. We have to propose to the allies strongly. "
Porigon's vow to hold on Friday (23rd).(https://www.zaobao.com/realtime/world/story20230624-1407349)Later, the Russian authorities launched a criminal investigation of Porigen. In the mediation of Porigen, under the mediation of President Lokashenko in Berosko, with Moscow Calling Essence According to the agreement, Perigon was allowed to move to Beloos. His soldiers had the opportunity to join Russia's regular armed forces or move with him to White Ross.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230627-1408502 
Yellen plans to visit China in early July. The White House will be issued to set up restrictions on investment in Huagao's investment. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T23:31:43+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 18:49:23Z
Description: The Bloomberg Society quoted people familiar with the matter on Tuesday (June 27) that US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen plans to visit China in early July to hold a high -level economic dialogue with Chinese officials.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/yellen-plans-july-china-trip-while-us-preps-investment-curbs-062723/7154832.html 
New Zealand Prime Minister meets Xi Jinping for discussion bilateral relations and extensive international issues 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-27T23:34:36+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 16:38:30Z
Description: New Zealand Prime Minister Hipkins met with Xi Jinping, the leader of the Communist Party of China in the Great Hall of the People on Tuesday (June 27). After he called "enthusiastic and constructive talks" he called, New Zealand's relationship with China is "friendship".
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '亚太']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/chinese-president-xi-hails-relationship-with-nz-at-meeting-with-pm-hipkins-20230627/7154722.html 
Li Qiang tried to appease foreign companies and investors at the Tianjin Davos Forum 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T01:12:27+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 17:12:27Z
Description: Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang said on Tuesday (June 27) at the Tianjin Davos Forum that international media believes that China's economic growth momentum has begun to weaken this year. Take measures to strengthen domestic demand, activate the market, promote development, and at the same time accelerate green transformation and promote high levels of opening up. Li Qiang also claims that the economic recovery is obvious. The year -on -quarter increased by 4.5%in the first quarter. It is expected that the growth rate in the second quarter will be faster. It is expected to achieve the expected growth goal of about 5%throughout the year.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-premier-strikes-bullish-tone-on-economic-growth-despite-widespread-concerns--20230627/7154748.html 
The United States is uneasy to Beijing, Li Shangfu shows to Vietnam's defense ministers to strengthen military cooperation 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T01:30:05+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 17:30:05Z
Description: Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu said on Tuesday (June 27) to meet with the Vietnamese Defense Minister Pan Wenjiang in Beijing that China is willing to strengthen the interaction and cooperation with the high -level military with the Vietnamese forces.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '中国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-offers-closer-military-cooperation-with-vietnam-20230627/7154867.html 
Pricigo arrived in Belarus, and Lukashenko claimed to persuade Putin to stay in his life. Wagner handed over heavy equipment to the Russian army 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:09:20+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 20:09:20Z
Description: Belarusian President Lukashenko said on Tuesday (June 27) that the leader of the Russian mercenary Wagner Group, Porigon, has arrived in Belarus. Last weekend, Pricigin launched a half -way short -lived soldier for the leadership of Russian President Putin for the war in Ukraine.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/russian-mercenary-chief-prigozhin-arrives-in-belarus-20230627/7155284.html 
The famous Turkish politician calls for inviting Uyghur leaders to visit Turkey 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (卡西姆·卡什加尔)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:32:50+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 20:32:50Z
Description: On June 24, 2023, the Chairman of the Turkish DAP (MHP) and former Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Devlet Bahceli urged the Turkish government to eliminate the former Chairman of the World Uyghur Congress Rebiya Kadeer) access to Turkey's obstacles.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['新疆西藏问题', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/prominent-turkish-politician-trying-to-invite-uighur-dissident-rebiya-kadeer-to-visit-turkey-20230627/7155346.html 
Langing Channel: Is China's fox hunting operation in the United States legal "chasing pursuit and pursuing"? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (易林)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:33:37+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 20:33:37Z
Description: Beijing's allegations to the United States are trying to defend the illegal operations of the People's Republic of China forcing foreigners to return to China on US territory.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['揭谎频道', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/fact-check-china-operation-fox-hunt-20230627/7155160.html 
Thousands of illegal electronic cigarettes are pouring from China into the United States 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:45:52+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 20:45:52Z
Description: The strictly controlled sales data obtained by the Associated Press showed that different electronic cigarettes sold in the United States have increased to more than 9,000 since 2020, which is nearly doubled, which is almost completely driven by illegal disposable electronic cigarettes from China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '健康', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/chinese-vapes-pours-into-us-20230627/7155300.html 
Ambassador of Hei Li: Communist China is the largest enemy in the United States, and invasion of Taiwan means comprehensive economic decoupling 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (莉雅)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T04:49:07+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 20:49:07Z
Description: Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who is nominated by the Republican presidential candidate, delivered China as an enemy during the U.S. Institute of Enterprise Research on the US Enterprise Research on June 27. The biggest threat. She said that the United States must make a series of fundamental changes in policies to fight against China. The former Governor of Corolina also said that China invading Taiwan means that the United States is decoupled from its comprehensive economy.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '中国', '台湾', '军事', '美中关系', '台海两岸关系', '阿片危机']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-china-policy-xi-jinping-cuba-russia-ukraine-taiwan-20230627/7155317.html 
Israel and Palestine officials discuss violence on the west bank of the Jordan River 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T05:13:05+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 21:13:05Z
Description: The Israeli National Defense Minister Jolf Garant and a senior Palestinian official discussed the violence in the west bank of the Jordan River occupied by Israel by Tuesday (June 27). The willingness of riots was guaranteed.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中东', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/israeli-palestinian-ministers-discuss-west-bank-violence-20230627/7155347.html 
South Africa expects China to help it solve the power crisis 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (巴特莱特)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-28T05:45:26+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-27 21:45:26Z
Description: South Africa is facing the most serious energy crisis in history, and is currently struggling in the situation of power outage every day. But the new power Minister KgosientSho Ramokgopa hopes that China can provide South Africa with a line of light in darkness.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['非洲', '生态环境', '中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/south-africa-looks-to-china-to-shed-light-on-power-crisis-20230627/7155326.html 
