世界新闻
World News
2023-05-11
 
English 
German media: diplomacy or confrontation? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-10T-4:05:00Z
Description: The editor -in -chief of the World News made a comment that German Foreign Minister Berbak pointed out the correct direction when facing China. The New Zurich believes that China implements dual strategies for Germany. "Focus Weekly" wrote that the Liberal Democratic Party where the German Treasury Secretary should be right.
Videos: []
Images: [" 65561385_303.jpg "]
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['贝尔博克', '林德纳', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65577941
 Dedica and Foreign Minister met in Berlin
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The editor -in -chief of the World News asked: "Will she do it again?" The comments wrote: "When the German foreign minister is in the face of major conflict issues, it is still clearly clear as usual. : Whether it is China's position on the Russian war in Ukraine, or Taiwan or human rights issues. For its Chinese peers, it is too clear that he refuses to 'from the Western Teacher'. "
The comment wrote that, in the end, it was still an old problem: diplomacy or confrontation. "This issue has split the governing alliance. As a result, the long -established Chinese strategy has not yet been released. China is partners, competitors, and system rivals. This is an agreement between Germany before the third party joint government. But what is not sure is that of the three characters in China, which is the core. "
Comments, even On this topic, Foreign Minister Belbak did not say it. "Yes, she did this again. At the joint press conference, she talked friendly to talk about climate protection and government consultation. After that, it was clearly stated that the exchanges were not so friendly."
The comment said: "The road of German Foreign Minister pointed out the right direction ... ... Friendship does not change China's policy. The important thing is to set up boundaries, even if you must cooperate in specific aspects. Just as Berbak does."
How can the German Foreign Minister visit China for "correction" for Macron? 
"Covers and Punishment" 
At the same time that Belbak met with Chinese Foreign Minister, [] Essence This news is also the content of many other German media. "New Zurich" wrote: "In terms of relations with Germany, China follows dual strategies: collapse and punishment. The day before Qin Gang's visit, a diplomatic bomb in Berlin exploded: Essence "
The opinions of the United Party are different 
"Focus Weekly" believes that if Lindona is "punished" because of its visit to Hong Kong or his colleagues in his Liberal Democratic Party in 2019, it means that the Liberal Democratic Party is right. The article wrote: "The offending the German government should have responded, such as the German -Chinese government consultation that postponed June 20. But it is likely that there will be no such response, because the ruling parties have different positions in Beijing. "
The article wrote: "The Berlin government feels the pressure of Beijing. The value -oriented foreign policy pursued by the Green Party has become increasingly difficult for the Social Democratic Party's opposition and Beijing's offensive attitude. The punishment, that means that they are all right. "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：外交还是对抗？/a-65577941?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Cheng Lei was arrested for more than a thousand days of partners: she is most concerned about the separation of flesh and flesh 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-10T05:38:00Z
Description: Australian Chinese reporter Cheng Lei was arrested and detained in China for more than 1,000 days. Her partner revealed to DW that although Cheng Lei tried to maintain her normal physical and mental state, she was worried about being separated from her child for too long. Experts' alert, the Chenglei case will bring a chilling effect to foreigners living or working in China.
Videos: []
Images: [" 56492674_303.jpg ", " 63029997_401.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['澳大利亚', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '移民难民', '中国', '中共十九大', '人权', '德中关系']
Id: 65568832
 Since Cheng Lei was arrested by the Chinese authorities in August 2020, the outside world knew very little about the progress of the case.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Cheng Lei, a Chinese reporter, has been arrested and detained in China for more than 1,000 days. Since being arrested by the Chinese authorities in August 2020 with the "leakage of national secrets", the court has been tried again once on March 31, 2022, and the trial results have been delayed again and again.
Chenglei's partner, former CEO of the Chinese Australian Chamber of Commerce Nick Coyle, said in a DW interview this week that However, in the past, Cheng Lei can regularly conduct a 30 -minute consular visibility with Australian diplomats every month. After China's related restrictions on the new crown epidemic, they are currently visible face -to -face.
"This is a positive development. Cheng Lei is facing the fact that she is being detained as much as possible in the best physical and mental state. For her, the most worrying and concern for her is to separate from her children." Ke Ke. "Ke Ke." Ke Ke. "Ke Il revealed: "I and her family can pass the message to her through Australian diplomats during the consul, and the diplomats will also transfer her letter to me or her family after visiting her."
Koil added that the first six months after Cheng Lei was arrested, because the police were detained by the police in the way of surveillance and residence, it was very torment for her during that period. But he believed that Cheng Lei showed huge courage and toughness in the process. Through the letter transferred by Cheng Lei, Koil believed that Cheng Lei did not lose the sense of humor she had in the past.
The Chenglei case has not made progress. Australian Foreign Minister Pennywong (May 9) once again called on the Chinese government to reunite with her children, and reiterated that the Australian administration was worried about the continuous delay of the case. Some experts believe that the Australian government should continue to urge the Chinese government to maintain transparency in the Chenglei case, because her family cannot directly visit her, and the transparency will become the key question.
Danielagavshon, director of Australia, who observes human rights, told DW that human rights should be a key issue when the Australian government contacts the Chinese government. She said: "When a lawyer, family, or consular personnel can only contact the defendant detained by the Chinese government in a very limited way, a case like Cheng Lei will become very urgent."
Curier is sure After taking office, the government "has been actively dealing with the case of Chenglei." He said to DW: "Under the premise of trying to repair bilateral relations with the Australian government, they have continued to emphasize the importance of solving the case of becoming into a transformer case."
Non -disciplined and non -interest triggering "Cicada Effect" 
Cheng Lei is not the only Australian citizen who has been arrested by the Chinese government for spy -related crimes in the past few years. Australian Chinese writer Yang Hengjun has been detained to this day after he was arrested at the Guangzhou Airport in January 2019. The Beijing Second Intermediate People's Court opened his trial of his "spy case" in May 2021, but has not yet obtained the final trial results.
It is generally believed that the cases of Cheng Lei and Yang Hengjun occurred in the context of the deterioration of relations between China and Australia, but some observers believe that it is difficult for the outside world to determine whether the two cases are Chinese government based on the limited news. The "hostage diplomacy" method of consistent use. Human Rights Observation Senior Chinese researcher Wang Yaqiu told DW: "Cheng Lei's case is still different from the cases of two Canadians. The two Canadians have been detained because China wants to retaliate against the Canadian government's arrest of Huawei Finance Meng Wanzhou, but Although the big background of the Chenglei case has deteriorated in China and Australia, the outside world is still unclear for her specific reasons. "
In 2018, Meng Wanzhou, the financial director of China, was arrested in Canada. Later, China arrested two Canadian citizens to pressure Canada in the "hostage diplomacy" model.
 Cheng Lei's partner Koyer said that Cheng Lei was the first six months after his arrest, because the police were detained by the police in the way of surveillance and residence, it was very torment for her during that period.
However, Wang Yaqiu believes that the Chenglei case will definitely bring a chilling effect to foreigners living or working in China, because although Cheng Lei is not like the goal that the Chinese government will suppress in the past, after her arrest Too many news about her, this situation "will definitely produce a" cold cicada effect ". She said: "Cheng Lei's basic human rights were not satisfied, and she was still in the news that she had no news at all, so this shows that the Chinese government's persecution of human rights is more serious than before."
Koyer said to DW that he still puzzled the crime of the Chinese government's accusation of Cheng Lei. In his cognition, Chenglei could not have privileges to obtain the so -called confidential information. He said: "As a foreign journalist working on CGTN (China Global Television), she cannot contact those information. Cheng Lei is a enthusiastic Australian citizen, but in her journalist career, she has also promoted foreign countries Enterprises have developed well in Chinese or Chinese companies in foreign countries. As a business journalist, she believes that she wants to tell positive stories related to economic communication. "
Koil also shouted to the Chinese government, calling on the Chinese government to make a reasonable judgment on the Chenglei case as soon as possible. He said, "I understand that there is a system and program in China, but I also want to confirm that all parties can try their best to solve the current situation facing Cheng Lei, let her go home as soon as possible to reunite with her children."
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/成蕾遭捕逾千日-伴侶：她最牽掛骨肉分離/a-65568832?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Nazi regime: from burning books to burning people 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-10T14:39:00Z
Description: On May 10th, ninety years ago, in large and small cities in Germany, you can see the flames of "non -German" books everywhere. These books include the famous writer Thomas Man Man, Eric Maria Remark and Egypt. The work of Rich Corsterner.
Videos: []
Images: [" 65530397_303.jpg ", " 65512299_401.jpg ", " 65532385_401.jpg ", " 64972651_401.jpg ", " 65512130_401.jpg ", " 55813568_401.jpg ", " 65512309_401.jpg ", " 64062196_401.jpg "]
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['纳粹罪行', '纳粹名画事件', '两次世界大战', '纳粹']
Id: 65578764
 (Voice of Germany Chinese) in May in May, on the Berlin Grand Theater Square, the flames of the bear illuminate the face of the onlookers, and the German writer Erich Kästner at this moment Standing in the crowd. The Nazi submachine players in black uniforms throw up binding books towards the fire, and the name of the banned writers such as Corsterna is played in the treble speaker: "Opposition to fall, oppose moral degradation!Defend family and country's public order and customs!I want to take Heinlihiman(Heinrich Mann)The books of Ernst Gläser, Erich Kästner (Ernst Gläser), was a bonus. "
 Berlin Berbel Square, which witnessed the Nazi Burning Book
The above scene took place on May 10, 1933. Essence
Wernertre, a historian who wrote many monographs on the burning incident, said: "If there is no Nazis and no incident incident, then the cultural diversity of Germany and the innovative spirit that emerged in the 1920s must be possible. Continue. "The cultural and artistic revival of the Weimar Republic period quickly disappeared after the Nazis came to power. The brick band of books on May 10th is an iconic event.
Cultural elite fled one after another 
As early as the start of the book, many banned writers have left Germany, such as Alfred Kerr, Bers Brothers of Thomas Und Heinrich Mann, Erika Und Klausmann)Brothers and sisters, Else Lasker-Schüler, Irmgard Keun, Ernsttoller.
 During the Nazi rule, Erica Und Klaus Mann, who was forced to exile,)Brothers and sisters.
The cultural elites of the Weimar Republic fled from Germany. Because from the day Hitra came to power on January 30, 1933, they had realized that they had no future in Germany.
Nazi's rival: Jews, left -wing people, and liberals 
A few years ago, the Nazis revealed the determination to kill the opponents. In addition to all Jews by the Nazis, they also include artists with different political opinions. Everyone who refuses to accept the Nazi ideology will be characterized as "non -virtue" and become a banned alien. The blacklist of the banned works and writers continued to be updated. As of May 1933, there were more than 200 writers on the blacklist, and one year later, the banned works were as many as 3,500.
Writer Remark is particularly hated by Nazi. In 1928, he published the novel "No War in the West", which reflected the cruel scene of World War I, and was moved to the screen by Hollywood two years later. The peacetime concept shown in the work makes the Nazis and conservatives feel dissatisfied. In their opinion, this is a great insult to German soldiers. In 1930, when Hollywood filmed films of the same name in Germany, the Nazi charge shocked the theater under the encouragement of Gobberl, who was official to the Minister of Publicity in the future, and was banned by the film for a time.
 The writer Remark's "Western Line No War" was moved to the screen three times, winning six Oscar awards.
When the work was banned, the writer Remark had left Germany. As early as 1933, he immigrated to Switzerland.
Open letter from the United States 
Castner may be the only writer who watched his book was burned on the evening of May 10, 1933, and at the same time, the New York Times published an open letter for German college students. 。
 Keller, an open letter who opposes the Nazi Burning Book
"If you believe that you can stifle your mind, then you obviously have not learned the lessons of history. The tyrants have tried to kill the mind many times, but the thought has never been defeated and eventually defeated the tyrant."
The author of the open letter is the American deaf and blind female female writer Helen Keller. Like Jack London, Hemingway, Gorky and other foreign writers, Keller's works are also banned and burned in Nazi Germany.
"Kaskat is standing there" 
On May 10, 1933, in the burning operation in Berlin, a lady suddenly shouted: "Kaskat stands there." The writer himself later wrote: At this moment, the witness of the burning operation, Kaskat, felt "extremely uncomfortable." He left the book of burning, but stayed in Germany, and the hardships of life could be imagined. However, because he was not a Jewish, he insisted on the collapse of the Nazis in 1945.
 In 1970, the writer Caskat at a book reading meeting.
Persecution, torture, death, but most people are not so lucky. Reporter and writer Carl Vonossietzky was arrested in 1933. After many years of imprisonment and torture, he died in a hospital in 1938 in a closely ruling hospital. Anti -military writer Erich Mühsam was killed in the Orainburg concentration in 1934. German Jewish poet Grtrud Kolmar, a German Jewish poet who stayed in Berlin, died at the Oswelin concentration camp in 1943.
Successful writer in exile 
Among the German cultural elites that have left their hometown, they can continue to engage in cultural undertakings and succeed. They include Blacht and Thomas Man.
Historist Trees said: "For American universities and cultural institutions, a large number of immigrants from Germany are simply an unexpected harvest, and their influence is still there. Unable to make up for it. "
The place where the book is burned will eventually burn people 
There is such a inscription on Berlin Berpier Square where the Burning Burning Memorial Museum is located: "The place where the book is burned will eventually burn people." The memorial is a lighting ground full of empty bookshelves designed by Israeli artist Ulman.
 Burning Book Memorial on Berlin Berbel Square
This sentence was originally a work from German Jewish poet Heine in 1820, but the Nazi period turned into a cruel reality. Trees said: "The Nazis burned books in 1933, burned the Jewish Church in 1938, and began to burn people in the massacre against European Jewish in 1942/43."
Burning Book: Not Nazi independent 
Heine is certainly not a prophet. The reason why he wrote such a sentence was to reflect the religious trial in the Middle Ages of Spain. Burning books are not the originality of Nazi, but have a long historical heritage. Whether it is Christianity or the history of Islam, there have been more than hundreds of years of burning books. The ancient Greek and modern Iran and Russia have also appeared in the incineration books.
 German Jewish poet Heine: The place where the book is burned will eventually burn.
All autocratic regimes in the world are afraid of words based on freedom, because this will threaten their dominant position. It is based on this fear that the Nazi also burned the poet's work on May 10, 1933, and Heine himself died of Paris as early as seven0 years ago.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/纳粹政权：从焚书，到烧人/a-65578764?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Representatives of the Shiwei Conference attended the Volkswagen Shareholders' Association, called to close the Xinjiang plant 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-10T15:27:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T10:01:26-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png ", " 000003.png "]
 Outside of the annual shareholders venue of German Volkswagen on the 10th, human rights activities demanded that Volkswagen to withdraw from Xinjiang. World Uyghur Congress Twitter Screenshot German Volkswagen Corporation held an annual shareholders' meeting on Wednesday (10th). Representatives of Uyghur human rights groups spoke at the meeting and criticized the company's production lines in Xinjiang and Chinese suppliers involved forced workers. They called on Volkswagen to close the Xinjiang plant and cut off their contact with related suppliers.
Volkswagen CEO claims that the Xinjiang plant has not forced labor to be criticized Strike Xinjiang forced Labor and the United States Senate to make a letter to the eight major car manufacturers to check ***
At the annual shareholders' meeting of Volkswagen Volkswagen on the 10th, the company's chief executive officer OliverBlume said: "In China, as the first place in the market, our operations are in a strong position. Last year, we were in, we were in last year. The delivery of full -electric ID family vehicles here has doubled more than doubled. In order to ensure this status in the future, we need the correct strategy and appropriate steps. "
 
 On May 10, 2023, Oliver Blume, CEO of Volkswagen, spoke at the company's annual shareholders' meeting. (Reuters) [] The World Walight Conference called on Volkswagen: Close the Xinjiang plant to eliminate forced labor suppliers 
During the conference, the representative of the Human Rights Organization "World Uyghur Congress", Haiyuer Kuerban, was invited to speak in the name of "DachverBandkritische", and put forward their factory in terms of human rights in the factory in terms of human rights. Worry.
Kurban told this station: "I mainly ask Volkswagen to close the factory in Urumqi in the speech, and to completely cut off all the Chinese companies that involve Uyghur forced labor in China."
Kurban said that Volkswagen Volkswagen, as one of the world's largest automobile manufacturers, is also the only company that establishes production business in Xinjiang. Ten years ago, the company established a production line in this area where the Chinese authorities persecuted Uighurs and other ethnic minorities.
For the concerns of human rights issues, the World Uyghur Congress has long required Volkswagen to not establish factories in Xinjiang. Especially in 2017, after the CCP authorities under the leadership of Xi Jinping implemented a series of racial extinction policies in Xinjiang, the World Walight will worry about Volkswagen’s company’s company’s company’s There are more forced labor problems in the supply chain, and it has also exerted greater pressure on public opinion.
British university report disclosure: Western car manufacturers involve Uighurs forced labor 
Kurban specifically mentioned that a survey report from Sheffield Hallamuniversity in the United Kingdom stated that there was a lot of connections between automotive factories in Western countries and Uyghur forced labor. The raw materials and processing of many Chinese parts suppliers are in Xinjiang, so the international supply chain is easy to involve the issue of human rights such as compulsory labor.
"This report is very clearly showed that Volkswagen, especially Chinese companies that are directly linked to and played a very important role in the Volkswagen's supply chain. The concentration camp directly mobilized to various production plants for Uighurs who forced labor, "Kurban said.
According to Reuters, about ten activists interrupted the speeches of the executives at the shareholders' meeting, condemning the company's vehicles forced by forced labor, and waving a banner written by "ending Uighurs forced labor". Another protesters cast a cake to the chairman of Volkswagen, forcing him to bow his head to avoid. The security personnel subsequently took the protesters out of the venue.
 On May 10, 2023, demonstrators protested before the annual conference of Volkswagen Co., Ltd. held by Berlin, Germany. (Reuters) [] 
Is the Volkswagen setting up a factory in Xinjiang? 
So, how does Volkswagen's concerns about the human rights issues of the Xinjiang plant respond? Kurban said: "They all know the CCP's destructive policy of the CCP, and they all have high attention to this aspect. But they avoid one of our main requirements, that is, close the factory of Urumqi."
Kurban also told the station that when Volkswagen's factories in Xinjiang were likely to be a political decision: "Based on our judgment and judgment of major German media, this is mainly political decision, not an economic decision. German media reported that at that time, Volkswagen would establish a large -scale production base in Guangdong, and the Chinese government put pressure on Volkswagen companies so that they would also build a factory in Urumqi. "
Kurban said that although they cannot independently verify this statement, the size of the public in Urumqi is much smaller than its factories in other parts of China. Relevant economic analysts in Germany believe that the factory is not good in production efficiency and economic efficiency, and has not brought any economic profit to Volkswagen in 10 years.
Kurban: Underestimating Political Risks Volkswagen is now in trouble 
Kurban believes that the Chinese authorities have made Volkswagen's factories in Xinjiang to make it more dependent on China, and Volkswagen's senior management may greatly underestimate the political risks brought by the Xinjiang plant to them. Today, the local situation has evolved into the harsh situation of "racial extinction", and Volkswagen is now in dilemma.
 On May 10, 2023, Hans Dieter Poetsch, chairman of Berlin, Germany, spoke at the company's annual shareholders' meeting. (Reuters) [] "When the World Uyghur Conference dialogue with the senior officials of Volkswagen Corporation, they also confessed this. That is, although they wanted to close the factory, they did not have such rights. In the local cooperative company, they have no way to make such a decision alone. "Kurban said," More importantly, they are afraid that the Chinese government will take this reason to retaliate against them. "
At the end of February this year, Volkswagen China CEO Ralf Brandstätter went to the Xinjiang factory to inspect and claimed that he did not find any signs of human rights in the factory and will continue to produce locally.
Kurban said that before this shareholders' meeting, they had communicated with some major shareholders of Volkswagen and stated to them their concerns in human rights: "Ask them to use their own investment and their own decision -making power, Press the executive committee of Volkswagen, allowing them to close their factories in Urumqi, and cut off the connection with all Chinese companies involving the use of forced workers. "
In response to the station's inquiry about the Xinjiang plant and forced labor, Volkswagen responded to the station that Volkswagen Group "resolutely opposes the existence of forced labor and children's workers in its global business activities", and "does not tolerate any exception." The company also said, "We still have no evidence of forced labor -whether in our joint venture or in the supply chain."
Reporter: Caddy Editor: He Ping.com Editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/kw-05102023101807.html 
Column | Network Game: "Where Are You Are You" and follow China's resistance to unrighteous women 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-10T15:57:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T02:43:27-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Another song of Changan Xiuming lyrics "Where Are You Are You" [] Screenshot of Changan Xiu Ming Oil Pipeline In the last program, we introduced the song "Psalm of Juveniles", a literati painter who studied from China to the United States, to release the white paper campaign from China to the United States. Today's program, we introduce another song "Where are you in Wu Yi" in Changan Xiuming.
Wuyi is a post -90s girl in China. Her net name is the ancient city of Wuyi. The Weibo name is that I can pick up 120 pounds. According to the website of the Minsheng Observation website, on February 11 last year, I went to Fengxian, Jiangsu to solve the Utai Woman's Wuyi and another netizen arrested by the Xuzhou police for "provoking trouble" and was released a week later. After the release of Wuyi, he disclosed on Weibo that the situation of being beaten and abused during Xuzhou was detained. On March 2 last year, it was taken away by the Xuzhou police again. In Xuzhou Peixian, he was once again monitored in the name of "provoking trouble".
Today's "Network Game" show, please listen to our interview with Chang An Xiu Ming, the lyrics of the song "Where are you in Wu Yi".
For two consecutive three and eight consecutive sections, while overseas public opinion, while paying attention to the phenomenon of iron chain women and Chinese trafficking women, also called on China to release black black clothes that loses freedom to the iron chain woman.
Many songs created by Changan Xiuming are concerned about China's rights protection campaign. His song "Where Are You Whatever" published in November last year on personal accounts banned by China. Changan Xiuming stated on the oil pipe that every woman who resisted unjustly to pay attention to the answer to history.
In fact, Changan Xiuming not only pays attention to the fate of women who have been suppressed by China because of their rights to defend their rights, but also the fate of women in other parts of the world such as Iran.
In addition, Changan Xiuming also launched a number of songs that pay attention to or anti -brainwashing on the personal channel of the oil pipe "Don't Love Me" and "That moment".
For details, please click on the audio file link of the "Internet Game" program on this website.
Welcome everyone to push the "Internet Game" program linked online.
Moderator Xiaoan's social media:
Twitter account: https://twitter.com/xiaoan000
Facebook account: https://www.facebook.com/pei.an.58
Disclaimer: The view of the interviewed by Radio Free Asia does not necessarily represent the position of Radio Free Asia.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/wangluoboyi/iwar-05102023153418.html 
In -depth topic ｜ "Honey Action" revealed (above): A screenshot of the screen leaks the public opinion operation of China's hidden secrets 
Author: 编译：董喆
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-10T19:34:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T09:47:13-04:00
Description: Compilation: Dong Yan
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png ", " 000003.png ", " 000004.png ", " 000005.png ", " 000006.png ", " 000007.png ", " 000008.png ", " 000009.png ", " 000010.png ", " 000011.png "]
 Photo: RFA
"The United States has always had only one rule, that is, there is no rule." In March 2022, the Twitter Account Clark ROOSEVELT published a _ _, Attach a screenshot of the document "One of the U.S. hegemonic diseases: the door to the monitoring that will never be closed", accuses the United States "clamor" on the issue of human rights in China, but "ignores international rules and morality."
This account is like a lonely wolf on Twitter, and it has not been established with any account. This tweet only gains only one like. Coincidentally, the screenshot of the screen screenshot of "One of the U.S. hegemonic disease: the door to the monitoring", but in December 2022, it received more than 200 account forwarding on Weibo.
A research of the Australian Institute (ASPI) " ", Collect data from many platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, Sina Weibo, and byte beating products. It unveiled a Internet influence operation operation related to" Spamouflage ". The image of hegemony.
ASPI points Clark Roosevelt to a part of the "SPAMUMOUFLAGE" China Passage Action, and the Clarkroosevelt screenshot suspected to leak the code of this operation- "Honey Action" behind the China Salt City Public Security Bureau and the China Salt City Public Security Bureau and China Internet Security Company Qi Anxin.
What is spamouflage? How do they evolve? 
Spamouflage combined with English single -word spam (spam or message) and Camouflage (camouflage), representing an action unit that spread false news.
The word spamouflage was first by the community media analysis company "Graphika" _ _, A mobile unit consists of several false accounts. Most of their avatars come from gallery or even AI to generate portraits and use fictional names to post vibrato videos or landscape photos on social platforms, but they are also interspersed with specific political topics. The view of the sneaky vacation message is sometimes relaxed and political. Accounts in the Spamouflage network often publish similar content at the same time, and often like, share or comment on each other's posts.
In the second half of 2018, Spamouflage was slightly active. It was used to attack Guo Wengui, a wealthy man who disagreed in China, but did not arouse ripples. Graphika then observed a cross -platform Chinese community network to attack the Hong Kong demonstrators on YouTube, Twitter and Facebook in 2019. The purpose is to support the Chinese government.
After 5 years, ASPI found that Spamouflage has evolved. This community network is more focused on affecting audiences outside China. At least on the world's 40 community platforms, both China and Russia are no exception.
And different from the past SPAMouflage's fake accounts are only interacting in the circle and the use of pseudo -fake charts. ASPI found that these false accounts began to learn to create their own "character settings".
 The Spamouflage account named ERINCHEW claims to live in Sydney and San Diego. (Figure / aspi) 2021 in the United States and China in Australia_ _, ASPI exposes the SPAMOUFLAGE account to intervene in Australian politics more directly, trying to incite the personal accounts of marginal parties and conspiracy theories, and increase the people's distrust of the government. These false accounts have become more "real". They are famous and surnamed and work, and they build themselves as a real Australian.
Promoting time to April 2023, ASPI published the latest report_ _, Revealing that during the community platform during the 2022, a suspected Internet operation led by the Chinese government, vigorously declared that the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the National Security Agency (NSA) were conducting irresponsible to China and other countries. Online spy activity.
ASPI is still based on multiple evidences on the community platform. It is believed that in addition to strategic publicity, the purpose of these discussions may even be expanded to the Belt and Road countries in order to support China's online security services.
How to drive public opinion by China Internet Security Company 
ASPI first issued a report from China Internet Security Corporation.
From 2015 to 2022, China Internet Security Company released at least 16 reports to blame the United States for APT attacks (notes) against China. Among them, the two peaks in 2015 and 2016 were respectively. The incident and the VAULT7 (translated as "Dome 7") in the United States Central Love Bureau.
In 2022, the number of relevant reports of China Internet Security Co., Ltd. increased sharply, but the United States government did not have a large -scale leakage incident in the previous year, and Russian Internet Security Cabbasky did not have relevant reports. Therefore, ASPI believes that this is unusual.In the same year, ASPI counted the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson at least 13 issues on US Internet activities. Chinese official media such as the Global Times, Xinhua News Agency and the People's Daily published at least 23 English in English about US Internet operations. article.
By analyzing the public statement of the Chinese government and official reports, ASPI found the allegations of "American Internet Spy Operation", mainly based on the report issued by two Chinese Internet security companies in 2022. At the same time, the community platform also appeared on the community platform. A large and homogeneous public opinion.
Pangu Laboratory, a subsidiary of Qi Anxin, in March 2022_ The National Security Agency (NSA) uses the back door BVP47 to monitor 45 countries for ten years; September, a Chinese online security company "Qihoo 360" and the National Computer Virus Emergency Treatment Center published _ , Alleged NSA tried to penetrate Northwestern Polytechnical University of China.
China Network Security Company released a report on the US Internet Activity. Then the Chinese official and the media have accused the United States of Internet hegemony consistent with the media. Then they went to the community platform's suspicious accounts to sing peace, and vaguely revealed the foreign propaganda of the Chinese Communist Party.
SPAMOUFLAGE and the United States hegemony of the party with the party 
ASPI believes that "Honey Action" is a project name that promotes the series in series. It comes from a screenshot of a tweet. Representative. The main axis of "Honey Action" is to push an article on the Internet, "One of the" one of the American hegemony: One of the Diseases of AmericanhegeMony: The Door of WiretApping that Never Closes "" " Essence ASPI collected the account that they thought it was the "Honey Action" from January 1, 2022 to January 1, 2023. The blog post, 10 Facebook posts, and 71 Sina Weibo post.
 The tab of the Spamouflage account screenshot accidentally leaked the name of the suspected Internet operation. (Figure / aspi) ASPI found that the account in this public opinion operation network should have existed for many years, because they have the same characteristics as the SPAMOUFLAGE accounts that have been revealed in the past, such as images generated by AI, and posts that have criticized Guo Wengui. These posts were released on working hours on working days on Beijing time, and the frequency of posts issued a peak after publishing a report in Pangu Lab.
 ASPI detection from Spamouflage related tweets from January 1, 2022 to January 1, 2023. The dotted line is the time for Pangu Labs to release the US NSA spy operation report. (Figure / aspi) On Twitter, these accounts often use#USCyberhegeMony,#USSURVEILANCE,#在 在 在 在,#在 在,#Resisting the cloud bill,#hacker United States,#在ism and other labels, and with ridicule cards to condemn the United States in the United States' Online operation.
 The ridicule card of the spamouflage account tweet. (Figure / aspi) ASPI also found that these accounts did not limit the scope of publicity between Spamouflage, but sang with the CCP's propaganda. The Global Television Network Review Department T-House and Chinese Consul General Li Bijian in Karachi all reposted a tweet published by the Spamouflage account. The tweet accused the United States as hacker empire.
 Chinese officials and official media forwarded the evidence of tweeting of the Spamouflage account. (Figure / aspi) The evidence of the honey -cricket operation is also operating in China's firewall ASPI observed that the report of the report of "One of the U.S. Hegemony: The Gate of Supervision of the Surveillance" of the U.S. Hegemony has hardly caused any interaction on Twitter, so it is unlikely to touch Chinese netizens and carry it to the Chinese social platform. After searching on the Chinese website, ASPI found that more than 200 accounts have published the same screenshots and descriptions, and these accounts usually use cartoons or female models as big head stickers, which is similar to the features of the SPAMOUFLAGE account on the Western platform.
 Screenshots of the same "one of the American hegemonic diseases" by Twitter and Weibo. (Figure / aspi) And like the previous Spamouflage network, almost all Sina Weibo posts were published in the "996 period" in Beijing time (at 9 am, get off work at 9 pm, 6 days a week.) Published. And these accounts are obviously not true, but they have not been suspended by Weibo as fake accounts. ASPI believes that the platform does not stop SPAMOUFLAGE's activities on Chinese social media, which may be acquiescence by the Chinese government.
 The SPAMOUFLAGE account is roughly the same time for the release of tweets in the West and the Chinese community platform. (Figure / aspi) Spamouflage's subtle relationship with the Public Security Bureau 
ASPI further tracks social platforms other than Weibo, published a similar account IP position at the source, 8 from Yancheng, 8 in Nanjing, 7 in Zhenjiang City, and 5 other from Beijing -almost from Beijing -almost from Beijing -almost from Beijing -almost from Beijing -almost They are surrounded by Jiangsu Province.
First of all, ASPI found that the previous account named "Aragaki Yui" repeatedly published an article entitled "One of the U.S. hegemony". The previous activity history of this account contains the salary and answer of teachers in Funing County and Xiangshui County Primary School in Yancheng City, and collects articles about the Jiangsu Self -Study Examination.
On the headline of the platform of the byte beating, a account named "Chihua Was" only published 6 articles about the US surveillance, and the scope of these articles only stopped the Spamouflage account on the Sino -British social platform. ASPI found that as of the release of the report, there were only 4 fans in this account, and each article was read only 7 times. And there is only one account that "Chihuahua and Chihuahua".
 Today's headline account "Chihuahua and Chihuahua". (Figure / aspi) One is only one post, and it happens to be an account "Dapeng 5776" related to the US Internet hegemony. Its big head photo is a selfie of a Chinese police officer, and the post position of posts is displayed as Jiangsu. The other is an account called "User 7763546981". Its big head photo is a Public Security Bureau. Huayai obtained the photo by positioning the photo as a north police station in Jianhu County, Yancheng, Jiangsu Province. These two accounts applied to Weibo by themselves before publishing this article.
 The big head of the "Dapeng 5776" Weibo account is a selfie of a Chinese police officer. (Figure / aspi) 
 The account of "User 7763546981" is a public security bureau. (Figure / aspi) However, ASPI also said that although these accounts have potential connections, there is still no enough public evidence to confirm that the Yantong Public Security Bureau directly operates the SPAMOUFLAGE account. In view of Twitter and Facebook's parent company Meta, Meta has already attributed SPAMOUFLAGE to the Chinese government. ASPI is inferred by the above evidence that Chinese public security institutions may be one of the key actors in China's publicity system to carry out SPAMOUFLAGE operations.

Does the CCP intervene in spamouflage? 
For a long time, major think tanks or democratic national institutions have been lacking in direct evidence to prove that the type of information wars of SPAMOUFLAGE are directly stretched out by the Chinese People's Liberation Army or the Ministry of National Security of China.ASPI found that the operation method of most accounts in the honey -cricket operation was not mature, showing that these accounts may be operated by commercial companies or online commentators. The report quoted the analyst of Randcorporation, and pointed out that the SPAMOUFLAGE associated account was not operated by the Chinese military, but may be jointly operated by the CCP's propaganda department, united front department or two.
ASPI believes that through this wave of foreign announcements, the CCP has attempted to show that China Internet Security Corporation has the ability to expose the secret operations of the United States and create the image of the Communist Party of China.
In the next article, we will discuss the role played by Qi Anxin and Yancheng Public Security Bureau in this wave of publicity, as well as how Chinese Internet security companies cooperate with foreign publicity and further meet their own interests.
Note: APT attacks the full name of Dvanced PersistentthReat, which is intended to target complex and multi -oriented attacks for specific organizations. This type of attack time can be several days, weeks or even longer.
_ "This series is compiled by the Asian factual inspection of the laboratory and is responsible for the translation.(https://www.aspi.org.au/report/gaming-public-opinion) " 
_ "Asian facts check the laboratory's responsibility for the translation of this study. The original English version of the report can be found on the website of the Australian Strategic Policy Research Institute: _ _ “ _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-05102023174311.html 
Select the re -elected silver bullet, you must not start the fundraising trip 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T-15:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T08:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 10th) After the 2024 US presidential election, Biden launched a fundraising journey today. The election expenditure may refresh all the campaign records again.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 After a lecture on the northern suburbs of New York to criticize the Republican Party, Biden is expected to participate in two fundraising activities in Manhattan, and it is expected to obtain the Golden Lord Olympic aid.
One of them will be hosted by Tonyjames, former vice chairman of the global asset management company Blackstone Group. As for the cost? According to CNBC, $ 25,000 per person.
After that, Biden will go to the businessman George Logothetis to participate in a fundraising dinner.
Outside the United States, such activities held in luxury homes to politics, money, and cocktails seem to be ... not very decent, especially when the head of state attended.
But in the United States, if you have money to make ghosts, you can even judge a candidate from the ability to attract gold. The basis of its argument is that if you get a lot of influential gold owners to support money, then this person is the winner.
The staff of the Biden camp told the Washington Post that he hoped to raise more than $ 2 billion to help the 80 -year -old Democrats re -elected.
Former President Trump was regarded as a potential opponent of the Republican Party that Biden most needed to take seriously. The staff said that Trump was charged with 34 charges because of the sealing fee, but instead caused a large donation to influx.
According to the non -profit election fund tracking website Open Secrets, the 2024 election expenses may be the highest in American history.
Of course, these money comes not only from the rich or large enterprises. According to OpenSecrets, the more than $ 400 million received by Biden in 2020 comes from personal donations, and each donation amount is less than $ 200. (Translator: Zheng Shiyun/Calculate: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E9%80%89%E8%BF%9E%E4%BB%BB%E9%93%B6%E5%BC%B9%E4%B8%8D%E8%83%BD%E5%B0%91-%E6%8B%9C%E7%99%BB%E5%B1%95%E5%BC%80%E5%8B%9F%E6%AC%BE%E4%B9%8B%E6%97%85 
Corri won 27 points to retire the Lakers and Warriors to keep the defending first -line vitality 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T-21:18:11+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T06:50:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, San Francisco, 10th) The Warriors Correa scored 27 points today, and Weijinus and Gelin also scored 25 points and 20 points respectively. After chasing 2 to 3, it also temporarily keeps the front -line vitality of fighting for defending.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The US professional Basketball NBA defending the Jinzhou Warriors, the playoffs hit the playoffs. Today, when the second round lags behind, it will face the Los Angeles Lakers at home.
The warriors who were in the backwater war, after Stephen Curry scored a three -pointer, led a two -digit one in 17 to 5. When the Lakers chased their cassions for a while, and when Austinreaves was punished, they chased behind two points behind. The Warriors led the throwing after cutting into the reference stage of Jordan Poole, led 32 to 28 in the first quarter.
The Lakers scored 13 to 8 at the next section, and 1 point was over 1 point after two free throws. The Warriors scored after scoring Draymondgreen and relying on the "three -pointer" of Andrewwiggins to expand the difference. After Kerry cut into a large three -pointer, the Warriors led the Lakers with a double digit in the first half of the first half.
After the Sleument of the Warriors in the third quarter, the general expanded to the most 18 points in the entire game. After the Lakers scored a three -pointer in Dennisschroder, after James made a layup, he twice reduced his backward to the remaining 11 points gap. At the time of the 3rd quarter, the Warriors maintained a 11 -point leading advantage 93 than 82.
After the Lake Lake scored a three -pointer in River, he reduced his backward to 9 points. After the Warriors suspended, they rely on Correy to score 5 points, and then pulled the difference to double digits. Since then, the Warriors have maintained a double -digit safety distance, and finally won at a difference of 15 points.
The Warriors won the city in this campaign. At present, they still lag behind in the series in the series. Next, they will play in the Lakers at home, hoping to equalize the battle in one fell swoop.
The Warriors Correr scored a maximum of 27 points in the audience and sent 8 assists. Weijinus contributed 25 points. Gelin scored 20 points and 10 rebounds. In terms of scores and 11 points, although Klay Thompson scored 10 points, it included 2 of 6 shots in 3 points. He scored only 3 goals in 12 shots, and his feel was obviously not good.
James scored a maximum of 25 points in the Lakers. Davis contributed 23 points and 9 rebounds. D'Angelo Russell and Rivers scored 15 points. Schlorode set off at the bench with 14 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230511-%E6%9F%AF%E7%91%9E%E5%A4%BA27%E5%88%86%E9%80%80%E6%B9%96%E4%BA%BA-%E5%8B%87%E5%A3%AB%E4%BF%9D%E4%BD%8F%E5%8D%AB%E5%86%95%E4%B8%80%E7%BA%BF%E7%94%9F%E6%9C%BA 
Anti -corruption agencies should ask for the former Prime Minister of Pakistan for 8 days 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T-26:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T06:20:03+00:00
Description: (AFP, Islamic Maland, 10th) After the former Prime Minister of Pakistan, Imraan Khan, was detained, the court had approved Pakistan's highest anti -corruption agency to return Emran Khan for 8 days.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Imlan Khan was arrested during the routine hearing of the ISLAMABAD High Court in the capital yesterday, and was taken to an unknown place at night, and then a special closed -door anti -corruption court in the police headquarters responded to Essence
Imlan Khan's lawyer Ali Bukhari told AFP on the phone that the court had approved the repayment of Emran Khan for 8 days at the request of Pakistan's highest anti -corruption agency.
Im Lanhan's other lawyer, Afzal Marwat, said earlier that Emran Khan was "good", but complained that the quasi -military forces who came to arrest him beating his head and legs.
Emran Khan was a super star for crickets and is still popular. He previously said that he had dozens of lawsuits, and he was a current government and military agencies that prevented him from re -controlling power.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E5%BA%94%E5%8F%8D%E8%B4%AA%E8%85%90%E6%9C%BA%E6%9E%84%E8%A6%81%E6%B1%82-%E5%B7%B4%E5%9F%BA%E6%96%AF%E5%9D%A6%E5%89%8D%E6%80%BB%E7%90%86%E8%BF%98%E6%8A%BC8%E5%A4%A9 
Canada and Latvia have announced joint training in Ukraine 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T-6:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T10:50:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, 10th. 10th) The National Defense Minister of Canada and Latvia jointly announced today that the two countries will jointly train Ukraine's initial officers as soon as next week.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This training will be conducted in Latvia and based on Canada's military deployment and training in Britain and Europe, which will consolidate the defense of the North Atlantic Convention (NATO) and support Ukraine.
During the visit of the Canadian Defense Minister of Defense Anand, during the visit of Latvia Defense Director Inramurn, he told reporters in Ottawa: "I can announce today that Canada and Latvia will start on May 15th at the same time on May 15th. Training Ukrainian officers and soldiers. "
Antan Germany pointed out that the military of the two countries "will provide training for the Ukrainian armed forces to provide training to improve leadership capabilities."
Ukraine's preliminary officers will accept guidance on "the process of power, responsibility, planning and ordering, motor coordination, intelligence, reconnaissance, planning and execution" in battle.
In the past year, Canada promised to provide Ukraine with more than 1 billion Canadian dollars (about NT $ 23 billion) for military aid to resist Russian aggression, including chariots, armored vehicles, ground -to -air missiles, grenades and ammunition.
Since 2015, Canada has also trained tens of thousands of Ukrainian troops. Ukraine President Volodymyrzlenskyy said earlier this month that he had discussed long -term defense cooperation with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
In addition, more than 1,100 troops were stationed in the Eastern European region, including 800 people in Latvia.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E5%8A%A0%E6%8B%BF%E5%A4%A7%E5%92%8C%E6%8B%89%E8%84%B1%E7%BB%B4%E4%BA%9A%E5%AE%A3%E5%B8%83-%E5%85%B1%E5%90%8C%E8%AE%AD%E7%BB%83%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E5%88%9D%E9%98%B6%E5%86%9B%E5%AE%98 
The Bank of England raised interest rates to 4.5% the highest level in 15 years 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T0:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 11th) The Bank of England, British Bank, today decided to increase the benchmark interest rate by 1 yard to 4.5%to fight against high inflation and set the highest level in the past 15 years.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This is the 12th rate of interest rate hikes in the Central Bank of the United Kingdom, and the British inflation rate is still more than 10%.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230511-%E8%8B%B1%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E5%8D%87%E6%81%AF%E8%87%B34-5-%E5%88%9B15%E5%B9%B4%E6%9D%A5%E6%9C%80%E9%AB%98%E6%B0%B4%E5%87%86 
Asian Investment Bank President: RMB cannot replace the US dollar 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T00:06:01-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T00:06:01-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Asian Investment President Jin Liqun information. Reuters information.
According to the Hong Kong Ming Daily, the opening of Macau Beyond International Science and Technology Innovation Expo opened, and the executive vice chairman of Alibaba's board of directors Cai Chongxin asked the Asian Investment Bank President Jin Liqun in the guest exchange session. When will the US dollar's position in international commerce be replaced by other currencies? Golden Liqun replied that the importance of the US dollar will change, but it is still international reserve currency. Although the importance of the renminbi increases, "replacement" means that the US dollar is completely withdrawn, "this is impossible."
The Ming Pao reported that Cai Chongxin also said that Russia, which has a smaller US sanctions economy, is relatively easy, but sanctioning China is equivalent to the US dollar "self-decise".
According to the Central News Agency's comprehensive Ming Pao and Phoenix.com technology reports, Golden Liqun emphasized that unless the entire United States bankruptcy, the US dollar will be "destroyed". Work closely with other currencies to maintain international trade and investment order. "
Editor Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/st1-05102023234639.html 
The Japanese Foreign Minister confirmed to discuss with NATO offices to open offices in Japan 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T02:00:00Z
Description: Earlier, Japanese media revealed that NATO may open offices in Tokyo and is expected to start next year. China criticized this move as "eastward Asia -Pacific and intervention regional affairs." What are the latest progress now? What is the significance of establishing a NATO office in Japan?
Videos: []
Images: [" 64567580_303.jpg ", " 65348404_401.jpg ", " 65541558_401.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '日本', '北大西洋公约组织']
Keywords: ['日本', '北约', '办事处', 'G7峰会', '岸田文雄']
Id: 65582973
 In January 2023, Japanese Prime Minister Kishida (right) met with NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg in Tokyo.
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) Japanese Foreign Minister Lin Fangzheng confirmed in an interview with the United States Cable Television News (CNN) on Wednesday (May 10) confirmed that [] Essence On the 9th, the Japanese ambassador to the United States also told Reuters that Japan is actively fighting for the establishment of a NATO office in Tokyo.
Lin Fangzheng said, "We are already discussing, but we have not finally determined the details," saying this will be the first office of NATO in Asia. He said that the need to set up the NATO office is based on the national security considerations, because the impact of the Russian and Ukraine War has far exceeded the European border, forcing Japan to redefine regional security issues.
Lin Fang was saying to CNN: "The world (already) has become more unstable. What happened in Eastern Europe was not just a problem in Eastern Europe, but directly affecting the situation in the Pacific region. This is why we are between East Asia and NATO Cooperation has become more and more important. "
Japan is not a member of NATO, but Lin Fangzheng emphasized that the move issued an important signal that NATO's allies in Asia -Pacific are cooperating with it in a "very stable way".
In January this year, , Talking about the Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Takino Talking about the Russia -Ukraine War and China ’s increasingly strong military power, and promised to strengthen bilateral contact interaction.
For Lin Fangzheng's speech, NATO had not responded to CNN's comment request before the draft. Earlier this month, "Nikkei Asia" first quoted anonymous NATO and Japanese officials, reporting the plan to open a office in NATO in Japan, but NATO has not confirmed the report so far. Details of matters that alliances are reviewing. "
Reuters reported that on a event in Washington on the 9th, Tomota Haojie revealed that opening the NATO office in Japan is "one of the ways to strengthen the partnership" and "we are working in this direction", but emphasized No "final confirmation" is not received.
China: High Alert 
"Nikkei Asia" quoted anonymous news on the 3rd that NATO's office in Japan will be opened in 2024. According to the analysis, NATO already has similar offices in Ukraine and Vienna. If it is based on Japan, NATO will be able to with the Pacific partners such as South Korea, Australia and New Zealand, [] [] Essence
After the report was released, China proposed a strong opposition, saying that in the face of NATO's "east expansion", it needs "highly vigilant".
 In April 2023, the seven major industrial group (G7) Foreign Minister meeting opened in Japan
"Asia is a peaceful and stable highland and hot land developed, and it should not be a corner fighting field for geopolitical competition," said on the 4th, spokesman for Chinese Foreign Ministry, "NATO continues to enter Asia -Pacific eastward and intervene in regional affairs. Push the camp confrontation. "
After Lin Fang was confirming that Japan was discussing the establishment of the office with NATO, he tried to dilute the move that might have been to intensify the tension. She told CNN: "We have not offended anyone. We are protecting ourselves from any form of interference and concerns, and (regional) threats that occur in some cases."
G7 Summit will appear on Hiroshima 
The Leader Summit of the Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) this year will be held in Hiroshima, Japan from May 19th to 21st. The leaders of the United States and the European Union attended the meeting together.
Reuters reports that Tomota is called second that the meeting will seek more consistent attitudes to NATO on China.
The United States "Time" reported on the 9th that Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Wenxiong, who is about to appear on the cover of the next issue of its magazine, also hopes to use the G7 summit hosted by the atomic bomb during World War II -the G7 summit to persuade "The most powerful democratic country in the world", only collective determination can face the dictatorship of the increasingly warless Russia, China and North Korea.
The report pointed out that Kishida has completely changed the diplomatic relationship of this East Asian country: including the historical resentment with South Korea, strengthening security alliances with the United States and other countries, and increasing national defense expenses by more than 50%. On the other side of the field, the Russian and Ukraine War was a bell, "trying to unilaterally change the status quo with force, no matter where it happened in the world, it is not allowed."
The challenges faced by Japan at this stage include disputes with Russia in land and maritime territory, threats from North Korea, and China that may start in Taiwan. In August last year, Beijing held a military exercise for the former US House of Representatives NancyPelosi to visit Taiwan. At that time, five missiles fell into the waters of the Japanese exclusive economic zone.
Kishida also reiterated the importance of the Taiwan Strait's peace in an interview with the Nikkei Asia on the 10th, saying that it was not only important to Japan, but also for Japan. He said: "Our position has always been, the Taiwan issue should be solved peacefully through dialogue. I believe that the Seven Kingdoms Group is consistent in this respect (its position)."
 Japanese and Korean leaders try to try to repair the historical grievances of the long -term existence of both sides.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/日外相證實-與北約商討在日開設辦事處/a-65582973?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The pillar of seizure of Guo Yan was approved by the Hong Kong Security Director to refute WSJ 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T03:07:00Z
Description: The Hong Kong Police National Security Department recently detained the June 4th commemorative art "Pillar of Guo Yan". The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) commented article questioned the Hong Kong police "without legitimate procedures". What did he say in the letter?
Videos: []
Images: [" 60596382_303.jpg ", " 17665126_303.jpg ", " 17665121_303.jpg ", " 17665116_303.jpg ", " 17665114_303.jpg ", " 17665119_303.jpg ", " 17665125_303.jpg ", " 17665118_303.jpg ", " 17665123_303.jpg ", " 17665133_303.jpg ", " 17665135_303.jpg ", " 17665139_303.jpg ", " 17665143_303.jpg ", " 54718487_303.jpg ", " 18496835_303.jpg ", " 16868819_303.jpg ", " 49058113_303.jpg ", " 53687868_303.jpg ", " 48500325_303.jpg ", " 49052039_303.jpg ", " 53683634_303.jpg ", " 53683618_303.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['天安门', '六四事件', '专题报道：六四30周年']
Keywords: ['天安门', '香港民主运动', '国安法', '维园烛光晚会', '六四']
Id: 65582981
 "The Pillar of Guo Yan" has been publicly displayed at the University of Hong Kong (data photo) at the University of Hong Kong until 2021.
(Voice of Germany in Chinese) On the 34th anniversary of the Annmen incident in the June 4th day, the Hong Kong police recently took away the artwork "Pillar of Guo Yan", which commemorated the incident. Deng Bingqiang, director of the Hong Kong Security Bureau, sent a letter on the 10th to refute the Wall Street Journal of the Wall Street Journal, which refuted the content of "no basis" and "serious misleading readers."
The Wall Street Journal published an English review article on Monday (May 8) published an English review article with "subversive art in Hong Kong is a crime" (the title of the newspaper in the Chinese website is "Hong Kong police seized the June 4th commemorative sculpture" Guoshangzi Zhizhi Zhizhi Zhi Zhi Zhi Zhizhi In the case of "without legitimate procedures" on the 5th, the Hong Kong police seized the huge artwork stored in the University of Hong Kong, and questioned the improper procedure.
The report states that "the pillar of the country" and , Reflect " of".
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Democratic Goddess 
Under Tiananmen Morning Daxi, the protesters used plastic foam and gypsum to set up a democratic goddess about 10 meters high on the metal bracket. The goddess location is facing the statue of Mao Zedong on the building of Tiananmen City. In the early morning of June 4, soldiers used tanks and armed vehicles to push the statue.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Singing female police officer 
Before the Chinese government suppressed, the situation was tense, but citizens often sent things to soldiers and police. Sometimes, the entry into the city will sing patriotic songs with the demonstrators. The policewoman in the picture was singing on Tiananmen Square, and a few days later, the army entered, and the democratic movement was suppressed by force.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
struggle 
On June 3, 1989, a day before the June 4th suppression, a woman was sandwiched among the democratic demonstrators and the army near the Great Hall of the People. In the midnight of the day, the 38th Army fired to the non -incompetent people, and finally seized Tiananmen Square, which was occupied by the demonstrators for weeks.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
The weapon seized 
One day before the suppression, thousands of demonstrators were around a bus, and a weapon seized on the top of the car. After the government announced martial law, the soldiers and demonstrations had a subtle relationship. The demonstrators sometimes send gifts to the soldiers to condolences, and the troops have temporarily retired.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Fight for democracy 
In the middle of the night on June 3, a armored carrier car just broke through the roadblocks built by the demonstrator and were surrounded by the demonstrators in front of the party's party. At the same time, martial arts soldiers not far away are preparing to fire the demonstrators.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Burning soldiers 
On the evening of June 3, the demonstrators ignited a armored carrier on the Chang'an Street in Tiananmen. This is the last photo taken by photographer Jeffwidner that night. Soon after that, he was accidentally hit by a brick thrown by the demonstrator. Although suffering strenuous brain shocks, because the camera in the hand offset most of the impact, Wednel escaped the robbery and was not in danger of life.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
suppression 
On June 4, the first day after the democratic movement led by the student was bloody, a truck loaded with a soldier patrolled on the Changan Street in front of the Beijing Hotel. On the same day, a soldier similar to a truck fired at the tourists standing in the lobby of the Beijing Hotel.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
"Tank Man" 
On June 4, a lonely man holding a shopping bag stood in the middle of Changan Street, trying to block the way of tank formation. Twenty -five years later, this person's final fate is still unknown. This scene has become one of the most symbolic images of the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
dead hero 
On June 5th, a group of people showed a picture of a local native place on Chang'an Street. The deceased on the screen was allegedly a demonstrator who shot shot in the process of seizing Tiananmen Square. The huge wound on the deceased showed that soldiers used Dam. Amnesty International Organization believes that at least 300 civilians were killed.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Clean 
After the army suppressed the democratic movement, two women were cleaning the square, and behind them were a bicycle that had been burned. In the protest movement, several cars and military vehicles were burned, and some soldiers died or injured.
* #
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Defense Mao Zedong 
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
brother side by side 
In late May 1989, the Associated Press Photography reporter Weiderne (left) and Chinese photographer Liu Xiangcheng took a picture in front of the Forbidden City. At that time, they may not expect that a few days later, the Chinese government used force to suppress the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
Author: jeff widner/Shi Tao
According to a copy announced on the 10th of the Hong Kong Government's official website, Deng Bingqiang, director of the Security Bureau, wrote a letter to the Wall Street Journal in English. Deng Bingqiang said that on the 5th, the Security Bureau held a court order to inspect a case involving the "National Security Law" "inciting subversion of the state power" case and quickly issued the relevant release on the same day.
He said that Hong Kong law enforcement agencies have the responsibility to "rides the law" of illegal behaviors and objects. The allegations of procedures are not a fact; he also criticized the report that the "criminal investigation case" only involved "objection", also known as the "evidence" of the case as "artwork", which was completely misleading.
The Wall Street Journal has not responded to Reuters' comment requests.
Essence He said that the sculpture has been displayed in Hong Kong for many years. At this time, the Hong Kong authorities "regarded this sculpture as evidence that it was unfavorable for democratic movements."
* #
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
One anniversary commemorative 
On June 4, 1990, the people of Hong Kong took the streets for the first time to commemorate the first anniversary of the Tiananmen Massacre. From this year, the Hong Kong Federation will organize large -scale mourning activities each year. As the democratic movement in 1989 was a taboo topic in mainland China, Hong Kong gradually became the center of various types of memories related to June 4th.
* #
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 

Since 1990, on the evening of June 4, the Victoria Park in Hong Kong has held a candlelight party to mourn the June 4th death and express freedom of democracy. The number of participants is tens of thousands, as many as 100,000 people (according to the number of the organization's branch association, generally higher than the public announced the number), it is the world's largest June 4th commemorative event. (2015 information picture)
* #
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
The old man of Tiananmen 
In 2013, the Taipei people held a candlelight party to commemorate June 4th and support the Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo in the prison. Liu Xiaobo is one of the representatives of the 89 Democratic movement, and together with Zhou Ru, Gao Xin, and Hou Dejian, he became "the four gentlemen of Tiananmen".
* #
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Taipei 
On the 30th anniversary of June 4th, Taipei held a special commemorative event. Earlier, the inflatable "tank man" art device was built by Taiwanese artist Shake in front of the Taipei Zhongzheng Memorial Hall. Democrats such as Wang Dan and Zhou Fengsuo who experienced June 4th attended the present.
* #
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Three places on both sides of the strait 
Taiwan's June 4th commemorative activities are far less than Hong Kong in scale and history, but in recent years, they have received more attention. In 2020, despite the impact of the epidemic, more than 3,000 people still participated in the candlelight mourning party in Taipei. As Hong Kong and Macau banned the June 4 rally on the grounds of prevention of epidemic prevention this year, Taiwan became the only place for three places on both sides of the strait to commemorate June 4th.
* #
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
June 4th Memorial Hall 
The June Fourth Memorial Hall of Hong Kong has been temporarily located in Jiulong since 2012, and has moved to urban universities and Tsim Sha Tsui. It has been repeatedly settled during the new hall site and was forced to close it many times. In 2018, the Branch Federation will purchase real estate in Mong Kok as the new site, and re -opened the museum in April 2019. After the renovation of the rest of the museum in April 2021, it was reopened at the end of May, but after a few days, it was closed again by the authorities on the grounds of "incomplete licenses".
* #
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
殇 殇 
On the 30th anniversary of the June 4th of 2019, the work of Hong Kong college students cleaning Danish artist JensgalSchiøt "Pillar of Guo Yan". It has been exhibited at various universities in Hong Kong and is now standing on the Huangke Running platform of the University of Hong Kong. Traditionally, the branch association sends people to wash the sculpture on the eve of June 4th every year.
* #
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Rebellion under the epidemic 
In 2020 under the new crown epidemic, the authorities have not approved the June 4th rally for the first time in 31 years due to epidemic prevention and restrictions. However, tens of thousands of Hong Kong people still came to Victoria Park to burn the candle.
* #
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
again banned again 
In 2021, the Hong Kong authorities banned the June 4th Memorial Party again. After the Hong Kong National Security Law came into effect a year ago, the space and free space for Hong Kong society were further squeezed. At the same time, Macau's folk June 4th commemorative activities have been banned for the second consecutive year.
From standing to sealed, from sealed to seizure 
The "Pillar of Guo Yan" created by Gao Zhihuo depicts dozens of tear and distorted corpses to commemorate the protesters who were killed in the suppression of the Tiananmen incident in 1989. The first exhibition was exhibited in the Tiananmen Square Memorial in Hong Kong in 1997. Since then, it has been publicly displayed at the University of Hong Kong. This 8 -meter -high and two -ton "pillar of the country" is one of the important symbols of the Hong Kong democratic movement.
Hong Kong University said in 2021 that the school decided to Since then, the artwork has been sealed in a container in all land of the school.
"Hong Kong 01" reported in February this year that Gao Zhihuo said that he had repeatedly negotiated with the school many times, considering taking legal action and retrieved the "pillar of the country". The Wall Street Journal reported that he felt that he tried to retrieve the art of the art, and learned that the police had seized it on the 5th.
Before the implementation of the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District", Hong Kong is held every year Essence However, since 2020, Hong Kong police have banned relevant commemorative activities on the grounds of epidemic restrictions. The seizure of the "Pillar of Guo Yan" happened a few weeks before June 4th, which caused public opinion speculation.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/烛光有罪香港民众发挥创意悼六四/a-57767905)Further move.
No comments No Comments Enter Taipei to commemorate the 33rd anniversary of the 64th anniversary 
("Wall Street Journal", Reuters, Hong Kong Security Bureau, "Hong Kong 01", etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/扣押國殤之柱遭批-香港保安局長致函駁斥wsj/a-65582981?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
After three years of epidemic, restarted Xiong'an Construction Xi Jinping to go to Xiong'an to revive the economy 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T03:28:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:57:05-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
 Xiong'an New District's street view in April 2023. AP data photo Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, led the Prime Minister Li Qiang and other senior officials to inspect the Prime Minister Li Qiang on Wednesday (10th) to restart the construction of Xiong'an New District. Some scholars said that Xi Jinping intends to inject strong hearts into the weakened Chinese economy by affirming the construction of Xiong'an.

 On May 10, 2023, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, led the prime minister Li Qiang and other senior officials to inspect Xiong'an New District. (Video screenshot/cctv) When inspecting the Xiong'an New District of Hebei Province, Xi Jinping said that practice has proved that the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China is completely correct for the major decision -making of the Xiong'an New District, and the work in all aspects is solid and effective.
This year is the sixth year of the establishment of Xiong'an New District in Hebei. During the three -year epidemic sealing period, the Xiong'an Construction Project was almost paused. Wu Qiang, an independent commentator from Beijing, believes that Xi Jinping led the four Standing Committee of the Politburo to the Xiong'an New District for inspection. In particular, the Prime Minister of the State Council went to Xiong'an New District for the first time, and its specifications were high. He said to this station: "Such a high specification reflects Beijing's project to re -start Xiong'an project. At this time, it is very interesting. On the one hand, under the end of the epidemic, all aspects of China are recovering and restarting. Inspenant, try to restart the Xiong'an project. "
In late January this year, videos uploaded by netizens showed that weeds on the largest Xiong'an Station in Asia are overgrown. The Xiong'an Railway Station has only a few rounds of trains to and from Beijing a day. This scene aroused heated discussion among netizens. But recently the grass on the square has been removed.
The epidemic for three years of the Xiong'an project is almost stopped now and restarts 
Scholar Wu Qiang said that in the past three years, the Xiong'an construction project is relatively cold and calm, attracting folk ridicule. However, this time Xi Jin and the four Politburo Standing Committee members arrived in Xiong'an, hoping to reorganize the economy: "Try to re -use Xiong'an as a starting point, under the poor scene of domestic policies in China, facing the risk conversion of the Great Depression, the risk conversion of the Great Depression. In the same way, trying to show a certain confidence in Beijing with Xiong'an. This is the authority of the two maintenances of 'two maintenances. "
The Xiong'an New District, which began to build in 2017, has so far impressed a modern empty city. On the Douyin platform, there are far more urban buildings released by netizens than people. After the epidemic, pedestrians are still scarce and have a stall. A local video photographer said: "Why does Xiong'an New District, which has been built for six years, becomes an empty city? The empty city is used to describe the current Xiong'an New District. Why is the Xiong'an New District built so well, but there is no one inside, just like an empty city ... "
Xiong'an residents: There are too many houses, not so many people live 
Another Xiong'an resident said that rents in the area are declining: "The real reason for the decline in resettlement rents in Xiong'an New District is actually the relationship between supply and demand. Many citizens of Xiong'an are divided into three houses. Now they want to rent out. But there are not so many people who really want to rent a house. "
Regarding the unable to attract foreign talents in Xiong'an New District, Zhang Jianping, a commentator from Yixing current affairs in Jiangsu, told this station: "At that time, the Xiong'an New District was said to build it into a deputy capital. , I encountered an epidemic again. Later, I also said that Xiong'an New District is a provincial development zone, saying that it is necessary to build a smart city. Now the country is building a smart city without attractiveness, unless you move the Zhongnanhai over. "
Investment in 800 billion yuan is still empty city 
Xiong'an New District is the 19th National New District of China, and is also the first national new district that was notified by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council. According to the latest official data, as of the end of November last year, the Xiong'an New District has implemented a total of 240 key projects, with a total investment of over 800 billion yuan, and a cumulative investment of more than 490 billion yuan.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Xu Shuting Jiayuan Network Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/gt-05112023032743.html 
"15 Years of Wenchuan Earthquake" (Part 1): Parents of students who are killed in the road of lamenting rights protection are long 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T05:15:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:56:25-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png ", " 000003.png ", " 000004.png "]
 Zhou Xingrong went to Beijing early this year to petition Zhou Xingrong provides May 12th is the 15th anniversary of the Wenchuan Earthquake in Sichuan. Many parents of children who have been killed by the tofu dregs project have insisted on defending their rights to ask their children for many years. When these parents arrived in Beijing at the beginning of the year, they were discharged from the government with violence. They lamented that petitions were difficult, but they would not give up.
The 14th anniversary of the Wenchuan Earthquake, the parents of the students who were killed, the parents of the students who were not afraid of suppressing insist on holding the responsibility of the bean dregs school building The 13th anniversary of the Wenchuan earthquake, the family members of the victims are resolutely pursued **** "Pig Strong" dying to hold the national god wounded tofu residue project undead to ask **** Wenchuan rebuild "great victory"? The outside world questioned corruption Public Security Department Fengjiyuan Middle School forbidden to interview the government's pension 32,200 Dujiangyan Jiyuan Middle School is the hardest hit area for students of the "512" earthquake. The entire teaching building collapsed, causing more than 200 teachers and students to be buried alive, including Lu Qianliang, who was 15 and a half years old at the age of 15. Zhou Xingrong, who lost his son, also embarked on the road of rights protection for 15 years.
 The picture shows the Jiyuan Middle School of Dujiangyan City, Sichuan was razed to the ground in the earthquake, but the nearby buildings did not fall.(AFP) ** Parents of Parents who were killed by Sichuan Zhen Tofu Studies insisted on defending their rights in Beijing.
Zhou Xingrong visited this station. She said that she has not been able to get out of the haze of the bereavement so far. She has insisted on petitions more than a hundred times for many years. She wants to discuss the way for her son and herself, but the official has not accepted it. She has repeatedly petitioned. Shortly after the epidemic control was lifted in February this year, she and another victim's parents were tried to petition in Beijing.
Zhou Xingrong: "I and another parent of Jiyuan Middle School. After arriving in Beijing, I dare not rent a hotel that requires ID cards. After 6 o'clock the next morning, we want to go out early to do things. As a result, we go out. Before I had time to respond, there were 4 or 5 accents in Beijing and Hebei. They controlled me, caught another parent, forcibly threw us into the car, grab our backpack, and my small bag. The strap is the iron chain, it was all off, we grabbed our mobile phone, and then took our ID card. I said what law did we violate. There was a big man. He said that we were from the Public Security Bureau. I don't let me talk, I also say that I need to seal my mouth with a tape. "
Zhou Xingrong described that the plan to appeal in Beijing this time failed and could not go to the Letters and Calls Bureau. He could only take a photo at the Shijiazhuang High -speed Railway Station to leave some evidence for his efforts.
 周兴蓉的维权计划因被强行驱离而失败，只能在高铁站拍照留证明。(受访者提供).jpg Zhou Xingrong: "Because we only have two people, we are in a weakness, I want to report to 110, there is no mobile phone, there is nothing, how can we report? Then the parents of our accompany call me. Falling on their hands, there is no ability to fight, and there is no ability to resist. 'Then, the people of the Government of Juyuan Town, the Dujiangyan, got on the car and pulled us directly to Shijiazhuang. After getting on the train, I asked to take a photo of Shijiazhuang Station. At that time, they gave me the phone. I want to remember to leave a evidence. "
Zhou Xingrong: The failure of the son of Jingwei for his son also loses personal freedom. 
She said that since her son was killed, she had tried different methods to ask for justice. She wrote to the Political and Legal Commission, the Supreme People's Court and the People's Procuratorate. All the letters had no echo. , Unable to recover justice, and lose personal freedom.Zhou Xingrong: "People of the local government, everyone knows, they all told us not to go. The matter came back to deal with and solve it, but when I came back, there was nothing to say and did not solve it. Then it was to control your personal freedom, that is, not let you go out. A few days ago, I wanted to go out to disperse, and Chongqing would not let me go. "
In 15 years, Zhou Xingrong was so difficult to defend the right of rights, but she emphasized that no matter how difficult it is.
Zhou Xingrong: "What I want is to admit that it was the tofu residue project that year. At the beginning, it was promised to hold accountable, but so far, there is no accountable for 15 years. It is too difficult for 15 years to be too difficult!No chance is not equal to me. To fight, they are illegal. The tofu residue project here does not investigate. They have done illegal discipline. They do not give me a personal injury to me, and family injuries and physical injuries. I am still insisting, they do n’t give me a statement, I will always persist, I wo n’t give up. ”
He has repeatedly had a different experience with Zhou Xingrong for his son Sang Xingpeng's power.
 Sang Jun said that he would not forget his son who was killed, but he did not want to be forced to give up because of his influence on the influence of rights. (Provided by the respondent) [] Sang Jun: "At that time, Wen Jiabao said that he would trace illegal construction, and told us to go home and wait for the news. After 15 years, he has changed 3 Prime Ministers. Saying. I have been there in Beijing, and I still told us to return to the place to solve it, so we now say that we have to give up because it is too difficult to defend rights and it is too difficult. "
Parents of students who are killed: Worried about being fascinated by the after -autumn account and the next generation has given up rights protection 
Sang Jun acknowledged that he was unwilling, but was worried that it would affect the future of another son. It was the main reason for his abandonment of rights protection.
Sang Jun: "For dolls, I have been caught 6 or 7 times, pulled to the police station, and detained. At that time, I added me to the blacklist. But my other child was very good. It will affect the children's future work. They (people in the government) say this, because the Chinese government will calculate the account after the fall, and all three generations must be checked. I can only give up. To be honest, they want to defend their rights This child does not want to take risks, but can only mourn. "
Sang Jun said that many rich and new parents have the same worry and dare not to express their demands on the street, but they insist on mourning the students outside the municipal government every 512 afternoon.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Xu Shuting Jiayuan Network Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/ec-05112023051522.html 
Mocure the reform of the Hong Kong District Council Election Reform will stop the comics of Zunzi 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T06:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T06:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 10th) Hong Kong's most famous political cartoonist Zunzi and directly known sources today said that after Zunzi's ridicule of the district council reform plan was criticized by government agencies, "Ming Pao" will be self -contained. Starting serial comics from the 14th.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Huang Jijun, a cartoonist who uses the pseudonym "Zunzi", has published ironic comics on Hong Kong current affairs and public policies since 1983 in the Hong Kong mainstream Chinese newspaper "Ming Pao".
He published a 3 -grid comic on the 9th, depicting a man told a woman, "As long as the chief is suitable", he can appoint the Fireproof Crime Committee.
One week before this comic, Hong Kong announced that it would significantly reduce the direct election of the district council, which was actually destroying Hong Kong's final democratic agency.
After Huang Jijun's serial comics were published, Mai Meijuan, the director of the Hong Kong Civil Affairs and Youth Affairs Bureau, was immediately condemned, saying that the comic "distorted" and "violated the media morality".
Huang Jijun told AFP today that Ming Pao will no longer publish his comics. He said: "Comics are just a medium. Everyone should do what he should do and what we can do."
Sources who are directly informed told AFP that Huang Jijun's comics will be suspended from the 14th. It is unclear whether the comic stop serialization is indefinite.
This is not the first time that Huang Jijun has been criticized by the government. His previous works have angered at least 5 government departments, including police offices and security bureaus with great power. More than 20 years ago, his work was banned in Macau and Singapore.
In recent years, due to the incitement of the activation of the colonial era in the Hong Kong authorities, and the implementation of the National Security Law after the protest of the protests in Hong Kong in Hong Kong in 2020, the publication and publication of politics in Hong Kong can easily cause legal risks.
Ming Pao was the last mainstream media in Hong Kong that continued to publish Huang Jijun's comics after the "Apple Daily" was forced to close in 2021. Apple Daily was founded by the Pan -Democratic Media Tycoon Li Zhiying.
The irony news program "Headliner" also horses. In 2020, it was ruled by the Hong Kong Communications Administration. A episode of the show involved slander and humiliation police and was suspended for more than 30 years on Radio Hong Kong.
When Huang Jijun was interviewed, he told the AFP that "jokes can be very dangerous. The power of power wants the masses to believe that they can only follow them, and the jokes can just be in the middle to expose the lies and pull the person to step down."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E5%98%B2%E8%AE%BD%E9%A6%99%E6%B8%AF%E5%8C%BA%E8%AE%AE%E4%BC%9A%E9%80%89%E4%B8%BE%E6%94%B9%E9%9D%A9%E6%8C%A8%E6%89%B9-%E6%98%8E%E6%8A%A5%E5%B0%86%E5%81%9C%E8%BD%BD%E5%B0%8A%E5%AD%90%E6%BC%AB%E7%94%BB 
Qin Gang, Foreign Minister of France: Support Europe to strengthen strategic autonomy 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T06:43:00Z
Description: After meeting the German Foreign Minister, Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang came to Paris, the second stop of the trip to Europe. What did he talk to French Foreign Minister Cologne? The French party once again called on China to play a role and play the role of a "peaceful messenger" between Russia and Ukraine.
Videos: []
Images: [" 65583426_303.jpg ", " 65513753_401.... "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['中法关系', '中欧关系', '马克龙', '秦刚', '卢沙野']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65583307
 On May 10, Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang (left) went to Paris to meet with French Foreign Minister Coronner (right), and the two sides exchanged opinions on security issues in Ukraine and other regions.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) On Wednesday (May 10), I met French Foreign Minister CatherineColonna in Paris. France emphasized that in the process of seeking to mediate the Russia -Ukraine War, China can play an important role in "global peace and stability".
According to Agence France -Presse, Cologne told Qin Gang at the beginning of the meeting: "We know the importance of China on the world stage and the importance of Chinese characters in promoting global peace and stability." She calls on China to work hard to persuade Russia to "return back To fully respect the track of the UN Charter. "
After the China Ministry of Foreign Affairs was released on the 11th, the press release pointed out that Cologne said that France's wish has strengthened communication with China on major international regions such as Ukraine to find more things in common; Political solutions to the crisis "plan, and are willing to" maintain communication "and" continue to play a constructive role for this. "
At the same time, Qin Gang reiterated the starting point of China ’s viewing and dealing with the Ukrainian issue, Including the sovereignty and territorial integrity of various countries; the purpose and principles of the United Nations Charter should be complied with; they should pay attention to the reasonable and safe concerns of various countries; they should support all efforts that are conducive to the resolution of crisis peacefully.
 Before the meeting with Qin Gang, French Foreign Minister Cologne called Beijing at the cabinet meeting to urge Russia to "return to peace."
Reuters reported that Qin Gang also called on France at talks with French Foreign Ministers to increase the degree of opening up with the market with China to create a "more tough Sino -French supply chain." He emphasized that China supports Europe's "strengthening strategic autonomy", and advocates that China -Europe relations that "not target, do not attach, and are not subject to third parties".
Cologne said that he is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the fields of climate change, biodiversity, energy transformation and other fields, and discuss security issues in other regions, including North Korea's recent launch of a series of missiles. Qin Gang should think about how to "unite and deal with" the situation and work with the international community to "work hard for the stability of the peninsula and region."
Can China be the Russian mediation person? 
Previously, Cologne said at a French cabinet meeting that Beijing should urge Russia to "return to peace." She said: "It is necessary for China to take advantage of its relationship with Russia to make Russia more clearly understand that it is in a deadlock, and tells Russia to restore reason."
In April, when French President Emmanuel Macron visited China, he said, Essence At the same time, he also said that Europe should not become Washington's "followers", nor should they fall into any conflict about Taiwan.
At that time, Macron's speech caused widespread controversy, which also caused criticism from many French allies. Among them, German Defense Minister Borispistorius said he "unfortunately" hearing these words and emphasized: "We have never become a danger to become a vassal of the United States."
Agence France -Presse analyzed on the 10th that China has always tried to depict itself as a central cube of the Russian and Ukraine War, including the document issued by the Ukrainian war position; Xi Jinping also speaks with the Ukrainian President Volodyrzlenskyy at the end of April. However, The Chinese position was questioned again.
Before Qin Gang visited France, he met with Germany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock on the 9th, and he also conducted a fierce discussion on the Ukrainian issue. 
In response to the dispute, Macron emphasized that the position of Taiwan is unchanged 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/會晤法外長-秦剛：支持歐洲加強戰略自主/a-65583307?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The scandal is involved in the federal criminal prosecution 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T07:07
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T07:58
Description: The United States Republican and Representative George Santos vowed to confront the charges against fraud, money laundering and theft of public funds. Comprehensive Reuters and Xinhua News Agency reported that Wednesday (...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '共和党', '诈骗', '造假', '国会议员']
The United States Republican and Representative George Santos vowed to confront the charges against fraud, money laundering and theft of public funds. He refused to be [] Resign.
Comprehensive Reuters and Xinhua News Agency reported that the prosecution of the Court of Federal District Court of East District, New York, USA showed that Santos was prosecuted by federal criminal prosecution. The indictment lists 13 federal criminal charges for Santos, including telecommunications fraud, money laundering, stolen public funds, and false statements to the House of Representatives.
Santos said in court in court in the Central Isllip court in New York, and said, "This is a witch hunting operation." This echoed the claims often proposed by former President Trump.
Santos then said, "I will fight me. I will do it. I will fight against witch hunting. I will wash my reputation, and I look forward to this."
Santos is 34 years old and is a Republican, in November 2022 He was elected Federal MP in New York State. In the past six months, Santos has been faked in succession, suspected of violating campaign funds, fraud, etc. Under the pressure of all parties, Santos acknowledged that his resume was fraud, but denied criminal acts and repeatedly reiterated that he would not resign. In April this year, Santos announced that he would be re -elected as a member of the United States Congress.
With 222's weak advantages of 213, the House of Republican Republican officials said that they will wait for the development of legal procedures, and then take further actions against Santos who do not plead guilty. Santos was released on bail for $ 500,000 (about S $ 660,000) and will appear again on June 30. This means that he can return to Washington and vote in Congress. As a condition for bail, he agreed to hand over passports and restrict travel.
The Moral Council of the House of Representatives began investigating Santos in March this March to determine whether Santos was engaged in illegal activities during the 2022 campaign of members of the Congress and whether it was not disclosed in the documents submitted to the House of Representatives.
So far, nine Republicans of the House of Representatives have called on Santos to resign, including six Republicans from New York State in his hometown. But the Second Republican Republican StevesCalise said the party did not judge Santos for the time being.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393335 
A magnitude 5.4 earthquake in Japan has no tsunami risk 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T07:09
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T07:18
Description: A magnitude 5.4 earthquake occurred at 4:16 am in the south of Chiba Prefecture in Japan (May 11th) at 4:16 am (Singapore time at 3:16 am). The Japanese Meteorological Agency said that the earthquake would not cause tsunami. According to data from the Japanese Meteorological Agency, this earthquake is located at 35.2 degrees north latitude, East Meridian ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '地震']
A magnitude 5.4 earthquake occurred at 4:16 am in the south of Chiba Prefecture in Japan (May 11th) at 4:16 am (Singapore time at 3:16 am). The Japanese Meteorological Agency said that the earthquake would not cause tsunami.
According to data from the Japanese Meteorological Agency, this earthquake is located at 35.2 degrees north latitude and 140.2 degrees east longitude, and the depth of the earthquake is 40 kilometers. The Japanese Meteorological Agency divides the earthquake intensity into 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 weakness, the top 5, 6 weak, the top 6, and 7 in total according to the body sensation and surrounding conditions. The largest earthquake level observed by Mujin in Chiba County of this earthquake reached the "top 5". Chiba Prefecture, Tokyo, and Kanagawa Prefecture have a strong sense of shock.
According to the Japanese Broadcasting Association Television Station, in response to this earthquake, the Japanese government has set up a "official residence liaison room" at the Crisis Management Center of the Prime Minister's official residence and is currently collecting the affected information.
Japan is located on the world's most active earthquake belt -the Pacific Earthquake Belt, which is also the world's most earthquake zone.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393336 
Australian Minister of Trade set off to visit 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T07:18:10+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T07:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 11th) Australian Minister of Trade flew to Beijing to visit in Beijing today. He stated that he pressured China and demanded cancellation of punitive tariffs on Australian export products.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Don Farrell, Minister of Trade in Australia, said that after years of trouble with China's economy and diplomatic relations, he had hope for "unimpeded" trade with this largest Australian trading partner.
In his statement, he said: "During the visit, I will advocate the full restoration of Australia's unimpeded exports to China, regardless of the industry." He added that this will benefit exporters and manufacturers of the two countries.
Farier said he would meet with the Chinese Minister of Commerce Wang Wentao.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230511-%E6%BE%B3%E6%B4%B2%E8%B4%B8%E6%98%93%E9%83%A8%E9%95%BF%E5%90%AF%E7%A8%8B%E8%AE%BF%E4%B8%AD 
The Baza conflict increased the two armies at least 22 days to die in 2 days 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T07:18:11+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T06:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presseng Autonomous Region Gaza City, 11th) The Israeli army and the Garza Corridor armed elements handed over the fire all night. At least 22 Palestinians were killed in two days.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Telaviv and southern Israel rang alert, warning that rockets were coming. Agence France -Presse reporter witnessed the Rockets launched from the Gasa Corridor. Israeli officials said that Egypt is working hard to mediate with the Palestinian armed group Islamic Territories (Islamicjihad) to make a ceasefire.
The Islamic jihad organization said that a military leader was killed in the attack before the Israeli Dawn.
The organization's armed branch "Al-QUDS BRIGADE" issued a statement saying, "Alighali, commander of the Rocket launcher force ... and other martyrs were assassinated in the south of the Gasa Corridor."
After Israel announced the launch of the target of the "Sacred City Travel", the thick smoke emerged from the densely populated Garza corridor.
Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Galland pointed out that more than 400 rockets fired last night. The Islamic jihad organization said that Palestine's "resistance forces" continued to fire.
Israeli officials said that a house and cars were attacked by rockets and cars in Ashkelon and Sderot in southern Israel. The army announced a series of new attacks on the blocked Garza Corridor.
The Palestinian Ministry of Health said 7 people were killed yesterday. One day before, Israel launched an attack on Palestinian territory, killing 15 people.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Network said last night that Israel was "still in battle" and "so far, no Israeli civilians were injured."
Since the establishment of Nitaniah and the government in December last year, the Pakistani conflict has been upgraded.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E4%BB%A5%E5%B7%B4%E5%86%B2%E7%AA%81%E5%8D%87%E9%AB%98-%E4%B8%A4%E5%86%9B%E4%BA%A4%E7%81%AB2%E5%A4%A9%E8%87%B3%E5%B0%9122%E6%AD%BB 
Visit comment: The necessary skills of Taiwanese politicians 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T07:41:00Z
Description: Guo Taiming, the founder of Hon Hai Group, who is actively fighting for the Kuomintang President's nomination, was criticized because of the stamping of Taiwanese in the event. It is not necessarily decided to decide whether the Taiwanese or other common languages are fluent in Taiwan. The item is very important.
Videos: []
Images: [" 63881278_303.jpg ", " 65369258_401.... "]
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['民主进步党', '台湾', '中国国民党']
Id: 65584045
 Guo Taiming, founder of Hon Hai Group, recently actively strived for the Kuomintang to nominate the 2024 Taiwan Presidential Election.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Trying to speak in Taiwanese at Kaohsiung's activity, he was said to be unintelligible at all, and even people who said his Taiwanese needed "translation"; from the perspective of the background and experience of origin, Taiwanese is not Guo Taiming's "mother tongue", or even It will not be his common language, so why can he be said to be a hard scalp or trying to speak in Taiwanese in the activity?
Some say that since Kaohsiung in the south, he may make the supporters present in the south feel more kind and closer to each other. All dialects in the inside can be said to be an indispensable skill for Taiwanese politicians. Each politician will use dialects depending on the current occasions and places, but the so -called use is not necessarily a high -challenge way to express, but if the opening is not mentioned, it is not mentioned in the opening game. If you come, you will make a big taboo.
So at the moment when the election and the candidate stand on the stage of the stage, say hello to the supporters, the national Taiwan language band is basically the "small case" in the Taiwanese population (a small dish), and it may also be possible. It is not sincere as sincerity, because although Taiwanese has the most population and most commonly used, there may be a group of speakers or aboriginal languages at the scene. Ask everyone. Among them, there may be different cavities. In Taiwanese, Changhua's cavity is very different from Tainan. Taoyuan's guest language is also very different from Pingtung. These have to be inquired and prepared in advance.
Taiwan has recently implemented "Mandarin Education" a long time ago. In theory, most people in theory can speak Mandarin, so speaking Taiwanese or guest language is not used to promote their own political opinions. In the early years of the only time to respect Mandarin Mandarin, when it was not strictly opened, Taiwan had a small -scale difference election at that time, but it clearly stipulated that the campaign could not appear "dialect". Most of the candidates at that time were "obedient". But a small number of "disobedient" candidates will test the bottom in violation of regulations.
After the democratization, there are no taboos, but there is no controversy, like that year Most of the campaign occasions are spoken Taiwanese, and they have been criticized as "changing soup without changing medicines", discrimination against other dialects, and "only the Mandarin" in the era of authoritarianism. The DPP's politicians have entered a multidget of multiple dialects from the single channels of Taiwanese. Since then Also in the use of language.
 In addition to "Mandarin" in public in public, Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen often uses Taiwanese or guest language to express her position. It is said that she has a blessing and native Taiwan.
Taiwan Election Linguistics 
Politicians in Taiwan have long been trained to switch freely in many languages, but as many new residents in Taiwan have become more and more, some politicians have begun to prepare for Hong Kong's Cantonese, Vietnamese, and Indonesian language. Some people may say that since immigration When you go to Taiwan, you should have a Mandarin to get the nationality and get the right to vote. Why do politicians accommodate new residents? There have been politicians that the factors that many voters decide to vote depends on the first impression, and the first impression comes from the same language you speak to them. When they hear the familiar language, they will feel assured that they will not only get closer, but they will not only get closer, The distance will also strengthen the sense of recognition of voters.
I will not be elected or not, but the voters may not have a good opinion or no impression on you. The chance of getting a voting will be small. One vote for democratic elections is one vote. Any candidate is not If you are willing to take this risk, even if you are elected, this is still very important. For example, Taoyuan City, although there are many population in Taiwanese, and the population of speaking is also from the mountains to the seaside. For the settlement of the island, the election officials also have public opinion representatives to say a few words to voters when they celebrate the New Year?
Many so -called "second -generation foreign provinces" born in Taiwan in 1950 and 1960 did not have too many opportunities to expose Taiwanese languages such as Taiwanese. They may be more contact with their parents' hometown. Living in a relatively closed village or most people in other provinces, Guo Taiming is the "second generation of the province" with this background. During the growth of that generation, Taiwanese and guest language were severely discriminated against. There are also the ridiculous era of "I don't speak dialect" on the neck. Therefore, many "second -generation foreign provinces" will not have the opportunity to contact languages other than Mandarin until the age of 20.
Those who can speak Taiwanese or guests probably do not deny that these language learning is not as difficult as learning a foreign language. The logical thinking and habits of language are very different from Mandarin. From this perspective, Guo Taiming may really be true. Not ready to speak in Taiwanese. As for whether it will affect his support, it is actually difficult to say. Of course, of course, I do n’t know if Guo Taiming avoids it in the future. It may be a difficult task, but at least he knows that he has tried it.
_ Janwick: The medical deserter born in Taiwan once lived in the United States and then went to the UK to work in the United Kingdom. He also studied the history of East Asia. He left Taiwan in the 1980s and returned to Taiwan to settle around the world. _ _ _ 吧 _
_ The Voice of Germany is committed to providing you with objective neutral news reports and showing a variety of angles of comments and analysis. Comment and analysis in the article only represent the author or expert's personal position. _ _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/客座評論：台灣政治人物的必要技能/a-65584045?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Trump: If the budget Republican party is not cut off, the Republicans should trigger debt defaults 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T08:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T07:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 10th) Former US President Trump today urged Republican Parliament to not agree with the Democrats of President Biden Biden to reduce expenses, they should refuse to raise the upper limit of US debt and trigger debt defaults.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Trump will compete for the 2024 presidential election and is the leading candidate in the Republican Party. He said on the on -site broadcast program on the CNN (CNN): "I want to tell the Republican members and Senators that if they do not agree with you to reduce the expenses, you must let the debt default."
The upper limit of the so -called debt -raising in the United States is often routine. However, last year's election won the majority of Republican concerns about the House of Representatives's concerns. It is said that only with the implementation of expenditure restrictions, it will increase the current upper limit of 31.4 trillion dollars.
But Trump said at the CNN "Symposium" that he felt that this situation was unlikely.
He said, "I don't think they will do this, because I think Democrats will definitely yield, because everyone does not want this kind of thing. But this is better than what we do now, because we spend too much money on drunk soldiers. It's on the body. "
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E5%B7%9D%E6%99%AE-%E8%8B%A5%E6%9C%AA%E7%A0%8D%E9%A2%84%E7%AE%97-%E5%85%B1%E5%92%8C%E5%85%9A%E4%BA%BA%E5%BA%94%E8%A7%A6%E5%8F%91%E5%80%BA%E5%8A%A1%E8%BF%9D%E7%BA%A6 
Sino -US defense ministers are expected to talk in June? Different tones on both sides 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T08:19:00Z
Description: Sino -US relations are difficult to warm up. It is reported that the United States intentionally promoted the meeting between the two countries' defense ministers in Singapore in June, but it was responded to "the possibility is very low." Experts pointed out that if China rejects the invitation of the United States, it may make the country around the country uneasy; and the American attitude is so positive, and it may also lose its diplomatic advantage. Why?
Videos: []
Images: [" 59244760_303.jpg ", " 65367112_401.jpg ", " 65401967_401.jpg ", " 64640006_302.jpg ", " 64640851_302.jpg ", " 64636821_302.jpg ", " 64639698_302.jpg ", " 64639569_302.jpg ", " 64639728_302.jpg ", " 64641001_302.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['专题报道：习近平访美', '南希·佩洛西']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '侦查气球', '香格里拉对话']
Id: 65584930
 The United States has repeatedly wanted to restart communication with China in the near future (information photo)
(Voice of Germany), Lloyd Austin, USA, hopes that in June, at the "The Shangri-Ladialogue" in Singapore, he met with the new Chinese defense minister Li Shangfu. The British "Financial Times" reported on Thursday (May 11) that China said that due to the US sanctions on the Minister, the possibility of the two countries' defense ministers was very low. This is Essence
In 2018, Li Shangfu, then general, has not yet served as the Minister of Defense of China, and Essence To this day, the United States stated that the sanctions did not hinder Austin meeting with Li Shangfu in a third country, but some anonymous people told the Financial Times that the Bayeng government did not intentionally cancel the sanctions. It's almost impossible.
The White House did not respond to the review request of the Financial Times.
 China Defense Minister Li Shangfu went to Moscow to talk to the Russian Defense Minister in April
The "Shangri -La Dialogue" is an annual security forum operated by the Internal Institute Institute for StrategicStudies, which often becomes a place where US -China defense officials meet. Essence
If Beijing accepts the proposal, this will be Sino -US relations due to February [] Since the frustration point, the highest -level face -to -face talks between the two sides.
After the balloon incident, General General Markmilley, Chairman of the Co -Chiefs of Staff of Austin and the Chief of Staff, has repeatedly requested calls with Chinese corresponding officials and has been rejected by the Chinese side. The high -level visit plans are also forced to cancel or postpone. Biden has repeatedly called on Sino -US relations to ease, and it has also been refuted by China as "no sincerity."
In this regard, the Pentagon stated that the United States hopes that "the Chinese military leaders such as the Chinese Defense Minister will maintain an open communication channel", but "it is China to decide to ignore, refuse or cancel a number of high -level communication requests in the United States."
The Chinese Embassy in the United States stated that the two countries are conducting "necessary communication." The embassy spokesman Liu Pengyu added that China and the United States "should not communicate for communication" and called on "the United States to take out sincerity ... to create the conditions and atmosphere required for communication with actual actions" can help Sino -US relations "return to the right track."
However, whether the talks that can be promoted to be studied have become an embarrassing situation for both China and the United States.
 US Defense Secretary Austin (Data Photo)
China refusal talks to cause surrounding countries to disturb 
"Financial Times" reported that Bonnieglaser, a Chinese expert in German Marshall Fund, said that the fierce competition in the United States and China, coupled with the lack of dialogue between the two countries, became more and more. Unhappy, if Austin and Li Shangfu each attended the "Shangri -La Dialogue" and the two had not held talks, these countries would be very "shocked".
Ge Laiyi said: "The question is, would they blame the United States or China? My feeling is that most countries in the region have understood that the United States has been seeking contact with China, but it is blocked."
Judeblanchette, an expert in CSIS Think Tank, believes that the dispute shows whether the relationship between Washington and Beijing can stabilize depends on "political interaction between the two sides." He said: "The longer Beijing does not meet with the United States, more European Asia will feel that China is stubborn."
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
Shooting 
A balloon in China fluttered over the United States for a few days. On February 4, the U.S. military shot down in the coastal waters of the South Carolina. The United States has accused China of using balloons for espionage. But China said that this is just an out of control meteorological balloon.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
search 
The shot of balloon fell into the sea a few miles away from the coast of South Carolina. The U.S. Navy and the Coast Guard positioned the areas where the balloon fell, and sent helicopters and ships to sort out the wreckage of balloons in the fall area.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
salvage 
It looks like fishermen are fishing a large jellyfish, but in fact, this is a group member of the US military who is responsible for dealing with explosives. This balloon has a diameter of about 61 meters, and the weight is equivalent to a small passenger aircraft.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
wreckage 
Due to the huge balloon size and uncertainty of its security, the United States eventually decided to shoot down at sea. The water depth of the balloon falling is about 15 meters. The U.S. military is trying to salvage more wreckage in order to more accurately understand the actual use of this flying object.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
tool 


In a statement on February 13, the U.S. Northern Command said, "The salvage team found some important wreckage from the balloon fall, including confirming all the main sensors and electronic devices, and the overall structure."
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
upgrade 
After the United States shot down China's suspected spy balloon, the tension between the United States and China further intensified. This time, the Minister of Defense of China had rejected the US Secretary of Defense Austin to discuss matters related to balloons. China claims that the U.S. shot down is an over -reaction and violates international standards. The U.S. Department of Commerce will add 6 entities related to Beijing's suspected spy ball plan to export blacklists. In the past few days, the U.S. military has shot down three flying bodies over the Alas California Coast in northwestern United States, Yakong areas in northwestern Canada, and the overhead of the US -Canada border.
Author: Florian Meyer

The United States looks too anxious? 
Bloomberg reported on the 11th that although the Bayeng government continued to be rejected by the Chinese side to restart communication, it continued to try to promote the positive attitude of China and the United States regardless of the grassroots and senior dialogues, in order to appease "worrying that the United States did not do enough tensions in the tension" " Eurasian allies. However, some public opinion is also worried that such a strategy may make the United States look weak and nose in China.
"Obama National Security Council" (EvanMedeiros), a former Asian senior director, believes that although this "smart and adventurous" strategy can help the United States receive trust in Eurasian countries, it may also strengthen China. The argument that the "Western world needs China more" and the China -US agenda is at the helm of China.
Denniswilder, former deputy assistant director of the East Asia and Pacific Region, also said that this move may make Chinese leaders think that "the strategy of the frozen relationship between them after investigating the balloon is shot down." In the wrestling, the tactical advantage was achieved.
The chairman of the "China Issue Special Committee" of the US House of Representatives Mikegallagher criticized on the 10th: "I just don't understand why the Bayeng government held a meeting (with China) to make such an eager and diligent suitor Performance. "Garrat believes that this move shows the intention of the Biden government to compete in other regional status and participation in regional affairs, but the overall strategy of the United States appears chaotic and clueless.
("Financial Times", Bloomberg News)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中美防長6月有望會談？雙方不同調/a-65584930?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Not only "pedestrian hell"? The major death injury case of Taiwan MRT provokes 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T08:39:00Z
Description: On the 10th in central Taiwan, a major traffic and labor and injury accident occurred. A train of Taichung MRT hit a construction site boom that fell into the track, causing 1 death and 10 injuries. Taiwan has been described as "pedestrian hell" by foreign media, and the accident has once again triggered a heated discussion on traffic safety. DW sort out four questions worthy of attention.
Videos: []
Images: [" 65585645_303.jpg ", " 65585661_401.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '台湾']
Keywords: ['台湾', '交通安全', '台湾捷运']
Id: 65585044
 The huge boom directly pierced the MRT sound barrier wall and fell into the track (provided by the Taichung City Government).
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) At noon on Wednesday (May 10th) in Taichung City, Taiwan, a boom of the construction site fell from the high -rise building to the Taichung MRT track. Essence Taiwan's "Lianhe Daily" reported that this was "the first death and injury accident in the Taiwan MRT."
The Taichung MRT Corporation (Zhongjie) held a press conference on the morning of the 11th. It was silent for 1 minute to pay attention to the victims. It also publicized the screen monitor screen, indicating that the incident passed.
How did it happen? 
The accident occurred at noon on the 10th, Taichung MRT Fengle Park Station. At first, the outside world believed that the "trains during the march" were hit by a boom, but the surveillance video released by Zhongjie Company showed that before the train started, the boom had fallen to the trail track.
According to comprehensive Taiwan media reports, the monitor screen shows that less than a minute after the accident trains entered the platform, the construction site was 40 meters long and 3.3 metric tons (3300 kg). Enter the orbit. At this time, the orbits came out of the smoke, and the platform presence also looked forward. Immediately returned to the webmaster, but the autonomous train train was still closed as usual.
Subsequently, after the person in the car confirmed the abnormal, the action control center was required to stop the train. The train still left the station. Eventually, the train stopped the train because of detecting obstacles.
An injured Canadian passenger described Taiwan media. He recalled: "We park at the MRT station, the train door is still driving, and then we see the boom smashed down, and then slammed. We saw a smoke. And, at this time the train stopped. Then we shouted : My God, what happened? At this time, the door began to close. The people next to me told us not to leave. The train had begun to move. After that, we hit the wreckage (boom). "
The spokesman of the Zhongjie Company explained on the 11th that the Zhongjie trains were driving unmanned. Although they were equipped with a car personnel, the drop of the boom was less than 200 meters, and the suspended card was on the orbit. The system cannot be detected in time, and only 13 seconds of response time will not brake.
Taichung MRT opened in the spring of 2021. It is the third MRT system in Taiwan except Taipei and Kaohsiung. The Taichung MRT has resumed traffic on the entire board on the morning of the 11th.
Who is the dead? 
The Zhongjie accident caused 1 death and 10 injuries. After confirmation of the authorities, the deceased Lin Shuya died on the spot at the age of 52.
Lin Shuya is a senior human rights movement in Taiwan. During his lifetime, he was a assistant professor at the Department of Law of Jingyi University. He was a member of the Presidential Palace of Taiwan Presidential Palace. The Presidential Palace of Taiwan and the International Amnesty Organization have all expressed condolences.
Huang Guochao, an associate professor of Taiwan Literature Department of Jingyi University in Taiwan, said on Facebook that he could not forgive this "ridiculous worker accident." She wrote: "Taiwan society should not forget the elegant. Democratic, international human rights, Tu Bo human rights, principles, environmental rights, judicial reforms .... What can be done by alone. She is only 52 years old. Just, you give her another 30 years, what will it be in the future? "
Lin Shuya has long been committed to the Taiwan Aboriginal Movement. Wu Lihua, a legislator of the Taiwan Democratic Progressive Party, mentioned on Facebook after Lin Shuya's death news. When Chinese President Xi Jinping published the 40th anniversary of the "Book of Taiwan Compatriots" in 2019, he mentioned that "does not give up the unity of force". Non -peaceful announcements have triggered a rebound in Taiwan's public opinion. At that time, Lin Shuya drafted the "Book of Mr. Xi Jinping" in response to China, and the text shouted to Xi Jinping: "The subjectivity of the indigenous peoples and Taiwan, and refused to threaten and did not give up."
 The next day, the Taichung MRT has resumed to traffic. The people of Taiwan are still shocked and questioned by the MRT accident (provided by the Taichung City Government).
major traffic accidents in Taiwan in recent years? 
The traffic safety accident in Taiwan frequently circulated that a 3 -year -old girl and her mother occurred in Tainan City, Taiwan this week. When crossing the road, a car accident was suffered.
According to the latest data released by the Ministry of Transport in March, the number of traffic accidents in Taiwan in 2022 was as high as 3085, a new high in 10 years. The United States CNN has recently reported to describe Taiwan's traffic chaos as "pedestrian hell", which has aroused widespread discussion in public opinion in Taiwan. After the China -PRC accident, the local public opinion was set off again -seemingly a safer MRT system than the road.
Taiwan's "Lianhe Daily" reported that the China -PRC accident this time was the first death and injury accident to the Taiwan MRT. During the construction of the Taichung MRT during the construction of 2015, a steel beam falling accident occurred, causing 4 deaths and 4 injuries.
The most serious traffic accident in Taiwan in recent years is in April 2021 Cause 49 deaths and 213 people injured, the most serious accident in the Taiwan Railway in the past 60 years.
Who should be responsible? 
Comprehensive Taiwan media reports that eight people including the construction workers and workers involved in the case have been delivered to the suspicion of death due to negligence, overlapping damage and public danger. The construction company involved in the case, "Xingfu Fa", went to the scene of the accident to bow and apologize. The Taichung Municipal Government ordered the company to suspend all the projects and was fined NT $ 1.11 million.
The Taichung Metropolitan Development Bureau stated that according to the "restrictions on the construction of both sides of the Volkswagen MRT system", there are restricted construction regulations on both sides of the MRT, and the design drawings of all construction plans must be reviewed. The review passed and did not violate the restriction regulations. Whether there are negligence in the construction site still must be further identified.
In addition to the construction company, the Taichung Municipal Government and the Taichung MRT Corporation have also been questioned whether the emergency response measures of the MRT system have been leaked and the rail foreign body detection system is flawed.
Zhongjie said on the 11th that in the future, the manufacturer involved in the case will be required to pay at least NT $ 200 million, and the emergency response process of the relevant emergency response is also evaluated for the accident review. It is also evaluated to set up emergency buttons on the platform to avoid similar regrets.
The detailed reasons for the China -Piece accident are still investigating. The Taiwan National Transport Safety Investigation Commissioner said on the 11th that preliminary interviews with the first -line operators are expected to be completed within one week, and preliminary reports will be submitted within 30 days.

(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/不只「行人地獄」？台灣捷運重大死傷案惹議/a-65585044?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Japanese Stock Nikkei Index Near Holding Holding 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T09:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T08:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 11th) After the United States announced yesterday, the Wall Street stock market was different after the market expected consumer price data. In the case of investors' attention to the performance of Japanese corporate financial reports, the Nikkei index of the Tokyo stock market was almost the same.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Japanese stock base 225 index closed slightly by 4.54 points, or 0.02%, to 29126.72 points. The closing price of the Dongzhi stock price index fell slightly by 2.82 points, or 0.14%, to 2083.09 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230511-%E6%97%A5%E8%82%A1%E6%97%A5%E7%BB%8F%E6%8C%87%E6%95%B0%E8%BF%91%E6%8C%81%E5%B9%B3%E4%BD%9C%E6%94%B6 
Guo Feixiong's crime of "inciting" was sentenced to eight years in prison 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T09:05:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:59:54-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png "]
 In 2019, Guo Feixiong took a photo at Shanghai East China Normal University at his alma mater. Yang Maoping is exclusively provided Chinese objections Guo Feixiong was suspected of inciting subversion of the state government in Guangzhou on May 11. The court ruled that he was charged and sentenced to eight years in prison on the grounds that Guo Feixiong established the "constitutional democracy" website. Some comments believe that the authorities' sentence is equivalent to forcing Guo Feixiong, who has forced long -term hunger strikes.
* * * * *** Wife's wife's death Guo Feixiong was blocked to the United States forced disappearance Guo Feixiong, formerly known as Yang Maodong, personally went to the Guangzhou Intermediate Court on May 11. The court announced that Guo Feixiong wrote and published articles on the Internet for a long time; in 2020, the "World Constitutional Democratic Forum" was published or reposted or reposted with institutional articles; after being blocked at the end of January 2021, it was interviewed by Radio Free Asia; , Inciting others to subvert the state power, the establishment of the crime, sentenced to eight years in prison, and deprived of political rights for three years. Guo Feixiong refused to accept the verdict and appealed.
Sister Guo Feixiong, Yang Maoping, was informed that he could not control his emotions after the ruling.
Yang Maoping: "Eight years. This is a very shameless behavior. The people tell their unfairness to their superiors, and tell their requirements, why is it" inciting "? Articles of incitement. They accused the (courts) adopted. Lawyers did not adopt Yang Maodong's defense. Isn't this the same as that of Zhao Gao's "deer as a horse '?"
In 2021, Guo Feixiong lost his freedom because he asked Zhang Qing, who was going to visit the United States to visit the United States. People familiar with the matter once disclosed to this station that the authorities once agreed to let Guo Feixiong go abroad, but because he refused to sign a regret book, and he insisted on hunger strikes after he was arrested, he missed the opportunity to be allowed to go abroad.
 Chinese activist Guo Feixiong (Yang Maodong) was approved by the Guangzhou Procuratorate on January 12, 2022, and was officially arrested by the Guangzhou Public Security Bureau for suspected "inciting the crime of subverting the state power". (Rights protection network) [] Yang Maoping: "From the end of December 2020, it was arrested for this long time in December 2021, just under their eyelids. Why don't you say that" stirring ". It is not allowed to arrange funerals, and to plant a stolen stolen among others.
Guo Feixiong insisted on linning weight loss 
On the day of the sentence, Guo Feixiong was allowed to talk shortly with the second brother Yang Mao.
Yang Maoping: "My brother (Guo Feixiong) had about 75 kilograms before, and now it is only less than 45 kg. My brother (Yang Maoquan) looked very distressed. Stop hunger strike. "
Zhu Chengzhi, a Hunan disagreement who is settled in Guangzhou in Guangzhou, went to Guangzhou to observe outside the gate of Guangzhou on the eve of Guo Feixiong. He estimates that unless Guo Feixiong can regain his freedom, he will not stop hunger strike.
 Zhu Chengzhi (pictured) of Hunan objections (pictured) believes that unless Guo Feixiong can regain freedom, he will not stop hunger strike. (Zhu Chengzhi is exclusively provided, the shooting date is unknown) Zhu Chengzhi: "The designated place to monitor the living is usually half a year. He (Guo Feixiong) is a hunger strike for 180 days. The hunger strike will indeed cause huge harm to his body. The authorities have placed him to death. Can stick to the day when the sentence is released. "
Guo Feixiong, who was originally born in Hubei, was known for participating in the new citizen movement and the southern street movement. He had been imprisoned twice, including being sentenced to six years in prison for organizing street activities and asking officials to publicize property. He was not released from prison until August 2019.
Reporter: Gao Feng Editor: Xu Shuting Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-05112023075152.html 
Ukraine defeats mercenary Russia to recognize the difficulties in the battle 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T09:15
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T09:33
Description: The Ukraine troops said it defeated the Russian mercenary tissue Wagner near the Bachurut base; Russia acknowledged that a "very difficult" military operation was underwent. Reuters reports that Oleksandr Syrs ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '俄乌战争']
The Ukraine troops said it defeated the Russian mercenary tissue Wagner near the Bachurut base; Russia acknowledged that a "very difficult" military operation was underwent.
Reuters reported that Oleksandrsyrskyi, who led the Ukraine ground forces, said on Wednesday (May 10) that due to the counterattack, Russian forces in some areas of Bachmut have retreated for 2 kilometers, and he did not provide details. Selski's statement seemed to support the comments from the person in charge of Wagner, who said that Wagner had given up his position on Tuesday (9th).
The Wagner troops led Russia for several months against the cities in eastern Ukraine and suffered heavy losses, but the Ukraine troops said that the Russian offensive is stagnation.
The Tas Society quoted the Kremlin spokesman Peskov told a TV channel of the Persian Said: "Special military operations continue. This is a very difficult military operation. Of course, some targets have been achieved within one year."
He said: "We successfully hit Ukraine's military weapons." He refers to Russia's missile attack in Ukraine. "This work will continue."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393345 
In 2022, more than 71 million people around the world are displaced 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T09:32:12+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T09:20:05+00:00
Description: (France -Presse Geneva, 11th) The supervisory agencies said today that the "Perfect Storm" formed due to multiple crises forced tens of millions of people to escape from their homes in 2022, which made the world's domestic number of displaced people reaching a new high.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The unprecedented domestic outfits (IDP) reported in 2022 reached 71.1 million people, an increase of 20%over 2021. The main reason was that Russia's war in Ukraine and the drowned Pakistan's monsoon storms caused a large scale.
According to the joint reports of the "Internal Displacement Monitoring Center" and "Norwegianrefugee Council", in 2022, a total of 60.9 million domestic displaces were forced to escape many times this year. Essence
This represents a record high of a newly -dispatched person in the country in 2022. Compared with about 38 million people in 2021, it has increased significantly by 60%.
Alexandra Bilak, director of the Disposal Monitoring Center, told AFP that the data was "very high".
"Most of the newly added people are caused by the Ukrainian war, but it is also due to the floods in Pakistan, the new and continuous conflict around the world, and many sudden and slow disasters we see from the Americas to the Pacific."
In 2022, the number of new domestic displaces caused by conflict surged to 28.3 million, which was nearly doubled from 2021, and the average level of the past 10 years was three times.
In addition to 17 million disposted in Ukraine in 2022, Pakistan had 8 million people forced to escape from their homes for huge floods.
About 16.5 million people are displaced by Sub-Sahaharan Africa, more than half of which are caused by conflicts, especially in DemocraticRePublic of Congo and Ethiopia.
The number of people in the world this year is expected to increase only, partly due to new conflicts. For example, the violent conflict of raging Sudan has forced hundreds of thousands of people to escape from their homes.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%BC%A4%E7%BA%B7%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C/20230511-2022%E5%B9%B4%E5%85%A8%E7%90%83%E9%80%BE7100%E4%B8%87%E4%BA%BA%E5%9B%BD%E5%86%85%E6%B5%81%E7%A6%BB%E5%A4%B1%E6%89%80 
Chinese activist Guo Feixiong was sentenced to 8 years 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T09:36:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T10:08:39-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chinese dismissal Guo Feixiong Guo Feixiong provided/information photo
Guo Feixiong (name Yang Maodong), a well -known rights protection person in China, was sentenced to 8 years in the Guangzhou Intermediate Court for "inciting the crime of subverting the state power" on May 11 and deprived of political rights for 3 years.
Among the court defense words obtained by this station, Guo Feixiong said that the court's crime to his political structure is purely unnecessary. His political proposition and political ideal have never changed, that is, in China, "the real freedom of human rights is the rule of law. "" ".
Guo Feixiong expressed his refuse to accept the verdict and would appeal. Guo Feixiong was arrested on the border when he went to the United States to visit the late period of cancer in the United States in 2021. After his wife died, the authorities immediately arrested him on suspicion of "inciting the crime of subverting the state power". Reuters reported that multinational diplomats, including the United States, wanted to attend the listening but blocked.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-05112023093605.html 
Ironics was forced to stop by the authorities named Hong Kong cartoonist Zunzi 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T09:59:00Z
Description: Zunzi, a well -known political cartoonist in Hong Kong, said that after the authorities criticized a satirical cartoon, the Ming Pao announced on Thursday that it would stop publishing a column of "Zunzi Comic" for decades. The Hong Kong Journalists Association expressed distress on the freedom of speech, and believed that the incident reflected that Hong Kong "could not accommodate the voice."
Videos: []
Images: [" 65588252_303.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['明镜周刊', '记者无疆界组织', '新闻自由', '谷歌', '香港', '言论自由', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '社交媒体', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议']
Keywords: ['香港', '明报', '尊子', '尊子漫画', '新闻自由', '言论自由', '基本法', '香港国安法']
Id: 65588165
 Hong Kong "Ming Pao" announced that "Zunzi Comics", which will be released for 40 years from May 14th, will be suspended from May 14
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Hong Kong's Ming Pao announced that since Sunday (May 14), "Zunzi Comic", which will be released for 40 years, "thanks to Zunzi for 40 years to witness the changes in the times."
Since 1983, Huang Jijun, a Hong Kong political cartoonist of the pseudonym "Zunzi"(Kei-kwan)His comic works have been published in the Ming Pao, which is known for ridiculing the politics and society of Hong Kong and China.
The Ming Pao did not explain this decision in detail, nor did he immediately respond to Reuters' comment request.
Zunzi said that Ming Pao had repeatedly told him that the authorities criticized his comic content, and the most recently occurred in this week.
He told Reuters: "My feeling is that the pressure is increasing, and it will stop without changes."
On April 1 this year, Zunzi published comics in the "Century Edition" of the Ming Pao, and satirized that the authorities reserved a large amount of amounts to update the equipment for the disciplinary forces, saying that the reserved 20 billion was not much, because there were many equipment, and more prisoners caught by the prisoners caught. , Two more prisons, please be more jailer. The comic was criticized by the Hong Kong Security Bureau Director Deng Bingqiang.
Reuters reported that Zunzi seemed helpless about the comics being suspended and said that "the situation continues to develop in a bad direction." He pointed out: "There are still many reporters who speak on different platforms, and comics are just one of them."
"I have a chance, I will continue to speak."
In 2019, Hong Kong's outbreak of democratic protests, followed by China in July 2020, the "Hong Kong National Security Law". Since then, comics have been the one of the few spaces in the Hong Kong media that have not retreated.
Hong Kong Records Association: Zunzi Comic stop publication "Reflects the sound that cannot be criticized in Hong Kong" 
Regarding Zunzi's comics, the Hong Kong Journalists Association expressed distress on the freedom of speech, and issued a statement on Facebook that in the past seven months, Zunzi was publicly criticized by government officials six degrees. Many criticisms; the Association believes that "the SAR government with huge resources and public power continuously snip a literati, reflecting the sound of being criticized in Hong Kong."
The statement wrote: "Media institutions may be violently criticized or accused of illegal content, thereby exacerbating self -examination and damage to the free space for news and speech that the Basic Law guarantees, which is harmful to society."
The Hong Kong Reporter Association calls on the authorities to "use the right to express their opinions with the greatest tolerance, rather than the remarks of media workers and media agencies in the relationship of incorrect power."
Hong Kong was once reported by the international media in China and regional news, and local media were full of vitality. Essence In 2019, Hong Kong ranked 73.
The Hong Kong authorities have repeatedly emphasized respect for the freedom of the press, and the freedom of speech and the freedom of the press have been guaranteed in the Basic Law. However, the police raided and closed several liberal media, including "Apple Daily" and "Position News".
After being criticized by the pro -China politicians and officials, the Radio of the Public Broadcasting Corporation Hong Kong also reduced the irony program and reduced the reporting efforts.
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/讽刺时政遭当局点名-香港漫画家尊子被迫停载/a-65588165?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Rights protection Guo Feixiong was sentenced to eight years in prison 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T10:02:00Z
Description: It is reported that the rights defendant Guo Feixiong (real name Yang Maodong) was sentenced to eight years of imprisonment in Guangzhou for inciting subversion of the country in Guangzhou. He did not accept the verdict and appealed. In early 2021, Guo Feixiong hoped to visit his seriously ill wife in the United States, but was stopped from exiting the country, and then he was prison again until now. His wife died of illness during this period. Diplomats such as Germany and the United States were prevented from listening to the trial on May 11.
Videos: []
Images: [" 19277289_303.jpg ", " 60412840_404.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['郭飞雄', '杨茂东', '中国维权律师', '维权人士']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65588550
 Guo Feixiong has been imprisoned for 11 years because of many participation in rights protection
(Voice of Germany in Chinese) On May 11, according to the information of the "China Human Rights Lawyer Group" Twitter account forwarding the signs of the signed person, Guo Feixiong (real name Yang Maodong) brother Yang Maoquan, said that Guo Feixiong was imprisoned for 8 years due to incitement to subvert the country. Sources confirmed to Germany's voice that the information was indeed released by Yang Maoquan.
This information said that Guo Feixiong's case was sentenced after the trial of the Guangzhou court on May 11. The court said that he had written and published articles on the Internet for a long time, and created the World Constitutional Democratic Forum in 2020 to continue publishing institutional articles written by himself and others, January 2021 On the 27th, an interview with Radio Free Asia was blocked on the 27th, and the system of interviews from Liberty Asia, a system of long -term attacks and slandering Chinese politics. This information said that Guo Feixiong was not convinced and appealed.
According to the human rights website "Minsheng Observation", the 58 -year -old Guo Feixiong, now 58 years old, has been imprisoned for 11 years because of repeated participation in rights protection. In January 2020, Guo Feixiong's exile in the United States Zhang Qing unfortunately suffered from bowel cancer. On January 28, 2021, Guo Feixiong was preparing to take the plane to the United States at Shanghai Pudong Airport At the same time, the authorities were based on "endangering national security" 。
 Guo Feixiong in the 2014 prison is behind the visiting window
At that time, the date published by Guo Feixiong was in the "Supreme Call for China's Supreme Leader" on January 27, 2021: "(Wife) has just finished colon cancer with liver metastasis and abdominal resection. It is necessary to carry out chemotherapy for 24 weeks, risks, and high risks. I must rush to the United States immediately to help her through the most dangerous and difficult passage in life. I am tortured by myself. The public servants are also husbands, presumably there are ordinary people with empathy. " Guo Feixiong said in the letter that although he and his wife "although the heavens have been on each other for a long time, the husband and wife are affectionate, respecting each other, accompanied by each other, and kindness. She has paid everything for me. Today is the time when I have paid everything for her. It will overcome all the danger and span all the Dao Mountains and the Sea, and at the expense of it. If I can't successfully board the predetermined flight from Shanghai to Washington on the evening of January 28, 2021, I will conduct an indefinite hunger strike in real time. "
According to the information of "Minsheng Observation", in November 2021, Guo Feixiong again issued an open letter from Chinese leaders to ask him to visit his wife out of the country, but he was detained again a few days later. It is said that Guo Feixiong has been on a hunger strike after being detained. On January 10, 2022, his wife died of illness in the United States. Guo Feixiong was charged with instigating the subversion of state power two days later Essence
German ambassador to post a tweet 
Diplomators in many countries said they were prevented from listening to Guo Feixiong's trial on May 11. The German ambassador to China, Patriciaflor, said on Twitter: "I was sentenced to eight years in prison for human rights defender Yang Maodong (pen name: Guo Feixiong) today. Officials are prevented from listening to public trials. We will continue to call him with many countries for humanitarian reasons. "
The United States Embassy in China released Twitter: "Today, US diplomats have been blocked and failed to listen to the court trial against Guo Feixiong. Guo Feixiong is a lawyer who is currently facing trial in Guangzhou because of his peace advocacy. Release Mr. Guo as soon as possible, so that he can reunite with his family. "
Four diplomats who are unwilling to disclose their names to Reuters that diplomats from Britain, Canada, Denmark, France, and the Netherlands are also prevented from entering the court to listen to the court because foreign listeners must be approved by higher -level relevant departments.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/维权人士郭飞雄-煽颠-罪名被判八年监禁/a-65588550?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The upper limit of the U.S. debt was affected by extreme political operation Ye Lun warned the consequences of serious consequences 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T10:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T09:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Niigata, 11th) U.S. Minister of Finance Ye Lun warned at the CPPCC meeting of the Seven major industrial groups (G7) today that the upper limit of the US debt was affected by extreme political operations. As a result, it will pay "heavy economic costs".
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Former US President Donald Trump urged the Republican Parliament to be a member of the Republican Parliament that if the Democratic Party did not agree to cut expenditures, it refused to raise the upper limit of debt and let the United States fall into the first debt default in history.
US President Joe Biden also threatened that the federal debt limit controversy will not be resolved quickly, and he will cancel Asia, including the G7 summit held next weekend.
Ye Lun said in his speech: "As for the assessment of economists and me in various fields, once the United States breaks the contract, it will lead to economic and financial disasters."
Ye Lun pointed out: "Even if there is no breach of breach of contract, the extreme means taken on the upper limit of the debt may also have to pay a heavy economic cost."
The upper limit of debt in the United States is often routine. However, in 2022, Republican members who won the control of the House of Representatives threatened that if the government does not cut expenditure, it will not increase the debt limit from the current 31.4 trillion dollars.
Ye Lun warned last week that the treasury will be exhausted as soon as June 1, and will not be able to fulfill its financial obligations.
Ye Lun said today that the United States was also facing similar situations in 2011, so she lost the top AAA debt letter evaluation.
Ye Lun said, "There is no reason to find trouble and create a crisis."
She said: "Since 1960, the U.S. Congress has raised or temporarily canceled the upper limit of debt for nearly 80 times. I urged Congress to take action quickly and do it again."
The main members of Biden and the two parties did not make progress on the 9th, but the participants agreed to continue their efforts to avoid breach of breach of contract.
However, Trump, who was leading the polls of the Republican 2024 presidential election in 2024, appealed on the live show on the American CNN (CNN). You have to let (debt) default. "(Translator: Liu Shuqin/Calculation: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E7%BE%8E%E4%B8%BE%E5%80%BA%E4%B8%8A%E9%99%90%E9%81%AD%E6%9E%81%E7%AB%AF%E6%94%BF%E6%B2%BB%E6%93%8D%E4%BD%9C-%E5%8F%B6%E4%BC%A6%E8%AD%A6%E5%91%8A%E5%90%8E%E6%9E%9C%E4%B8%A5%E9%87%8D 
The German government approves the highest shares of Hamburg Port in Hamburg Port 24.99% 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T10:30:00Z
Description: The German federal government spokesman said on Wednesday (May 10) that the Berlin government approved COSCO Group to invest in Hamburg Port, with a maximum of 24.99%of the shares. The debate around the German government around the acquisition case has lasted for several months.
Videos: []
Images: [" 56913535_303.jpg "]
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '德国', '中国', '留学德国', '中共十九大', '留学德国']
Keywords: ['德国', '中国', '汉堡港', '中远', '收购']
Id: 65589368
 China is the most important trading partner of Hamburg so far, accounting for about one -third of its container.
(Voice of Germany) COSCO Group's original plan to acquire 35%of the shares of the Tollerort container terminal in Hamburg Port. In October last year, the acquisition was first rejected by the German government. On October 26, the federal government approved The proportion of acquisition shares dropped to 24.9%.
The government has continued to argue internally whether it should allow Chinese companies to invest in German ports.
German Chancellor Savz is agreed with the acquisition, but the Green Party and Liberal Democratic Party, the joint ruling, holds objections.
In April this year, the German Information Technology Security Agency (BSI) put the Tollerort terminal of Hamburg Port Essence The Federal Ministry of Economic Affairs stated that the ministry is studying related influences due to changes in the prerequisites. According to a survey by North Germany's Will Radio and West Germany, the Ministry of Economic Affairs has advocated starting a new investment procedure to re -evaluate the investment scope of key infrastructure. But this requires consistency within the federal government.
At that time, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs urged the German government to objectively and rationally view pragmatic cooperation between the two states and provide non -discriminatory business environment for Chinese companies.
The federal government now stated in a statement that "the revised acquisition agreement meets the conditions for partial ban." At the same time, it is emphasized that the Hamburg Port container terminal is classified as a key infrastructure in Germany.
Tollerort container pier operator (HHLA) announced that the TOLLERORT terminal can now be expanded as a transit point for COSCO Group. Logistics between Asia and Europe will concentrate here.
HHLA also said that the shares acquisition transaction "soon" can be completed.
The Hamburg Port said that a few equity of Chinese companies will ensure the employment of the port, and strengthen the importance of burgers as a logistics intersection at home and abroad, and the importance of Germany as an industrial country.
Tanjagönner, the director of the German Industry Federation (BDI), said that the German government finally approved the Hamburg Port acquisition case slightly lower than 25%of the Hamburg Port, which is a good thing for Germany as an investment place. She said: "The economic competitiveness and technical sovereignty of Germany and the European Union need to maintain basic openness on our local foreign investment, which also includes investment from China." She added: "Expanding the economic relationship with China is reasonable, it is reasonable. Even if it is increasingly tense in the geopolitical situation today. "
Hamburg Port needs to invest in the Chinese to pay: Why are anyone dissatisfied? 
(Germany, Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德国政府批准中远入股汉堡港-最高参股24-99/a-65589368?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Trump attended the CNN symposium to reiterate the election fraud to deny the defeat 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T10:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T10:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New York, 10th) Former US President Trump attended the CNN live broadcast symposium on the CNN rare period during the golden period, repeating his statement about the fraud in the 2020 presidential election, saying that the election was a scam and denied the defeat.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Trump attended the symposium in New Hampshire today. This is his first time since he participated in the United States CNN (CNN) program since 2016. He previously called CNN as a media that reported "fake news" and never agreed to be interviewed by CNN reporters when he served as president.
CNN host Kaitlancollins opened today to see the mountain asking Sichuan, why he felt that he should run again, Trump almost repeated his statement about the 2020 presidential election as a fraud, saying that most people believe that the election has been "moved by" movement has been moved. "Hand and feet".
Trump spread the lies of the defeat of the election in 2020, letting Sichuan Fan break into the Congress Villa on January 6, 2021. After many years of dodging and dodging, Trump answered the riot case for the first time in the mainstream media today.
When Collins asked Trump if he would regret his behavior on January 6, 2021, Trump immediately began to praise the size of the people he talked on the day, saying that some supporters later began to move forward to Congress Villa.
Trump said: "They are very proud of there. They appear there in their hearts. This is incredible, that is a very beautiful day."
Collins asked Trump why he did not ask his supporters to leave Congress Villa, or sent someone to help dispel the protests. As a result, Trump shifted the topic and tried to go wrong to the then Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancypelosi.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E5%B7%9D%E6%99%AE%E5%87%BA%E5%B8%ADcnn%E5%BA%A7%E8%B0%88%E4%BC%9A-%E9%87%8D%E7%94%B3%E9%80%89%E4%B8%BE%E8%88%9E%E5%BC%8A%E5%90%A6%E8%AE%A4%E8%B4%A5%E9%80%89 
Ecuador and China signed a free trade agreement 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T10:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T10:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, 10th, 10th) Ecuador and China signed a free trade agreement today. Ecuador expects that this agreement can increase the country's non -oil exports of $ 4 billion in the next 10 years.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Ecuador's Minister of Trade, Julio Jose Prado, told the media that the agreement covered 99.6%of the country's exit and opened the door to the world's largest market.
According to Ecuador's Ministry of Trade, China is the main partner of Ecuador in the first half of 2022 in non -petroleum trade.
According to Ecuador's central bank, the bilateral trade volume of the two countries reached a record of US $ 13.09 billion last year.
Guillermo Lasso, President of Ecuador, visited Beijing in February 2022, and the two countries began to negotiate free trade.
Prado said: "This agreement focuses on trade issues. We have not yet negotiated services, investment, public procurement, and other departments that may become more sensitive."
China is the second largest economy in the world, and it has signed similar trade agreements with Peru, Costa Rica and Chile in Peru, Costa, and Chile. (Translator: Liu Shuqin/Research: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E5%8E%84%E7%93%9C%E5%A4%9A%E5%92%8C%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%AD%BE%E7%BD%B2%E8%87%AA%E7%94%B1%E8%B4%B8%E6%98%93%E5%8D%8F%E5%AE%9A 
British Airport will face another strike for six months 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T10:39
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T12:10
Description: Public sector workers, including border troops, voted to decide to extend industrial actions, and British Airport faced a six -month strike. Bloomberg reported that Wednesday (May 10), the British Public and Commercial Services Union, said that in a vote, 88%of the votes supported further ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国', '罢工']
Public sector workers, including border troops, voted to decide to extend industrial actions, and British Airport faced a six -month strike.
Bloomberg reported that Wednesday (May 10) said that in a vote, 88%of votes supported further strikes. This gives the union's new power. If the long -term dispute on wages, pensions and work guarantee has not reached a solution, the trade union will hold a strike involving more than 100,000 civil servants.
Persons participating in the voting are from 186 departments of the public sector, including the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of Finance, and the education, national defense and transportation departments hiring officials of passport control officials. This may lead to further delays at the port of Dofer, and this port has suffered long traffic jams during the holiday peak period. The voting rate was 52%, which exceeded the minimum level of half of the workers required for the legalization of the British strike.
"Unless the minister invests more funds, they will see more high -profile destructive operations in the summer unless the minister invests more funds until autumn."
Stubborn inflation has prompted workers to protest the actual salary reduction, and Britain has faced extensive industrial actions in recent months. Industrial operations involve a series of departments, including civil servants, transportation, royal postal, schools and universities, and national health services.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393357 
The first batch of three relatives in the UK was born 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T10:46
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T11:11
Description: British human fertilization and embryonics have confirmed that the first batch of three -parent babies containing three -person deoxyrogenic acid (DNA) information in Britain have been born. This is the first batch of three relatives born in the UK in the context of mitochondrial donation treatment (MDT) in the regulatory environment.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国', '婴儿', 'DNA', '科学', '基因']
British human fertilization and embryonics have confirmed that the first batch of three -parent babies containing three -person deoxyrogenic acid (DNA) information in Britain have been born. This is the first batch of three relatives born in the UK in the context of mitochondrial donation treatment (MDT) in the background of mitochondrial donation treatment (MDT). The number of babies is less than five.
Mitochondrion is the "energy factory" of the true nuclear cells. There is a set of genetic materials independent of the nucleus in the mitochondria. Mitochondrial disease belongs to the maternity inheritance. Once the mother has defects, the baby will be affected. British human fertilization and embryonics administration emphasized that mitochondrial donation treatment is still in the early stage, and only it is very likely that severe mitochondrial diseases to children who are qualified to receive mitochondrial donation treatment.
In terms of genetic perspective, there are two mothers in the three relatives, but the "mother" who donate mitochondria and their children is less connected. Most of these children's DNAs (more than 99.8%) are still from their parents, but about 0.1%of genetic materials come from mitochondrial donation women.
In 2015, Britain became the first country to legally take effect to approve mitochondrial donation treatment. Since then, the Newcastle's Newcastle Planning Center obtained the first controversial treatment permit in 2017 and created MDT research.
Britain does not use MDT to give birth to the first three -parent baby. In 2016, American doctors performed related treatment for a Jordan woman carrying mitochondria mutations. The world's first three relatives in the world were born in Mexico.
However, for mitochondrial donation treatment, public opinion is mixed. Supporters believe that for women with mitochondria defects, this technology can help them give birth to healthy children. Opponents believe that this is a disguised genetic modification and does not meet medical ethics.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393358 
Boston's pro -Beijing overseas Chinese leader was arrested and sued the illegal monitoring of anti -Chinese people 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T10:49:21-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T10:49:21-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Litangliang, co -chairman of the "China Peaceful Unification Promotion Association" in Boston, USA, was suspected of illegally serving as an agent of foreign government and monitoring the local opposition to the Chinese government. It was arrested and prosecuted by the federal authorities on May 9th and will appear on the 11th. U.S. Distribict Court
Litangliang, co -chairman of the "China Peaceful Unification Promotion Association" in Boston, USA, was suspected of illegally serving as an agent of foreign government and monitoring the local opposition to the Chinese government. It was arrested and prosecuted by the federal authorities on May 9th and will appear on the 11th.
According to the indictment, Liang Litang served as the Chinese government's agent from 2018 to 2022, providing photos and information from local dissidents to Beijing, organizing protests against the people of the people, and providing potential potential to the Chinese public security department List of recruiting personnel.
On August 18, 2019, there was a Hong Kong group in Boston to hold a support for the support of the gall. The prosecution pointed out that Liang Litang took the photos and videos of the participants and forwarded it to Chinese officials. In addition, he also helped organize protests against related rally.
Franceshui, a coordinator of the Hong Kong Freedom Council of the Hong Kong Free Council (COMMITTEE FOR FRODOM in Hong Kongfoundation), said on Twitter that the leadership of the protest leader of the rally and the agent of the People's Republic of China were finally being Twitter. Prosecution and arrest, "Four years have passed, I feel relieved, indignant, and disappointed at the same time."
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-05112023104804.html 
U.S. Anshi Su Liwen meets with Wang Yi 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T10:54:17-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T10:54:17-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 National Security Consultant Jake Sullivan Agence France -Presse Pictures
National Security Consultant Jake Sullivan met with Wang Yi, director of the Foreign Affairs Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China in Vienna, Austria on May 11.
According to a press release issued by the White House, the two sides conducted frank, substantial and constructive discussions on the key issues of bilateral relations, global and regional security issues, the Russian and Ukraine War, and cross -strait issues. Both sides agreed to maintain important strategic communication channels on the basis of the contact of the worship. The Chinese official media "Xinhua News Agency" emphasized that Wang Yi comprehensively explained China's solemn position on the Taiwan issue.
US President Joebiden told his accompanying reporters on Wednesday that the call with Chinese leader Xi Jinping made progress, but did not disclose the specific time. There have been rumors that high -level high -levels in the United States and China lack communication channels. Many US officials have stated that they are working hard to promote or meet with officials of Chinese departments. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin No. 11 responded: "The key is that the United States cannot communicate on the one hand, but on the other hand, it continues to suppress and curb China.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-05112023105407.html 
Wang Huning attended the work meeting of Taiwan work conference: Prepare a new stage plan 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T10:57:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:58:12-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png "]
 On October 23, 2022, Wang Huning attended the introduction meeting of the new member of the Politburo Standing Committee held in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. Associated Press/Data Photo Wang Huning, chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, attended a work meeting in Taiwan, instructed to resume and expand cross -strait exchanges and make friends with people from all walks of life in Taiwan. Some scholars believe that Wang Huning emphasizes work to Taiwan to prepare for the formation of a new Taiwan plan.
[Exclusive] Kuomintang's high -level close -up observation Wang Huning: Wu Tong Taiwan has no urgency * **** * Beijing Scholars of the Taiwan Team Terminal: Promoting, Aevant DPP Promoting Political Consultation China ’s work conference on Taiwan was held on the 9th to 10th in Beijing in 2023. Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, took over as chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference in March, and attended the work meeting of Taiwan for the first time.
Xinhua News Agency reported that Wang Huning said that it is necessary to adhere to a Chinese principle and the "1992 consensus" to promote the peaceful development of cross -strait relations; we must uphold the concept of the "cross -strait family", respect, care, and benefit Taiwan's compatriots, improve the system and improve the well -being of Taiwan's compatriots. Policies continue to deepen the integrated development of cross -strait sides; we must gradually resume and expand cross -strait exchanges, make friends with people from all walks of life in Taiwan, and promote the compatibility of compatriots on both sides of the strait. It is necessary to strengthen the party's comprehensive leadership on Taiwan's work, conduct in -depth investigations and research, and promote the high -quality development of Taiwan's work.
 The Communist Party of China was held in Beijing in 2023. Wang Huning attended and spoke. (Video screenshot/cctv) Wang Huning uses vernacular words, Taiwan's mouth kiss 
Wang Zhisheng, Secretary -General of the China Asia -Pacific Elite Exchange Association in Taiwan, was interpreted by Radio Free Asia. Wang Huning's Pharaoh was more intensive, especially in strengthening his scholars and bile style.
Wang Zhisheng said: "In the past, the changes in both sides of the Taiwan Strait made the Beijing policy survey not enough to cope with Sanxin, that is, new ideas, new ideas, and new strategies. Policies, as a preparation stage to introduce the overall strategy of Taiwan. When will the new Xi Jinping discuss the Taiwan and the overall strategy of Taiwan? It is estimated that after the 2024 presidential election next year, the new cross -strait stage is pre -prepared. "
The CCP's work adjustment information war is constantly evolving 
Chen Fangyu, assistant professor of the Department of Political Science at the Soochow University of Taiwan, accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia that Tsai Ing -wen won two elections. The Chinese Communist Party also misjudged the Hong Kong elections to win, but he did not expect to lose.
Chen Fangyu said: "(the Communist Party of China) has greatly adjusted the work of Taiwan, and the information war has continued to evolve. Previously, there were new content farm production systems. Now the content farm has evolved, and it is disguised as a general living pattern, such as mountain climbing, film clubs, etc. There are some political information. It is not necessarily completely denied. This is dynamic. For example, some thoughts are put on some issues to help pro -Chinese candidates speak, hidden in some invisible things, and the CCP's united front means constantly adjusted. "
Song Tao, the director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of China, was sitting on the right hand of Wang Huning at the meeting. Wang Zhisheng pointed out that Song Tao took office for five months and actively resumed cross -strait exchanges. Frequent communication between legislators, grass -roots villages and other circles.
 On February 10, 2023, Wang Huning (right), member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, saw Xia Liyan (left), vice chairman of the Chinese Kuomintang in Beijing.(Chinese Kuomintang provided) Strengthen the restoration of "making friends" scholars from all walks of life in Taiwan: Song Tao has tried it first 
Wang Zhisheng said: "Song Tao has tried first, and continuously strengthened the united front work that recovered to communicate with all walks of life with Taiwan. This is rare in the past few years. Lowering the figure, seeking peace, softening, and communication. The overall strategy echo the strategic side of Song Tao and Wang Huning in the execution surface. "
The Wang Huning Society mentioned that since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping put forward a series of new ideas, new ideas, and new strategies on the work of Taiwan, forming the overall strategy of the party to solve the Taiwan problem in the new era; Implement the overall strategy of solving Taiwan's problems in the new era, and firmly grasp the dominance and initiative of cross -strait relations.
In this regard, Chen Fangxuan believes that Wang Huning's "the overall strategy of solving the problem of Taiwan's problem in the new era", "firmly grasp the dominance and initiative rights and initiative of cross -strait relations", "adhere to the 1992 consensus, a China" All have appeared, there is no innovation.
Chen Fangyu said: "What did he say to promote the minds of both sides of the strait, which means that their united front techniques can now be restored to the relationship between people before the epidemic. Work on both sides of the strait. "
"War and Peace" 2024 Taiwan election before the Chinese Communist Party's main axis of Taiwanese situation Chen Fangyu said: "Now provide carrots in one hand, tell you, see many benefits of me, just come to talk, anti -Taiwan independence, and the Communist Party of China. Talk to us, there will be war; then all the war is wrong to blame the United States and Taiwan. The two strategies of hard and hard to resolve the determination of the Taiwanese self -defense. (Create) You see that the CCP is terrible, we will not win, then use negotiations. ","
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting He Ping.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx1-05112023084419.html 
Investing in technology new entrepreneurship loss SoftBank's net loss over 220 billion yuan throughout the year 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T11:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T10:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 11th) Japan SoftBank Group announced the annual financial report today that after a year of bleak science and technology entrepreneurs investing in the company's strong investment, SoftBank's annual net loss exceeded 970 billion yen (about NT $ 220 billion).
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 SoftBankGroup said that as of the last fiscal year of March 31 this year, its annual net loss reached 970 billion yen and sales were 6 trillion 570 billion yen, partly reflecting a major loss of its VisionFund business.
Agence France -Presse reported that SoftBank Group pointed out through a statement that Vision Fund 1 (Vision Fund 1) and Vision Fund 2 (Vision Fund 2) were impacted by global technology stocks.
The statement mentioned: "In the case of weak global stock markets, the stock price of many listed investment portfolios fell in the fiscal year, although several companies' stock prices rose in the fourth quarter."
According to Bloomberg News, SoftBank pointed out that the two funds have a loss of 4 trillion yuan (32 billion US dollars), a record high.
SoftBank Group was hit in a series of new founding enterprises, including WeWORK, a shared office operator who faced difficulties for a long time, and Doordash, an online dinner for the United States.
SoftBank Group actively invests in a new technology -founded enterprise and is affected by the changeable market forces.
Toyo Securities Analyst An Tian Hideki told AFP before the announcement of SoftBank Group's financial report: "The performance of SoftBank Group depends to a large extent on the stock price."
Analysts are worried that more bad news may come. (Translator: Lin Yifeng/Calculating Draft: Chen Yanjun)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230511-%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80%E6%96%B0%E5%88%9B%E4%B8%9A%E5%A4%B1%E5%88%A9-%E8%BD%AF%E9%93%B6%E5%85%A8%E5%B9%B4%E5%87%80%E6%8D%9F%E9%80%BE2200%E4%BA%BF%E5%85%83 
South Korea has lifted the seven -day quarantine measures from the release of crown diseases in June 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T11:04
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:31
Description: South Korea ’s crisis of the crown disease epidemic on Thursday (May 11), and has no longer required infected to separate for seven days from June. Reuters reports that the South Korean authorities still recommend that the infected persons are separated by themselves for five days, but this is not mandatory. South Korean President Yin Xiyue is with government officials and medical workers ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '冠状病毒19', '尹锡悦', '隔离', '隔离措施', '戴口罩']
South Korea ’s crisis of the crown disease epidemic on Thursday (May 11), and has no longer required infected to separate for seven days from June.
Reuters reports that the South Korean authorities still recommend that the infected persons are separated by themselves for five days, but this is not mandatory.
South Korean President Yin Xiyue said at a television conference held with government officials and medical workers: "I am very happy that people will be able to restore their normal life after three years and four months." This meeting marks the highest level of crisis from the highest level from the highest level. Level 4 drops to level 3.
In addition, the requirements of wearing masks in all medical institutions and pharmacies will also be canceled. Only hospitals with patient wards must wear masks. Yin Xiyue said that the government will continue to provide financial assistance for the testing and treatment of crown disease.
The crown disease is no longer an internationally concerned emergencies (PHEIC).
According to data from Korean disease control and prevention institutions, there are about 31.3 million confirmed cases with 52 million people with a population of 52 million, and a total of 34,600 death cases.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393363 
Column | Green Intelligence: What does the dart in the collective of avian influenza attack (below) What does darts in mammalians mean? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T11:11:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T11:15:24-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png ", " 000003.png ", " 000004.png "]
 Since the beginning of this year, Peru has continued to discover the death of the sea lion, and after testing, it was found that death was due to bird flu. Agencence France -Presse Like the movie plot of the Holocaust, the Peruvian coast has emerged. At the end of January this year, 100 kilometers from the capital Lima, 100 sea lions were strange and violent, and the number of deaths continued to soar in various places. Until early March, nearly 3,500 sea lions were discovered, accounting for more than 3%of the total number of sea lions in the country.
Who killed the sea lion? The answer is bird flu. The most severe H5N1 bird flu in this wave of history in history is popular. Not only does birds have been hit by major blows, but mammals have also suffered. In November last year, Peru discovered the first case of wild bird infection. Death, a pain of suffering of convulsions and bleeding pneumonia before death.
Sea lion mink takes the whistle 
The scene of collective death in this scene was also staged in the other end of the Atlantic Ocean. In October last year, a large number of mink died broke out in Spain's farms. At first, veterinarians suspected that it was a new crown virus. After all, many in Europe have a large -scale infection. It was found that the murderer was actually a bird flu virus H5N1. In the end, more than 50,000 mink was killed. These mink escaped the number of new crowns.
 Spanish mink escaped the new crown virus, but did not escape the death of the new bird flu H5N1. (Associated Press) Not only darts in sea lions and mink, French red foxes and cats have detected avian flu viruses. Russia and Peru's seals are also popular. For cases, the list of mammalians continued to increase.
H5N1's new virus has brought severe impact on farm animals and natural ecology. Ecological experts have warned. As the avian influenza virus continues to evolve, mutations and flow in different species, ecological risks will inevitably rise. Recently, Peru and Argentine scientists have also published an article in the "Science" journal that sea lions may be exposed to wild birds with pathogens. However, the possibility of group death may be strange, and the possibility of viruses spreading between sea lions is worrying.
Zheng Mingzhu, an associate professor of the Department of Veterinary Medicine, Pingtung University of Science and Technology in Taiwan, pointed out that in the past, mammals had sporadic infection with bird flu viruses. This epidemic was collectively infected with mammalians. The other is to be transmitted to mammals in mammals, which causes a lot of infections. Both methods mean that the new type of bird flu virus has stronger adaptability to mammals, so many experts are also worried that after the virus further across species obstacles in the future, it is possible to have new viruses in transmitted people.
Zhang Zhaqin, Honorary Professor and Dean of the Institute of Microbiology and Public Health of Zhongxing University in Taiwan, said that these unusual mammalian infections have attracted the risk of virusists and human and animals infectious diseases. In addition to wild animals such as mink, sea lion, seals, and bears, international experts also noticed that the poultry farm is difficult to prevent blocking mice, because H5N1 will infect mammals, whether mice may be infected, or whether mice may be mechanically mechanical. Sexual carrying virus. Once the poultry field cannot be effectively controlled by the poultry field, they may escape around the poultry field, pollute feed or contact poultry, and further cause H5N1 to spread. For the prevention and control of the disease, mice are mammals worthy of everyone's attention. Is it possible for them to be potential hosts that spread viruses.
 The avian influenza virus continues to break through the line of defense, and the threat of human and animal infectious diseases has heated up. (Associated Press) Plague one after another, knocking on the door 
Is the distance between humans and plague closer? After the H5N1 virus was first separated for the first time in the baby poultry in Guangdong, China, in 1997, the world's first human case appeared in Hong Kong, causing 18 infections and 6 deaths. In 2003, the World Health Organization (WHO) announced that bird flu virus H5N1 was a global public health threat. From April 6, 2003 to April 6, 2023, a total of 874 people in the world infected H5N1 virus, 458 people died, and the mortality rate was about 53%.
Zhang Zhaoqin believes that in the past, the H5N1 virus strain has caused a very high mortality rate of human beings in the past, but in this wave of epidemic, the virus strain has changed. So far, so many countries in the world have become popular, and many people have exposed to viruses during breeding of poultry or killing. There are only about 10 human cases around the world, and some are infected with no symptoms and unpreparedness. At present, there are no interpersonal communication. occur.
However, the bird flu virus is cunning and changing. The World Animal Health Organization (WOAH) divides the avian influenza virus into high pathogenic (HPAI, also known as high pathogenicity) and low according to the pathogenic force and mortality rate of poultry virus infection. Creation (LPAI, also known as low pathogenicity). Zhang Zhaoqin reminded that from the perspective of epidemiological empirical data, it is not only that the high pathogenic avian influenza virus can cause human cases. In fact, the low pathogenic avian influenza virus also has the threat of human animal infection. At present, it is necessary to continuously monitor the avian flu virus, because its virus strains have a lot of combination, and the demand for human edible poultry meat in recent years has increased, and the number of poultry fields has also grown. Therefore, the overlappingability of the human living environment has led The chance of contact with poultry has increased, thereby enhancing the threat of common infectious diseases in human and animal.
Over the years, H3N8 has been infected from birds to horses and dogs several years, and no human cases have happened. However, in March 2022, China reported to the World Health Organization's first case of human infection with H3N8 bird flu virus. There are currently three cases worldwide, all from China, one of which died in April this year.Judging from the bird flu virus strains infected with human infection, Zhang Zhaoqin explained that the two subtypes of H5 and H7 are the most watched. H5 subtype strains include H5N1, H5N2, H5N6, etc. H7, H7N7, H7N3, H7N2,,, H7N2,,, H7N2,,, H7N2,,,, H7N2,,,,, H7N9 et al. Among them, H7N9 has caused quite a lot of human infection cases in mainland China. In addition, H9N2, H10N7, H10N8, and H6N1 have also had human infections in the past.
The live poultry market has become a virus library 
It is worth noting that most cases show the history of living poultry contact. Zheng Mingzhu pointed out that in the past, many human infections have occurred in the live poultry market, especially in China ’s H7N9 cases. The living poultry market is the main source of infection.
 The live poultry market plays an important role in the spread of bird flu viruses. (Reuters) [] Zhang Zhaoqin said that the live poultry market plays an important role in the spread of bird flu viruses. These poultry passes through long -distance transportation to the traditional market. In the process, they are locked in a narrow crowded cage. The sense of urgency, which is profitable and overflowing under the physiological pressure. This time is more likely to cause contact with personnel and infection. In addition, it will also cause pollution problems in the environment. In terms of poultry disease prevention, the live poultry market is definitely negative.
In addition, the live poultry market also provides a great environment for virus replication and hyperplasia and gene mutations. Zheng Mingzhu explained that the live poultry market gathers different sources of poultry, including ducks, chickens, quails, etc., and sometimes selling some odors, such as wild ducks, so there may be a spread chain between birds. Most of the bird flu virus originated from water poultry, because water poultry usually does not develop after infection. When they are caught in the live poultry market, the virus generates transmission of cross -species and poultry species in space Essence
From time to time, there is a reorganization or mutation of bird flu viruses. Zheng Mingzhu believes that this may not be related to the live bird market and poultry poultry. Bird flu vaccine is not removed. High -profile bird flu, such as H5N1, H7N9 New reorganization plants appear in China, so China has been regarded as a new type of bird flu in the past.
Zhang Zhaoqin reminded that, in addition to the live poultry market that can cause the spread between people and animals, the location configuration of the poultry industry is also a potential risk factor. The poultry field must have a certain distance from the human living environment. There are many backyard raising chickens in mainland China. Since the distance with people is too close, it is impossible to prevent the contact of migratory birds or wild animals and poultry. In recent years, many people and animals will be seen in these countries. Regional popularity is not without reason.
 Faced with the great epidemic diseases on the ruthlessness, the monitoring and prevention and control measures of bird flu. (Reuters) [] Bird flu is the next wave of epidemic disease? 
Recently, China Fudan University and the University of Sydney, Australia teamed up to publish an epidemic study in the journal "Onehealth" journal. In -depth analysis of more than 70,000 animal flu data from 1970 to 2016. Researchers concluded that avian influenza may be the next human beings. The source of major epidemic disease. Zheng Mingzhu believes that as the avian flu virus continues to appear, the risks of human popularity will inevitably heat up, but there is no need to panic because humans have rich experience in dealing with large infectious diseases.
Zhang Zhaoqin analyzed that there are currently two conditions for the global epidemic popularity. One is that the frequency of human contact with these animals is high or not. Then it is the opportunity for these animals to infect viruses. The bird flu is in line with these two requirements. However, there are not only avian influenza in infectious diseases, and pigs are only beneficial to 100 viruses. Others also have Ipora virus. Even this wave of new crown epidemic comes from wild animals. These viruses may break through the line of defense. Whether the avian influenza virus will become the most important virus strain in the next wave of popularity, it is difficult to have clear answers, but it is worthy of everyone's attention and attention.
It is not allowed to prevent the virus organic. In addition to strengthening biological safety prevention and control, it is also a top priority to improve the influenza influenza monitoring and early warning system. Zhang Zhaoqin pointed out that countries should continue to monitor the virus genes of migratory birds. If there are livestock, dogs and cats, etc., they will enter relevant poultry fields, and the monitoring of dogs and cats cannot be neglected; monitoring of mice and bat It may be drilled into the poultry field; in addition, the birds near the water poultry habitat must also strengthen the virus monitoring.
Zheng Mingzhu said that at this stage, new viruses that most often cause human epidemic viruses are usually reorganized in pigs in pigs. Therefore, the pig farm is only an important monitoring object. In all links, it can reduce the threat to human health.
Writing, production and hosting: Mai Xiaotian Editor: Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/luseqingbaoyuan/grn-05112023110542.html 
Column | China Perspective: In order to avoid freedom of fear 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T11:25:17-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T11:25:17-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Li Yanhe (Fucha), the editor -in -chief of Taiwan's "Eight Banners Culture" Publishing House, was detained in mainland China Beiling Facebook picture Moderator: Chen Kuide 
Sympoters: Dr. Zhang Jie , Weekly "Nine -headed Birds: Freedom Say " founder, "YouTube" host(312-752-0875) 
1. "Evaporation on the World" reproduces China 
Recently, some knowledgeable journalists have evaporated in mainland China. Mainland China has become more and more like a magical horror world.
What goals. Finally, let's take a look at the response of overseas Chinese students to China's internal political situation.
1) Li Yanhe (Fucha) case 
Li Yanhe, chief editor of Taiwan's "Eight Banners Culture" Publishing House, was detained in mainland China.
The Beijing authorities confirmed on April 26 that a Taiwanese publisher who was missing in China had been detained for suspected violation of the National Security Law. This has triggered the cold effect of Taiwanese cultural people. The increasingly popular publishing industry in Taiwan suddenly, a large unprecedented unknown cloud was spreading, and the black clouds crowded the city to destroy.
What people immediately remembered was the "Causeway Bay Bookstore" incident in Hong Kong in 2015. The five important bookstores in the bookstore suddenly disappeared. Later, the news revealed that they were abducted by the Chinese authorities to abduct the border to the mainland.
Li Yan congratulated people 
Li Yanhe, a pseudonym, Fucha, is a publisher in Taiwan and a Chinese citizen. He has been living in Taiwan as a Taiwanese son -in -law since 2009. The Eight Banners Culture Press he operated in Taiwan is famous for publishing criticism of the CCP in Taiwan. Li Yanhe returned to China to visit relatives in early March this year. Soon after that, he evaporated, and suddenly lost contact.
In the recent tension between the Republic of China and the People's Republic of China, Li Yanhe's detention may become a new crisis point. Beijing claims that Democratic Taiwan is part of the People's Republic of China and must be unified with the CCP. However, most people in Taiwan refuse to reunification in Beijing. They hate Xi Jinping's totalitarian rule, including his overlord's hard bow, abandoned Sino -British joint statement, canceled the two systems and two systems in Hong Kong, and destroyed Hong Kong's freedom and rule of law with the Hong Kong version of the country's security law. Hong Kong, an international financial center and a free port. This is a tragedy of the rare brutal destruction of civilization in human history.
Zhu Fenglian, a spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of the Chinese Government, told reporters in Beijing on April 25 that Li Yanhe was under investigation for "suspected activities that endanger national security". She did not specify the allegations against Li Yanhe, but said that China would protect his legitimate rights.
In China, spy activities are not strictly distinguished from criticizing the CCP, and they are all crimes that violate the National Security Law. People who have been charged with such crimes may be detained for several months when they are not allowed to get in touch with their family or lawyers.
For Li Yanhe's supporters, the case is similar to the disappearance of five Hong Kong book vendors in the mainland in 2015. Chinese investigators secretly detained those Hong Kong people. They all involved a publishing house that strictly criticized Xi Jinping and other CCP leaders, and the described books described by them. One of the bookmakers Gui Minhai is still serving his sentence in China. He was sentenced to ten years in prison because he was accused of providing intelligence abroad. Other book vendors were released after public confession on Chinese official television stations.
Publisher Li Yanhe was born in Northeast China in 1971. Before moving to Taiwan, he worked in Shanghai Literature and Art Publishing House.
He was proud of his descendants of the Manchu. The Qing Dynasty established by the Manchu ethnic group ruled China from 1644 to 1912. Li Yanhe established the Eight Banners Cultural Press in Taiwan in 2009.
There are many types of books published by the Eight Banner Culture hosted by Li Yanhe, including many translation works, mainly based on mainstream non -fiction works, such as Wang Feiling, a professor of George Ya Institute of Technology, "Chinese Record: Evaluate the People's Republic of China" and Du Rusong(SH Doshi)The Chinese translation of "Long -term game: China weakens the Great Strategy of the United States and Establishs Global hegemony".
The Taiwan authorities may be difficult to contact him during the detention of Li Yanhe by the mainland, because the current cross -strait relations are tight and he is still the citizen of the People's Republic of China.
"Born in mainland China itself, it is also possible to prevent him from leaving mainland China." Lin Rongji, one of the Hong Kong scholars detained by mainland China in 2015, said that since 2019, he has lived in Taiwan. Essence He said: "Publishers in Taiwan should be careful, because you can't change China's thoughts."
Li Yanhe's wife is Taiwanese, and she refuses to discuss her husband's case publicly.
The Mainland Commission of Taiwan, which handles cross -strait relations, stated in a written statement that it is keeping close contact with Li Yanhe's family.
"For the handling of this case," the committee said, "the government will use all methods and channels to provide the most appropriate care and assistance on the premise of respecting their families."
2) Yang Zhiyuan case 
Similar to the above -mentioned Li Yanhe case, this is also a case of political colors. Chinese prosecutors said on April 25 that Taiwanese man Yang Zhiyuan was officially arrested by the mainland authorities, and he was accused of "sin the country." Yang Zhiyuan is the vice chairman of the Taiwan National Party. Zhu Fenglian, a spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, said that the Yang Zhiyuan case "further sounds the alarm clock of severe punishment of the" Taiwan independence "split forces."
Yang Zhiyuan (January 21, 1990) is a politician and social movement from Taiwan, and founded the Taiwan National Party. On August 3, 2022, it was arrested and detained by public security during the business residence in Fujian, mainland China.
On August 3, 2022, Yang Zhiyuan was criminally arrested by the National Security Bureau of Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province of the People's Republic of China on the grounds of "suspected split national crimes and inciting split state crimes". The State Council spokesman Ma Xiaoguang responded that night that "the national security organs took measures on Taiwan independence elements who were suspected of endangering national security crimes in accordance with the law, which fully illustrates all the" Taiwan independence "stubborn stubborn elements that are tried on the law and cannot escape the severe punishment of national laws, but the Republic of China The Executive Yuan stated that the Ministry of Justice and the MAC have not yet received a Chinese notification.
Former Taoyuan City Councilor Wang Haoyu said in social media that Yang Zhiyuan had developed in China before his arrest. Wang Haoyu said that about one or two years ago, he settled there with "White Wolf" (referring to Zhang Anle) to visit China, and he settled there, thinking that he had been separated from the Taiwan independence camp and joined the CCP.
Yang Zhiyuan's friend Wu Baiwei said that according to his understanding, Yang went to mainland China this time "should be participating in Go competitions, and some business activities, political beliefs are not Taiwan independence."Yang Zhiyuan is another Taiwanese who lived by China after Li Mingzhe.
On September 16, 2022, the mainland committee of the Republic of China support Yang Zhiyuan, saying that it should be innocent and called on the CCP authorities to release its return to Taiwan.
On April 25, 2023, the case of Yang Zhiyuan was investigated by the National Security Bureau of Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province, and was transferred to the Wenzhou Procuratorate for review and prosecution. The procuratorial organs of Zhejiang Province approved the arrest of Yang Zhiyuan.
Yang Zhiyuan Zheng Juan
Yang Zhiyuan joined the Democratic Progressive Party in 2008. One year later, he realized that there was a huge gap in the national consciousness of the pan -green camp and the pan -blue camp. He has also exchanged with the unified independence parties; he believes that the two sides of the strait should maintain friendly relations and promote democratization in mainland China. He believes that the population on both sides of the strait belongs to Chinese society, and do not fight against China because of anti -communist. His friend Wu Baiwei said that "Yang should be the same in theory"; many blue camps said that Yang was arrested "incredible".
In 2016, the slogan of "national supremacy, third position, resolute anti -communist and resistance".
In November 2019, as a nomination of the party's non -district legislators on one side, Yang Zhiyuan said that he could not recognize Hong Xiuzhu's "one middle and same table", and also believed that Cai Yingwen's cross -strait policy "did not have his own opinion". The president implements a country on both sides of the strait. " In addition, Yang Zhiyuan rebuked the Democratic Progressive Party to "have no small roads" and called on the party to vote to the small party to allow the small party to enter the Legislative Yuan. "Don't let the DPP continue arrogant."
Zhou Chongde, president of the 908 Taiwan National Movement, said that Yang did not develop in Taiwan, and it was likely that he was seduced to mainland China. He happened to be arrested for foreign propaganda when he met Perosi to visit Taiwan. Perlus left Taiwan in the afternoon, and the authorities in the evening of China announced that the authorities arrested a Taiwanese. (RFA report)
3) Dong Yuyu case 
Dong Yuyu, deputy director of the comment department of the CPC Central Committee, was taken away by the police more than a year ago by the police more than a year ago. The recent defendant of his family will be sued for spy. Although Dong Yuyu has served the official media in the system for many years, it is known for its liberal tendencies and support for reform and opening up, and frequently contacts foreign journalists and diplomats in China. Dong's supporters firmly believe that what he does is normal communication. The so -called spy crime is another heavy attack that the CCP has tightened the space of speech and suppress the disagreement in recent years.
Dong Yuyu, deputy director of the comment department of Guangming Daily, one of the most influential official media in China, was taken away by the police with a police officer with a Japanese diplomat with a Japanese diplomat on February 21, 2022. The Japanese diplomat was also taken away and released a few hours later. The Japanese government protested this incident, and the Chinese government responded to this diplomat engaged in a "inconsistent" activity with him.
On March 23, 2023, Dong Yuyu's family was told that he would face the crime of spy. The silent family has always decided to disclose the matter recently. Dong Yuyu has not been allowed to meet his family for more than a year, and only met with a lawyer once.
Active Liberal Reporter -Dong Yuyu 
61 -year -old Dong Yuyu was originally born in Fushun, Liaoning. After graduating from the Law Department of Peking University in 1987, he joined the Guangming Daily. In 1989, Dong was decentralized for one year for participating in the June 4th protest, and then returned to the Guangming Daily. He wrote an article for the historical magazine "Yan Huang Chunqiu" and wrote a comment on the New York Times Chinese website. In 2006, Dong Yuyu won the Niman News Scholarship at Harvard University in the United States and visited Harvard for one year. He also served as a visiting scholar at Kyoto University and Hokkaido University in Japan.
As a liberal reporter, Dong Yuyu often wrote a comment article on liberal tendencies, and has often maintained close connection with foreign media and diplomats for many years.
** International Sound in China
More than 60 scholars, journalists and intellectuals from all over the world signed an open letter to treat Dong Yuyu fairly. Sign signs include Bob Woodword, a senior reporter of the Washington Post in the Washington Post(BobWoodward)Former "Wall Street Journal", former Vice National Security Counselor of the White House(Matthew Pottinger), Orville Schell, an expert in China who went to China in the 1970s.
The open letter said: "Just like all reporters around the world, Dong Yuyu often meets other countries, journalists, and scholars, including some of us. Our meeting plans are often agreed on WeChat, and it has always been always. Public, the place of meeting is all public places. "
"Some of us are Dong Yuyu's classmates when studying abroad, such as Harvard Niman scholars in 2007. We appreciate Dong Yuyu's open humorous character and insight into world issues. Chinese cultural messenger. "
"All of us can prove that Dong Yuyu has a high degree of academic ethics and standards. We have conducted frank and open exchanges on each other's country and the world situation. This communication is part of the normal 'civil diplomacy'. Support. "
The open letter calls on the Chinese government to re -consider the severe punishment that Dong Yuyu may face: "The contact with foreign diplomats, journalists, and scholars should not be the reason for constituting a spy. Scholars and diplomats meet? "
Founded in 1908, the "American National News Club" in Washington(American PressClub)A statement on this matter was issued on April 24. The statement said: "Through his work, Dong Yuyu allows the world to better understand China and let China understand the life of the United States and Japan. Dong Yuyu is a reporter with outstanding results. . We call on the Chinese government to revoke the complaint and release Dong Yuyu. "
Silent game in the system 
Dong Yuyu often wrote comments on economic affairs in the Guangming Daily, and the article often revealed his reform and liberal ideological tendency.
In 2012, Dong Yuyu expressed China's claim in the article "Why the Republic becomes the Great of History" written by the historical magazine "Yan Huang Chunqiu", which expresses the claim that China needs to establish constitutional government. He said in the text: "Freedom, security, order, efficiency and other values provided by the constitutional and democratic system, freedom is undoubtedly the most important value"; In the beginning, it is the system design of its depression and distorted humanity. "
In July 2012, Dong Yuyu wrote an article entitled "I want to send my son to the United States to study university" for the New York Times Chinese website. In the text, Dong Yuyu quoted the observation of the New Year columnist Thomas Friedman: More and more foreign immigrants chose to go to the United States for education. The United States is still the biggest magnet in the world. Dong Yuyu himself is one of the many parents who sent their children to the United States. His son's elite middle school Beijing No. 4 Middle School. One -third of students hope that after graduating from high school, they will abandon Chinese universities after graduating from high school and go directly to the United States to study university.
Wu Yanlai, a scholar who lives overseas, said that some "different voices" can occasionally see "different voices" on Chinese official media because some people like Dong Yuyu are working hard. "Although the Central Propaganda Department has his extremely left -left thinking or the set of language expression used by the leftist, the right to writing and the right to publish in the editor of the front line. Some people like Mr. Dong are there, and he has some measurement. There are some enlightenedness, or there will be more things that are in line with universal values. It is not the wind above, the upper level is open, not the editor and director of the bottom line, their representative and position decision decide of."Dong Yuyu's family said in a statement that Dong was neither spy nor as a foreign agent. The exchanges between scholars, journalists and diplomats in Japan, the United States and other countries can be traced back to more than 20 years ago. It is open and bright, and it is part of normal knowledge and cultural exchanges that China has encouraged for many years.
Wu Yilai did not think that Dong Yuyu had any "spy" behavior. He said: "As a media person and a commentator, Mr. Dong cannot contact deep secrets, but only exchanged some of his own views. But that's such a thing, they can go online. Many of them have a lot of places to eat. The monitoring device, or the phone monitor. He can characterize you as leaked by the content of the content you communicated. "
Dong Yuyu's family said in a statement that it is unclear about specific trial time. According to the current criminal law of China, if a spy is convicted, the plot is milder may be in prison for less than three years or less; those who endanger national security will be sentenced to more than ten years in prison or life imprisonment.
2. The basic characteristics of the case 
1. Beijing cross -border long -arm suppression(The detainees are the Taiwan citizens of the Republic of China, the son -in -law of Taiwan who have lived in Taiwan for a long time, and the citizen of the People's Republic of China ...) 
** 2. The Chinese Communist Party focuses on the extinguishing heresy thought and free knowledge.
3. Xi Jin's plane facing isolation, China is moving towards martial arts, seeking to regulate during quasi -war. 
4. "Spy Law" has made China enter the era of martial arts in quasi -war. The crime of spy has become a crime of pocket- "No need" charges 
On April 24, the draft of the Anti -Spy Law was requested to the third session of the 14th National People's Congress Standing Committee of the 14th National People's Congress. According to Chinese official news reports, the three draft draft drafts further improved the regulations on cyber spies and clarified the behavior of cyber spy.
In fact, it has greatly expanded the boundary between the "spy" definition, blurred "confidential intelligence," and "and" and "objections". The spiritual environment of the quasi -Cultural Revolution: the knowledge elite and the entrepreneur group are cold. The silent China appeared in anti -intellectualism. The anxiety of the security of the regime has made Beijing increasingly lock the country. This will strengthen the barriers and hostility between mainland China and the mainstream international community, creating an increasingly unsafe and isolation international environment for the CCP.
Three, the overseas effect of suppressing the intellectual industry 
The East is not bright and West Light: overseas Chinese students began to organize their sounds. Similar to the situation of overseas students who came forward after Hu Yaobang's death in 1989. 

(... In our campus, the demands on citizens' rights and academic freedom are higher than that of the waves. With the beginning of the White Paper Revolution at the end of November last year, many of them and hundreds of other Chinese students from the University of George Washington participated. The night guarding and protests elsewhere elsewhere in Kogan Plaza and other parts of Washington. Expression and behavior, but lacks space that allows free expression.
With this understanding, we announced the establishment of the George Washington University Independent Chinese Student Union -Toronto Potomak. In general, we hope to provide Chinese students and scholars at the University of George Washington University and Chinese youths scattered in a larger scale, and provide a organizational platform, social support and community independent of the Communist Party of China and its puppets. In addition, we also welcome students who are interested in Chinese culture, politics and identity from various backgrounds.
Our priority is still to protect the students of George Washington University from being influenced by the Federation of Federation and the CCP, and to promote the comprehensive withdrawal of companies from companies participating in the Uyghur racial extinction and the company that supports the CCP. Part of ethical reconstruction. For a long time, the Federation and similar organizations have maintained the monopoly of the culture and political representatives of Chinese students. As we all know, Xuelian cooperates with the Communist Party of China and its puppets and accepts its leadership. It has announced this in its promotional video. More widely known among Chinese students at the University of George Washington University that they are led by the Third Generation and the rich two generations. Their moral deficit burst, and the transparency is zero. For example, in the past few years, they even misappropriated their membership of their members who should be used in the Internet and employment -related activities. The leaders of the Leadership Federation bragged their activities to participate in the Chinese Embassy and had dinner with the ambassador. These people's monopoly power is not because they provide an attractive vision or a respectable administrative ability. The academic federation protects its monopoly position by intimidation, surveillance, extortion, and other forms of suppression and threats of violence-especially through fear.
Lu Xun once wrote: "There is a point of heat, and a point of light will make the fireflies average. You can also send a little light in the dark without waiting for the torch fire. If there is no torch, I am the only light." In view of the CCP, The oppression of the Xuelian and the cold blood of school management, we no longer wait for the torch, but decided to ignite Mars on the bank of the Poto Mark. ...)
Roryo'Connor, chairman of the American Student Organization "Athenai Institute", told VOA in the United States that the destruction of the "democratic wall" "is equivalent to letting those almost no other ways can safely express their opinions safely Students whispered. "
The "Athens Society" is committed to promoting the interests of American universities to get rid of the interests with China and protecting the academic and speech freedom of the school. The "Athens Society" supports the establishment of the George Washington University Independent Chinese Student Union.
"Our time and resources are rarely used than supporting Chinese democratic students. They are now facing the agent of the fascist party state because they try to truly express themselves."
In addition to the "Athens Society", some student organizations at the University of George Washington have also expressed support for the Independent Student Union, including the Campus Democratic Party and Republican Organizations, GW Chinese Feminist (GW UyGhur Human Rights Initiative) and Uyghur Human Rights Initiative. GW Russianspeaking Association.
In the statement, the independent student union stated that the school's Chinese Student and Scholars Federation (CSSA) is the main force that suppress them to express political appeals: "Our priority is still the students who protect George Washington University are not affected by the Federation of Federation and the CCP ... For a long time, the Xuelian and similar organizations have maintained the monopoly of the culture and political representatives of Chinese students. "
** 2) Established "Citizenship" in May 2022, Toronto, Canada.
A wave of protests caused by 1987 and 1989 when Hu Yaobang was reinforced and died, and the wave of protests in overseas Chinese students overseas gradually began to rise from 2022-2023, which can be regarded as the spiritual trend of Chinese intellectual circles. We believe that this righteousness of overseas Chinese students will soon be popular to form a fire of Liaoyuan.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zhongguotoushi/panel-05112023112439.html 
Italy's statement to the United States: intentionally withdrawn from the "Belt and Road" project in China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T11:30:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T14:02:00-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png ", " 000003.png ", " 000004.png "]
 The Italian Prime Minister Giorgiameloni on May 4th, the Speaker of the Federal House of House of Representatives, who visited Rome on May 4, stated that her government supported the "Belt and Road" cooperation by the end of the year before the end of the year. Giorgia Meloni Twitter According to Bloomberg, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni told the US Federal House Speaker Kevinmccarthy a few days ago that her government supported the "Belt and Road" cooperation project to withdraw from China before the end of the year.
Pakistani worker large -scale demonstration protests against China's "Belt and Road" engineer humiliation US Report: "Belt and Road" hidden debt is as high as 385 billion US dollars What should I do if the multi -country is unable to repay huge debt China? ****
Bloomberg quoted people familiar with the matter on May 9 that Italian Prime Minister Merrusy said on the 4th to the Speaker of the US Federal House of Representatives McCarthy visiting Rome on the 4th that although the case has not yet been finalized, the Italian government intends to withdraw from the "Belt and Road" project by the end of the year. Renew the contract with Beijing.
 The Italian Prime Minister Giorgiameloni on May 4th, Kevinmccarthy, Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, visited Rome, stated that her government supported the "Belt and Road" cooperation by the end of the year. (Giorgia Meloni Twitter) [] Former Italian Prime Minister GiuseputConte signed the "Belt and Road" memorandum with the Chinese side during the visit of Xi Jinping in 2019 to become the first member of the seven major industrial states (G7), causing the US and European to expand economic influence in Europe.
According to a comprehensive report, Italy did not boost the economy because of this. Although the total exports to China increased to 16.4 billion euros in 2022, an increase of 26 % from 13 billion euros in 2019. 100 million euros, nearly doubled. In 2022, Italy's trade deficit with China reached 41.1 billion euros, an increase of 1.2 times over the 18.7 billion deficit in 2019.
Melonney said last year that signing the "Belt and Road" memo with China was the "big mistake" of the former government.
 Giorgiameloni. (Data photo/Reuters) Zhang Mengren, an associate professor and director of the Department of Italian University of Furen University, was interviewed by Radio Free Asia. Italy sold some oranges at most in Sicily, and many major developments have not been carried out. But the closeness of Italy and China could not be torn immediately. Melonney said that she would cut off relationships with China, and she has always clarified that she has to maintain a good relationship with the United States. It is reported that China may retaliate if not renewed.
** Scholars: The Melony government is looking for the most favorable solutions in Italy through the wind.
Zhang Mengren said: "Italy does not want to offend China, and may not renew its mouth in the mouth. In fact, it is waiting for China to valuation. If China gives greater benefits, maybe the" Belt and Road "upgrade to a two -o'clock version. It may be revealed to the United States that the United States may also may also be the United States. It will give it to Italy. Italy has recently discussed chip problems with Taiwan. If Taiwan chips and the United States can assists at the same time, Melonney can make a real decision. "
Zhang Mengren believes that Italy may not want to offend China, but also sign an economic agreement with China to replace the "Belt and Road". At the time, Italy's joining the "Belt and Road" caused French President Macron and many countries such as the United States.
Bloomberg reported last month that Italian officials hinted to Taiwan privately that they might be willing to withdraw from the "Belt and Road" to seek Taiwan assistance to promote the progress of Italian semiconductor technology.
At this time, Melonney took the lead in exiting the "Belt and Road". What is the confidence? 
Ye Yaoyuan, a professor at the International Research Lecture of St. Tomas University, was interviewed by Radio Free Asia that the United States is now doing the global production chain reorganization. Although Italy does not necessarily compare with Germany, some precision technology belongs to Italy proprietary Advanced automobile manufacturing industry, etc. Is it possible for the United States to include Italy into the global production and supply chain, which is very helpful to the future of Italy, but the premise is that Italy is biased towards China or trade with the United States? This is the biggest choice. It must be possible for US diplomacy and business sectors to operate behind.
Ye Yaoyuan pointed out that the "Belt and Road" is not a free subsidy or aid. Through the China Investment Bank's loan to developing countries, many cases have no ability to repay. China requires a port or the concession railway. Italy should want to make the crisis not erupt in advance.Ye Yaoyuan analyzed that when China Investment Bank faces these challenges, it must be drawn away from funds, but it is not easy to draw away. Many national infrastructure construction in China invested in the "Belt and Road" national infrastructure, many of them are contracted by Chinese companies, and money returns to the Chinese. If China draws funds, it will affect Chinese companies. The short -term goal of Melonney should be to let go of diplomacy, and debt is not easy to break.
Will Italy's exit of the "Belt and Road" will set off the bone effect? 
Ye Yaoyuan believes that if Italy really withdraws from the "Belt and Road", it will not set off the bone card effect in a short time: "At this stage, the country that needs to be selected by the border station, the road of the Indo -Pacific Strategy Zone, and sporadic European countries will gradually compete in the United States, China, and China. Choose a specific block and slowly pull it out from the control of China, but it will not be the result of instant reversal. For these developing countries, I hope that the United States and China will take it. They also recognize the United States and China. The confrontation has nothing to do with their interests. Of course, it will be extremely free, and find a way to get the benefits of both sides from it. "
 On March 23, 2019, Chinese President Xi Jinping (left) and former Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte held the signing ceremony of the Memorandum of understanding the "Belt and Road" initiative in Rome. (Associated Press) Ye Yaoyuan mentioned that China ’s investment in Italy is not infrastructure, but textile factories, clothing factories or car parts factories.
Zhang Mengren also evaluated that the so -called "southern countries" that will be affected by Italy's exit belong to the Western countries, such as Latin America, Africa, Sri Lanka, and Central Asian countries, which are less affected.
In addition, the World Bank President David Malpass said on the 8th that many low -income countries carried huge loans in the "Belt and Road" back to China, and more than 70 low -income countries borne The above countries have fallen into or endangered debt difficulties, including Zambia, Ethiopia and Ghana. If China has not reorganized debts, it will put pressure on the political system of various countries. The World Bank predicts that the global economic growth rate will be less than 2%this year.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting He Ping.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx2-05112023093245.html 
The Australian Minister of Trade has begun to visit China today to restore trade is the focus of talks 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T12:04:00Z
Description: The Australian Minister of Trade arrived in Beijing on Thursday and will hold talks with the Chinese Minister of Commerce. The Australian side is working hard to let China eliminate trade barriers and restore the stable development of bilateral diplomatic relations.
Videos: []
Images: [" 51379312_303.jpg ", " 63763964_401.jpg ", " 56492674_401.jpg "]
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: ['德中关系', '澳大利亚', '汉诺威工业博览会', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '移民难民', '中国', '中共十九大', '人权']
Keywords: ['澳大利亚', '中国', '澳中关系', '人权', '成蕾', '贸易', '关税', '新冠溯源调查']
Id: 65591021
 (Voice of Germany Chinese) Don Farrell, Minister of Trade in Australia, said that he will meet with Chinese Minister of Commerce Wang Wentao in Beijing and strive to "fully restore the trade in various fields in Australia. It is beneficial and in line with the interests of exporters and manufacturers in Australia. "
Farrell said to reporters before flying to Beijing that both Australia and China have the willingness to improve the relationship, but they still need to pay more efforts. He said: "The establishment of a strong trade relationship between Australia and China is the greatest contribution to the realization of peace and stability in the region."
China is the largest trading partner in Australia. In 2022, the total bilateral trade was 287 billion AUD 287 billion (equivalent to $ 195 billion), including the irreplaceable Australian iron ore in the Chinese market. Nevertheless, the Australian Minister of Trade has not visited China since 2019.
The Chinese Ministry of Commerce said Farrell will stay in China to Saturday. China said that it was hoped that Farrell's visit will "further consolidate the" important consensus' "that the leaders of the two sides have achieved during the Bali G20 summit last November last year.
 During the Bali G20 summit last year, China -Australia's leaders met and reached a series of "important consensus'".
Spokesperson of the Chinese Ministry of Commerce said: "China expects that China and Australia can exchange opinions on the development of bilateral economic and trade and promote the exchange of relations between the two countries." The Minister of Trade, China and Australia, will also co -host the 16th China -Australian Minister of Economic Union. Meeting. The meeting of the Economic Joint Committee of China and Australia was held in 1986 for the first time. With the intensification of diplomatic friction between the two parties, the meeting has been interrupted since 2017.
Since 2020, China has begun import restrictions on wine, beef, barley, coal, seafood and wood from Australia. Australia's request to launch a new crown traceability survey has caused strong dissatisfaction in Beijing. Soon after that, Australian reporter Cheng Lei was arrested for harmful national security. In addition, Canberra also excludes the products of Huawei, a Chinese network equipment manufacturer, from the national security considerations.
After the Labor government came to power in May 2022, although the Australian government did not change the policy of security review for foreign investment, However, Australian -China diplomatic relations still show signs of relief.
 Australian Chinese reporter Cheng Lei has been detained by China for more than a thousand days.
Last week, Australian Prime Minister Albanis said in an interview with British television that his government would not participate in the "statement against China". Farrell said: "What makes the Australian government happy is that the trade of coal, cotton, and copper ore has begun to recover, and China has also agreed to review the tariffs on Australian barley."
Australian customs data shows that in the first few months of this year, Australia had exported copper ore and copper concentrate worth $ 40 million to China, which was the first time since 2020 resumed exports to China.
Farrell said that during his visit to China, he also talked about other "important topics for Australia to the main". It is generally believed that the above topic may involve cases related to human rights.
Albanis said that Australia will continue to pay attention to the fate of Australian journalist Cheng Lei, who has been detained for more than a thousand days.
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/澳大利亚贸易部长今起访华-恢复贸易是会谈重点/a-65591021?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Apple's abuse of the APP market advantage was stared at by the Italian regulatory authorities 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T12:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T12:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Rome, 11th) The Italian anti -Toras regulatory authorities said today that the US technology giant Apple (Apple) is suspected of abuse in the application (APP) market, and has launched investigations on the company.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Italian Competitive Affairs Supervision Authority stated in a statement that Apple's privacy policy adopted for the third -party application developer is stricter than its own applications. "
The Italian authorities also said that the third party developers and advertisers are also concerned about "the quality of data obtained from Apple".
The "charged discrimination" may lead to a decrease in advertising revenue of the third party advertiser, and block competitors from entering or staying in the application development and distribution market, and then Hui Apple's own applications. Apple announced the revenue of US $ 94.8 billion in the first three months of this year, with a profit of 24 billion US dollars.
The business behavior of the American technology giant is gradually facing relevant European authorities to enlarge and review, while facing fine fines and legislations to curb its market monopoly position.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230511-%E8%8B%B9%E6%9E%9C%E6%B6%89%E6%BB%A5%E7%94%A8app%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E4%BC%98%E5%8A%BF-%E9%81%AD%E4%B9%89%E5%A4%A7%E5%88%A9%E7%9B%91%E7%AE%A1%E5%BD%93%E5%B1%80%E7%9B%AF%E4%B8%8A 
Studies: The degree of rising levels of glaciers to the sea level of the sea may be underestimated 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T13:08
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:17
Description: The world's second largest ice cover Greenland Ice Cjid has melted rapidly, which has aroused people's concerns about the rise of the sea level and its impact on the environment. A new study shows that the degree of rising sea level rising in the future due to the polar glacier meitation may be underestimated. The University of California California Owen and other institutions ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['冰川', '海平面上升', '研究']
The world's second largest ice cover Greenland Ice Cjid has melted rapidly, which has aroused people's concerns about the rise of the sea level and its impact on the environment. A new study shows that the degree of rising sea level rising in the future due to the polar glacier meitation may be underestimated.
Researchers from the University of California and Owen, the University of California used the relevant data collected by satellites to migrate a major marine glacier in the northwest of Greenland -Peter Man Glacier (the dividing line of the glacier floating part and the grounding part) and the ice. Observation and analysis of the melting speed was performed.
In the traditional predictive ice cover melting model with sea levels, the glacier ground line will not migrate with the tidal cycle, and the ground wire ice layer will not melt. Researchers reported in the new issue of the American Academy of Sciences that the ground line of Peter Man Glacier will change with the tidal cycle and form a wide "area". Due to the impact of global warming, the warm seawater invades under the glacier and melts the ice layer of the "area" at a faster speed.
Eric Ricinho, author of the University of California, Geoconnism at the University of California, said that the interaction between ice and ocean makes glaciers more sensitive to seawater warming. If the traditional prediction of the rising ice cover melting model will consider this new discovery, the prediction of the glacier melting will cause the sea level to rise. Researchers suggested that, given the important role of the "area" in glaciers, in the future, the interaction between glaciers and oceans in the region should be further studied in detail.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393381 
Isn't the military port be too close? Kirn and Qingdao Friendship City Plan for Disputes 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T13:08:00Z
Description: Many German cities have friendly cities with Chinese cities. Gangkou city Kiri and Qingdao may become the next pair, but under the background of cooling down from Germany and China, the rising awareness of security precautions, the relevant plans are opposed and resistant to local circles. On May 11th, the General Assembly of the Kier City Council will discuss whether to set up an expert group to review plans to build a friendly city with Qingdao.
Videos: []
Images: [" 59088054_303.jpg ", " 18046205_303.jpg ", " 18046215_303.jpg ", " 18046216_303.jpg ", " 18046217_303.jpg ", " 18046222_303.jpg ", " 18046221_303.jpg ", " 18046225_303.jpg ", " 18046236_303.jpg ", " 18046233_303.jpg ", " 18046228_303.jpg ", " 18046226_303.jpg ", " 54575876_401.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['基尔', '青岛', '海军', '潜艇', '安全风险', '军事技术', '友好城市', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65591634
 Kil is the military port of Bali in Germany
(Voice of Germany Chinese) in March of this year, the Kiel City Government and China [] The plan of the city's associated partners' urban relations has been announced and controversy follows. Opponents believe that Kir, a German Navy's important port, must be very cautious when dealing with China and cannot open the door.
Antoniagrage, a representative of the conservative CDU (CDU) and mayor candidate in the Kill City Council, is one of the first objection. "Do you have to choose China (city)?" She questioned and pointed out that, in view of the continuous worsening of China's authoritarianism, she hopes to strengthen "people's mutual understanding" is just a naive wish. Sports enthusiasts, but loyal to the party cadres, "told the reporter of the South German will.
From sailing to the submarine 
The official connection between Kirr and Qingdao's two cities really began in the sailing movement. More than ten years ago, in order to prepare for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, Qingdao Qingdao, the host of the sailing project, sought consultation and help from Kiel, who had hosted the event, and began contact and exchanges. Similar to Qingdao, Kiel is not only a pleasant coastal city, but also an important military port and marine science research base in Germany. Here are the bases of the German Baltic Fleet, a number of military and marine science research institutes including a NATO research institution, as well as shipyards and submarine docks.
Joachimkrause, a professor at the Institute of Security Policy of Kiri University, told Northern Germany's will that maintaining a close relationship with China means a higher security risk for the city of Kil, because the other party is used to using partnerships and academic academics and academic academics The cooperation in the field of research is to collect information. Specifically, Kirn is the sensitive information involving submarine technology and underwater war.
Overlooking Germany: Kiri Wharf 
According to the "South German will", the suggestion of establishing a partner city comes from Qingdao. Clazer's fight, saying that this is like the main port of the Russian Navy's main port Molmansk proposed to establish a partnership relationship with Kirn, "Then our first reaction will be: don't worry, wait a minute!" Fang can choose to take the initiative to protect themselves as much as possible for the collection of information in China.
Qingdao is the military port of the Beihai Fleet in China. The Kirn Security Policy Research Institute has called on the municipal government to make careful consideration of plans to be friendly cities.
Marine technology in Germany is "tedious" 
Klazer also pointed out that Kiro's Oceanic Research Center (Geomar) is also the goal of China that China will be interested in, because many civil technology research can also be used in the military field. However, Martinvisbeck, a senior scholar who has participated in international cooperation for many years, said that for Geomar, it is too much to talk about "risks". The underwater technology involved in the military industry is a mature technology that is open in the world market. "For spy, we are quite tedious here." However, he added that the center "Of course," of course, "of course," of course, "of course," of course, "the center will not share with third parties. technology". According to him, the research center has been more than ten doctoral students from China for many years.
* #####: colonies Qingdao
century memory 
Today, a century ago, on November 7, 1914, the Qingdao Germans surrendered to the Japanese army. In this way, Germany lost the "model colony" in Qingdao. The photos taken by German soldiers Paulpraßer at the time revealed the special chapter of Sino -German relations from a rare angle.
* #####: colonies Qingdao
forced to sign a contract 
In November 1897, after the two German missionaries were murdered, William II sent warships to sail the Far East and force China to sign a 99 -year rental contract.
* #####: colonies Qingdao
German architecture 
After occupying Qingdao, Germany plans to create a "model colony", showing Germany's technical strength. Therefore, a small fishing village soon developed into a modern city. However, the lives of Germans and Chinese are strictly separated. However, the so -called Chinese region is also built in accordance with the regulations of Germany.
* #####: colonies Qingdao
"Guli" 
Even after 100 years, when many post -built modern sewage treatment facilities faced the collapse of the flood system, the sewage treatment system built that year could still resist the invasion of floods. Qingdao people have been intimately called the manhole cover as "ancient power", which is the transliteration of the German "manhole cover" Gully.
* #####: colonies Qingdao
Keeping traditional 
At that time, Germany's garrison in Qingdao sometimes reached up to 5,000 soldiers. Even away from their hometown, the Germans hope to maintain some German traditions, such as New Year's Eve celebrations on the picture (unknown shooting time). How can the Germans be beer when they are carnival ...
* #####: colonies Qingdao
German Beer 
Since 1903, the "Nagriman Brewery" made in accordance with the German beer brewing method. Today, Tsingtao Beer is the world's most sold beer.
* #####: colonies Qingdao
old photo 
The harmonious photos of the Germans and the Chinese atmosphere cannot cover up a fact: the Germans are non -outer rulers who are not invited.
* #####: colonies Qingdao
oppression of colonies 
Disclosure and oppression will be staged every day.#####: colonies Qingdao
to welcome the bride 
In Qingdao, the two worlds suddenly collided together. However, the Chinese are allowed to maintain their own tradition. The picture was the wedding ceremony at the time, and the sedan came to welcome the bride.
* #####: colonies Qingdao
prosperous market 
Like now, the free bazaar at the time was lively. There are vendors selling vegetables and grains. The Chinese diet tradition has not changed.
* #####: colonies Qingdao
Changing times 
The fortune teller claims to know the future. At that time, less than 100 years later, Germany and China became a close trading partner who was sitting and flattened.
Hans-Wernertovar, the current mayor of Kiel, who advocates a good associative with Qingdao, emphasized that the purpose of friendly cities is to promote exchanges and people's mutual understanding and eliminate prejudice. Fields. There are more than a hundred cities in Germany in China [] For example, Burger and Shanghai, Bhilai, Dalian, Berlin and Beijing.
He introduced the "South German will" that when the city council discussed the issue of friendly cities in March this year, he did not avoid the problem. Instead, he talked about people's negative perceptions of China: infringement of human rights, suppressing ethnic minorities, and. Threats, support for Russia in the Ukrainian war, and so on. But he still believes that there is no better way to promote dialogue and understanding. In the subsequent voting, the proposal was approved, and only Grag's CDU voted for the vote. But public opinion disputes are getting worse.
How to prevent it 
The New York Times reported that the anxiety caused by this incident in Kirn showed that Germany's views on China are changing, especially after the invasion of Ukraine in Russia -this is not only because of Beijing's support for Moscow. One of Germany's largest submarine manufacturer, Titsis Krupp Ocean Systems, is leading a joint venture with Norway to build six new submarines. The shipbuilding company has 3,500 employees in Kir. According to two people who directly understand the situation, their managers admitted privately that they were worried.
 Military sensitive information is too dense?
Sandra Heipp, director of the China Center of Budi Mei, pointed out that the communication and interaction brought by urban cooperation is worthy of recognition, but she reminded that in China, strict prevention measures are needed. "It is absolutely necessary to ensure that this will not lead to sensitive information, especially the useful information that may be useful for the Chinese military to China, especially when the risk of China's attacking Taiwan is rising."
Mayor Tova admitted to North Germany Will Radio, "Of course, especially the risk of spy activities for shipyards. I also know that some military experts are talking about that partner city relations may bring new potential military risks . "But he didn't think this was directly related to the planned city in the plan:" If the Chinese want to conduct spy activities, they must not need to pass the urban partnership. "
At the General Assembly of the Kier City Council on May 11, a proposal proposed by the CDU will be discussed: the establishment of an expert group to review the friendly urban relationship with Qingdao, if necessary, terminate the plan. Mayor Tova had previously revealed that the final decision was made in June this year.
(Deguang Lian, Nande will, New York Times)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/军港不宜太亲密？基尔与青岛友好城市计划引争议/a-65591634?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Exclusive: American MP proposal formulating the Indo -Pacific Blood Plan to prevent China ’s air strike in Taiwan 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T13:21:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T15:09:30-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
 American Senator Rubio proposed the "2023 Fighting China Pioneer Act" to Congress, which aims to strengthen the protection of military facilities in the United States and Taiwan in Indo -Pacific to resist China's potential air strikes. Reuters information picture On Thursday, American Senator Rubyo proposed the "2023 Fighting China Pioneer Act" to Congress, which aims to strengthen the protection of military facilities in the United States and Taiwan in Indo -Pacific to resist China's potential air strikes.
Four Kingdoms India -Pacific Joint Military Express refers to Chinese hegemonism The United States, Britain, Japan, Canada Six New Lotus Military Express Indo -Pacific "NATO" collective defense deterrence in China * *
In this exclusive news, the United States Republican Senate Marco Rubio (Marco Rubio) proposed the "2023 DeterringChine Premptive Strikes Act OF2023" in Congress on May 11. The bill requires the US Department of Defense to formulate aim of the purpose of formulating its purpose. In the bunter plan to protect the aviation facilities in the Indo -Pacific region to deal with China's potentially combating Taiwan air.
The draft version obtained by the reporter of this station shows that the bill indicates that the US Secretary of Defense conducts a classification investigation and determines that in the Indo -Pacific region, including the various American aviation bunkers deployed by the first, second, and third island chains, and improved its defense capabilities In order to reduce the damage caused by Chinese missiles, air drones, and other forms of attacks, and prepare for the Chinese martial arts criminals.
 Profile picture: On March 19, 2023, Han and Mei held an air joint exercise. The U.S. Air Force B-1B strategic bomber flew over the peninsula. (Associated Press) The draft shows that once the bill passes the legislation, the US Minister of Defense shall submit an investigation report to the Aegis bunker in the Indo -Pacific region within 120 days after the law promulgated by the law. Within 60 days after the report is submitted, the Minister of Defense also needs to submit specific plans to the committee to implement the improvement of related aircraft bunkers and improve the survivability of the U.S. Air Force in the Indo -Pacific Air Force under the attack of Chinese missiles, drones and other forms.
The draft is planned by the Senate military commission (ARMED Service Committee).
Rubio's office told this station that the United States is committed to assisting Taiwan to defend to prevent the aggression of the CCP regime that is performed by racial extinction. Previously, the development of the American Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center (CSIS) and other institutions showed that the strategy that China may adopt before invading Taiwan includes a missile attack on the U.S. military base in the Indo -Pacific region to suppress the potential to the United States to intervene in the potential Taiwan Strait. conflict.
In the written response to this station, Senator Rubio said: "Hope is not a strategy, we need to actively protect our military facilities worldwide. To strengthen our facilities in the Indo -Pacific region, it is to protect our interests. And prevent the common sense of hostile action against the United States and allies. "
In February this year, after the Chinese spy balloon through the United States, public opinion generally hoped that the incident would promote the implementation of anti -countermeasures to respond to China. However, Reuters quoted earlier on the 11th that sources revealed that internal emails show that the US State Department has postponed human rights to sanctions, export control and other sensitive actions related to human rights, which has caused strong concern for American legislators such as Lubero.
The US President Biden said many times since taking office that if the Communist Party of China committed to Taiwan, the United States will be defended by Taiwan. As of now, the Bayeng administration has announced nine military sales against Taiwan. In March of this year, the latest approval of the Taiwan military sales of Taiwan was as high as US $ 619 million, including many advanced equipment for the US Air Force. However, the progress of the United States' defense against Taiwan is not smooth. Taiwan Defense Minister Qiu Guozheng recently said that the United States approved the 66 advanced F-16W fighters approved by the United States in 2019, and Taiwan has asked the United States to "make up" losses.
A number of American media recently quoted sources that the Biden government is planning to adopt the "Presidential DrawDownautology" mechanism to skip the approval of Congress and urgently authorize 500 million US dollars of weapon assistance to Taiwan. Qiu Guozheng told the outside world on the 8th that related emergency assistance did not involve military purchase cases, but to make up for the delayed delivery of the above military sales.
On the important time nodes of the US House of Representatives, NancyPelosi, who visited Taiwan last year, and important time nodes of Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen earlier this year, China implemented a series of actions to show military deterrence against Taiwan forces. China ’s actions have been upgraded several times to upgrade the tension of the Taiwan Strait, which not only caused concerns about various countries including the Indo -Pacific region including the United States, but Taiwan also realized that the ability to upgrade its military defense is imminent.
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: He Ping.com editor: Ruizhe

News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/jw-05112023114552.html 
The German Mercedes -Benz car factory shooting 2 death police caught 1 suspect 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T13:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:20:04+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Berlin, 11th) The German police said that a man opened a fire in the production hall of the Benz factory in Germany today, causing two to die. Police said the suspect had been arrested.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Ludwigsburg police said in a statement: "A 53 -year -old man entered the hall around 7.45 in the morning and fired to two people."
Police said the security personnel were detained at the lobby of the Sindelfingen factory at Mercedes-Benz and handed him to the police. Police arrested him without resistance.
Both of the victims were 44 -year -old men, and they died due to excessive injuries.
Police tweeted that no one else was injured.
Police said the police and rescue workers were still at the scene, and the buildings had been emptied and had no safety concerns, and there was no danger to the public.
The motivation for attack is still investigating.
In the statement, Mercedes confirmed that two people died, and said that the deceased and suspected were employees of an external service provider.
The statement said: "We were deeply shocked and sad about the tragic news from Sindinen this morning. We expressed condolences to the victims, their families and all employees at the scene."
Germany's "Bild" reported that he was suspected of being an employee of a logistics company.
Benz produces a flagship S-Class luxury car in the Xindefinen factory about 17 kilometers southwest of Stuttgart. According to Mercedes, about 35,000 people work in this factory.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E5%BE%B7%E5%9B%BD%E5%AE%BE%E5%A3%AB%E8%BD%A6%E5%8E%82%E6%9E%AA%E5%87%BB%E6%A1%88%E9%85%BF2%E6%AD%BB-%E8%AD%A6%E9%80%AE1%E5%AB%8C 
The Finnish crossing bridge collapse 24 injuries without life and danger 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T14:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:50:01+00:00
Description: (AFP, Herxia, 11th) Finnish rescue authorities pointed out that an interim cross -bridge collapse occurred in the capital of the capital of the capital of Helsinki, causing approximately 24 injuries, most of which were children.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This pedestrian bridge collapsed this morning, which spans the construction site of the Tapiola Region, which has been injured. Fortunately, no one was killed.
Police stated that: "When the bridge collapsed, several people fell down a few meters. It was investigating the relevant situation."
Police continued to conduct technical investigations on the possible cause of the accident.
Helsinki Hospital Authority said in a statement that the injured person is not in danger.
Local media quoted the statement of the same group students who were not injured. A group of 8 -year students ended off -campus teaching and encountered the accident at the return journey.
Police pointed out that the local construction project was underway to build this temporary crossing bridge with a splint.
You can see at least 5 people lying on the ground in the photos published by Finnish media, and rescuers are taking care of them.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E8%8A%AC%E5%85%B0%E4%BA%BA%E8%A1%8C%E5%A4%A9%E6%A1%A5%E5%B4%A9%E5%A1%8C-24%E4%BC%A4%E5%9D%87%E6%97%A0%E7%94%9F%E5%91%BD%E5%8D%B1%E9%99%A9 
Finnish female prime minister community media issued a document announced to apply for divorce 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T14:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Herxia, 10th) Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin today issued a post on a community media IG announced that he had applied for divorce with his husband Rexanan. Marin's election will be defeated and will unload the position of the prime minister.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Marin posted in IG, "We have applied for divorce. I am grateful for the 19 -year time together."
Marlin said she and Markus Raikkonen "still the best friend." Leknan announced the divorce news in his own IG.
The two had a five -year -old daughter, and Marin said, "We will continue to be together like our family."
The Social Democrats led by Marlin last month was won 43 of the 200 seats in the last month of the Congress. 46 seats of (Finns Party).
The National United Party is currently negotiating with the Finnish Party to establish a joint government.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E8%8A%AC%E5%85%B0%E5%A5%B3%E6%80%BB%E7%90%86%E7%A4%BE%E7%BE%A4%E5%AA%92%E4%BD%93%E5%8F%91%E6%96%87%E5%AE%A3%E5%B8%83%E7%94%B3%E8%AF%B7%E7%A6%BB%E5%A9%9A 
Former Members of Hong Kong established a strategy to formulate the international community in China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T14:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T15:39:19-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
 The first report of "ChinaStrategic Risks Institute (CSRI). Photo by Lu Xi After the end of the new crown epidemic, how to deal with China again, at the same time, prevent the risks of the CCP in the fields of human rights and national security, has become a difficult problem facing Western society. Guo Rongzheng, a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong, announced the establishment of a new policy think tank for China, hoping to strengthen the international community's awareness of Chinese risks and assist decision makers to formulate strategies for China.
* * *** Hong Kong citizen organization was disintegrated by overseas Hong Kong people to set up a new organization to reflect Hong Kong's actual situation Former Hong Kong Legislative Councilor Guo Rongzheng appeared in London on Wednesday (10th), announcing the establishment of a new cross -border China policy think tank "China Strategic Risksinstitute (CSRI). Several core members of the Institute are Chinese experts in the United Kingdom, so they use London as the headquarters, hoping to gather the power of multinational scholars and experts to objectively analyze the risks and opportunities brought by the rise of China to the public, policy makers and business circles Concern and suggestions.
Guo Rongzheng: Hong Kong people should tell the world about and the CCP's wrestling experience 
Guo Rongzheng, who is a barrister in itself, was the executive committee member of the Hong Kong Democratic Party and Citizen Party. He was also a member of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Legislative Council. He was seized by Beijing in 2020 and then left Hong Kong. He currently settled in the United States, opened a law firm in New York, and served as a senior researcher at Harvard University of Ganzidi College.
At the establishment ceremony held in the conference room of the British House of UK, Guo Rongzheng said that as a former Hong Kong Legislative Council member of the CCP's pimels, they experienced how the authoritarian regime threatened democratic society and believed that Hong Kong people should tell the international community and deal with China to deal with China. Experience and unique perspective of looking at the Chinese issue.
 Guo Rongzheng, who is a barrister in itself, is a member of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Legislative Council. He was seized by Beijing in 2020 and then left Hong Kong. (Reuters data map) He believes that the international community cannot do business at all with China. However, contact and dialogue with the Chinese government cannot simply "talk about", but should be vigilant about China's risks.
Guo Rongzheng said: "Don't misunderstand. I think we need to contact China. It is impossible to withdraw all business from China. This is unrealistic, and it is inevitable to trade with China. But what kind of clause should we be based on? When we have diplomatic dialogue with China, do business with China, and discuss human rights issues with China, what should we build? I learn from Hong Kong's painful experience, hoping to share with partners and policy makers. "
He mentioned that the US companies in China were investigated, and the family members of the Canadian parliament were threatened, and then the example of the deportation of Chinese diplomats showed that the international community must face up to China's risks in various areas.
British Member: After Xi Jinping took office, we must update our cognition of China 
Catherinewest, the Minister of State of the Labor Party, who attended the ceremony. She said that she had completed a master's degree in Chinese research at the University of London's Asian and African College in London and worked as a university teacher in Nanjing in the 1990s. However, after self -study, Chinese society has completely changed.
West said: "I think we need to continue to observe China and consider different elements. People like me who study China in Nanjing in the 1990s must continue to update our perception of China. Self -study Jinping with a consolidation position as a consolidation status as a role as a consolidation status as a role as a consolidation. After the goal, we can see that China's internal oppression continues to increase, including restrictions during the new crown epidemic, and oppression in Xinjiang. "
Discuss the "safe zone" of cooperation with China **
Guo Rongzheng also mentioned that when he watched French President Macron and Chinese President Xi Jinping drink tea and talk about trade, he always wondered if the world had forgotten what happened in Hong Kong. He emphasized that the importance of Hong Kong is to confirm how China abandons international treaties. He reminded the international community not to fall into China's trap, thinking that he could talk to the Chinese government and shake hands with Xi Jinping, which is the success of diplomacy.
Regarding the perspective of international realists always viewing US -China relations from the perspective of "zero -harmony game" and "big country competition", Guo Rongzheng believes that the relevant discussion is quite dangerous because the Chinese autocratic regime and the free world are fundamentally different and cannot be simplified and simplified. Therefore, the goal of the institute is to explore the "safe zone" of how to associate with China to protect the freedom and democracy of Western society from erosion.
Guo Rongzheng also said that there are many outstanding discussions on Chinese issues in the Chinese world, but they have rarely been translated and entered the international community's vision. This is also the goal of the research institute, so that more experts with Chinese backgrounds actively tell the international community about Chinese issues.
The Institute issued the first report on the same day, including 10 analysis articles from Hong Kong, Taiwan, the United Kingdom, and American -Canada experts. From different levels such as defense technology, supply chain, semiconductor, legal system, and even economy, analyzing China's rise to the world's risks and the risk and Chance.
Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Editor: Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/al-05112023122903.html 
Former Members of Hong Kong established a strategy to formulate the international community in China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T14:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T15:39:19-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
 The first report of "ChinaStrategic Risks Institute (CSRI). Photo by Lu Xi After the end of the new crown epidemic, how to deal with China again, at the same time, prevent the risks of the CCP in the fields of human rights and national security, has become a difficult problem facing Western society. Guo Rongzheng, a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong, announced the establishment of a new policy think tank for China, hoping to strengthen the international community's awareness of Chinese risks and assist decision makers to formulate strategies for China.
* * *** Hong Kong citizen organization was disintegrated by overseas Hong Kong people to set up a new organization to reflect Hong Kong's actual situation Former Hong Kong Legislative Councilor Guo Rongzheng appeared in London on Wednesday (10th), announcing the establishment of a new cross -border China policy think tank "China Strategic Risksinstitute (CSRI). Several core members of the Institute are Chinese experts in the United Kingdom, so they use London as the headquarters, hoping to gather the power of multinational scholars and experts to objectively analyze the risks and opportunities brought by the rise of China to the public, policy makers and business circles Concern and suggestions.
Guo Rongzheng: Hong Kong people should tell the world about and the CCP's wrestling experience 
Guo Rongzheng, who is a barrister in itself, was the executive committee member of the Hong Kong Democratic Party and Citizen Party. He was also a member of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Legislative Council. He was seized by Beijing in 2020 and then left Hong Kong. He currently settled in the United States, opened a law firm in New York, and served as a senior researcher at Harvard University of Ganzidi College.
At the establishment ceremony held in the conference room of the British House of UK, Guo Rongzheng said that as a former Hong Kong Legislative Council member of the CCP's pimels, they experienced how the authoritarian regime threatened democratic society and believed that Hong Kong people should tell the international community and deal with China to deal with China. Experience and unique perspective of looking at the Chinese issue.
 Guo Rongzheng, who is a barrister in itself, is a member of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Legislative Council. He was seized by Beijing in 2020 and then left Hong Kong. (Reuters data map) He believes that the international community cannot do business at all with China. However, contact and dialogue with the Chinese government cannot simply "talk about", but should be vigilant about China's risks.
Guo Rongzheng said: "Don't misunderstand. I think we need to contact China. It is impossible to withdraw all business from China. This is unrealistic, and it is inevitable to trade with China. But what kind of clause should we be based on? When we have diplomatic dialogue with China, do business with China, and discuss human rights issues with China, what should we build? I learn from Hong Kong's painful experience, hoping to share with partners and policy makers. "
He mentioned that the US companies in China were investigated, and the family members of the Canadian parliament were threatened, and then the example of the deportation of Chinese diplomats showed that the international community must face up to China's risks in various areas.
British Member: After Xi Jinping took office, we must update our cognition of China 
Catherinewest, the Minister of State of the Labor Party, who attended the ceremony. She said that she had completed a master's degree in Chinese research at the University of London's Asian and African College in London and worked as a university teacher in Nanjing in the 1990s. However, after self -study, Chinese society has completely changed.
West said: "I think we need to continue to observe China and consider different elements. People like me who study China in Nanjing in the 1990s must continue to update our perception of China. Self -study Jinping with a consolidation position as a consolidation status as a role as a consolidation status as a role as a consolidation. After the goal, we can see that China's internal oppression continues to increase, including restrictions during the new crown epidemic, and oppression in Xinjiang. "
Discuss the "safe zone" of cooperation with China **
Guo Rongzheng also mentioned that when he watched French President Macron and Chinese President Xi Jinping drink tea and talk about trade, he always wondered if the world had forgotten what happened in Hong Kong. He emphasized that the importance of Hong Kong is to confirm how China abandons international treaties. He reminded the international community not to fall into China's trap, thinking that he could talk to the Chinese government and shake hands with Xi Jinping, which is the success of diplomacy.
Regarding the perspective of international realists always viewing US -China relations from the perspective of "zero -harmony game" and "big country competition", Guo Rongzheng believes that the relevant discussion is quite dangerous because the Chinese autocratic regime and the free world are fundamentally different and cannot be simplified and simplified. Therefore, the goal of the institute is to explore the "safe zone" of how to associate with China to protect the freedom and democracy of Western society from erosion.
Guo Rongzheng also said that there are many outstanding discussions on Chinese issues in the Chinese world, but they have rarely been translated and entered the international community's vision. This is also the goal of the research institute, so that more experts with Chinese backgrounds actively tell the international community about Chinese issues.
The Institute issued the first report on the same day, including 10 analysis articles from Hong Kong, Taiwan, the United Kingdom, and American -Canada experts. From different levels such as defense technology, supply chain, semiconductor, legal system, and even economy, analyzing China's rise to the world's risks and the risk and Chance.
Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Editor: Jiayuan.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/al-05112023122903.html 
Why did the United States postpone sanctions on China after the spy ball was shot down? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T14:12:00Z
Description: After a spy balloon incident in February this year, some U.S. officials are convinced that this will stimulate the United States to adopt a series of actions to fight against China. However, sources said that the U.S. State Department actually suspended the actions of human rights related sanctions and export controls against China's human rights to prevent further damage to the United States and China.
Videos: []
Images: [" 64734669_303.jpg ", " 64640006_303.jpg ", " 64640851_303.jpg ", " 64636821_303.jpg ", " 64639698_303.jpg ", " 64639569_303.jpg ", " 64639728_303.jpg ", " 64641001_303.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['华为', '移民难民', '智能手机', '新疆', '人权']
Keywords: ['间谍气球', '美中关系', '人权', '制裁', '新疆', '布林肯', '华为']
Id: 65593443
 On the afternoon of February 4th, the U.S. military destroyed the first Chinese high -air balloon over the waters in South Carolina on the afternoon of February 4, and salvaged and tested
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) It is understood that four sources in the United States policy and internal emails obtained by Reuters have suspended the human rights related sanctions, export control and other sensitive actions against China to prevent further damage to US -China relations. Essence
Reuters reports that the "Competitive Action" schedule of the US State Department is a confidential list of Bayeng's government in China. The decision of delayed sanctions shocked some US officials, and also reflected the differences between the US government and advocating the differences between those who have adopted more severe action and advocate more restrained practices.
Although However, the internal documents of the State Department seen by Reuters show that senior US officials have postponed action plans for China.
The US State Department is responsible for the deputy assistant Secretary of State Rickwaters of China and Taiwan Affairs, and said in an email that had not been reported to the employees on February 6: "The instructions of the Secretary of State are promoting the 'non -balloon' action, so we can Focus on the response of corresponding and careful consideration. We can re -examine other actions within a few weeks. "
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
Shooting 
A balloon in China fluttered over the United States for a few days. On February 4, the U.S. military shot down in the coastal waters of the South Carolina. The United States has accused China of using balloons for espionage. But China said that this is just an out of control meteorological balloon.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
search 
The shot of balloon fell into the sea a few miles away from the coast of South Carolina. The U.S. Navy and the Coast Guard positioned the areas where the balloon fell, and sent helicopters and ships to sort out the wreckage of balloons in the fall area.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
salvage 
It looks like fishermen are fishing a large jellyfish, but in fact, this is a group member of the US military who is responsible for dealing with explosives. This balloon has a diameter of about 61 meters, and the weight is equivalent to a small passenger aircraft.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
wreckage 
Due to the huge balloon size and uncertainty of its security, the United States eventually decided to shoot down at sea. The water depth of the balloon falling is about 15 meters. The U.S. military is trying to salvage more wreckage in order to more accurately understand the actual use of this flying object.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
tool 
The U.S. military uses special equipment such as underwater drones to search and salvage balloon wreckage. The "Explorer" -class marine measurement ship uses the sound of sound to find the wreckage fragments in the fall area. According to the U.S. military, the search area is about 2.25 square kilometers.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China


In a statement on February 13, the U.S. Northern Command said, "The salvage team found some important wreckage from the balloon fall, including confirming all the main sensors and electronic devices, and the overall structure."
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
upgrade 
After the United States shot down China's suspected spy balloon, the tension between the United States and China further intensified. This time, the Minister of Defense of China had rejected the US Secretary of Defense Austin to discuss matters related to balloons. China claims that the U.S. shot down is an over -reaction and violates international standards. The U.S. Department of Commerce will add 6 entities related to Beijing's suspected spy ball plan to export blacklists. In the past few days, the U.S. military has shot down three flying bodies over the Alas California Coast in northwestern United States, Yakong areas in northwestern Canada, and the overhead of the US -Canada border.
Author: Florian Meyer
Sources pointed out that the export license provisions of Huawei, a telecommunications equipment manufacturer, and a sanctions on Chinese officials who have delayed the infringement of Uyghur human rights, causing the morale of the Chinese Council's Chinese group to be hit.
The Biden government has been working hard to prevent the relationship with the Communist Party of China from worsening further. Many analysts believe that US -China relations have slipped to the lowest point since 1979.
Former foreign officials and members of the two parties believe that the United States must maintain smooth communication channels with Beijing to avoid misunderstanding and management crisis.
However, sources said that the current policy is too close to the early contact strategy. This strategy allows the United States to exchange for China to exchange for high -level dialogue by concession, but often inadequate results.
According to sources who are unknown, Briggie has handed over the main responsibilities of China's policy to Deputy Secretary of State Sherman.
A State Council official said in a question from Reuters that under the leadership of the Bayeng government, the State Council coordinated with different institutions to record the number of sanctions, export control and other competitive actions implemented by China.
"We do not comment on specific actions. This work is both sensitive and complicated, and it is obviously promoted in an orderly manner. It is essential for the maximum exertion and ensuring that our information is clear and accurate."###: What I seeks is competition, not conflict
FBI originally expected to release a report that was shot down in mid -April 
The two sources said that at the end of March this year, Hua Ziqiang said at a staff meeting that followed the instructions of Serman, the State Council would "look forward" from China's balloon incident. It is reported that Shelman is anxious to re -arrange the visits of Blink.
A Chinese official confirmed to Reuters that if the United States puts on hold on this issue in accordance with Beijing's hope, it is more likely to re -arrange Bollingin to visit China. The official added that China has stated that he does not want the Federal Investigation Agency (FBI) to announce the details of the investigation of the ben balloon.
The two sources said that the FBI report was originally expected to be released in mid -April.
FBI refuses to comment on any report. The US State Department told Reuters that it has never discussed this issue with the FBI and refused to comment on the discussions on this matter with China.
At the hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on May 2nd, when asked about the release of the FBI investigation report, Danielkritenbrink, Assistant to the Asia -Pacific Affairs Assistant, said: "I definitely support people to understand what happened. "
He also said that the State Council is committed to managing competition between the United States and China. "In our opinion, some of them must involve high -level communication and keep the channels unblocked."
Think Tank Agency "Defending Democratic Foundation"(FDD)China Issue Expert Singlton(CraigSingleton)It is said that the US State Department's "trap created by its own manufacturing" has abandoned the actions aimed at maximizing the influence of the United States without being eager to restore high -level exchanges. "This decision is good, but it has strengthened China's influence."
Delay of control over Huawei 
In December last year, the United States established the "China House" (official name is "China Affairs Coordination Office"). This is the reorganization of the Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council. On the occasion of challenges, the United States' policy in the region is strengthened.
Sources said that the US Department of Commerce and the Industrial and Security Agency have formulated rules to revoke the export control permit related to Huawei, including those who involve less sensitive technologies. They revealed that the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Energy are preparing to support this change in late February, but because the State Council is seeking to restart Brokeke's visit, Shelman does not support more stringent regulations.
Sources said that the four institutions of the end user review committee (ERC) who decided to decide such actions due to the opposition of the State Council did not vote for this.
In addition, the US State Department also postponed sanctions on Chinese officials, including officials in charge of the United Front Work Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. The U.S. government claims that Beijing is performing race extinction against Muslim Uighurs in Xinjiang. China denies relevant allegations.
Three sources said that the sanctions in October 2022 were postponed for the first time, and it was postponed again in mid -January this year.
The four sources said that the resistance encountered in such actions caused difficulties in the configuration of the Chinese group, and the vacancy rate was as high as 40%. Senior officials acknowledged that the Chinese group had a problem of low morale, but denied that it was related to policy.
Reuters pointed out that the U.S. State Department has been working hard to solve the configuration and morale issues left by Trump's recruitment of freezing. However, sources said that some staff demanded that the government's delays showed that Chinese actions were not priority.
Another source said: "Even if we only have one step away, we must argue whether to act."
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/击落间谍气球后-美国为何推迟对中国的制裁？/a-65593443?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Why did the United States postpone sanctions on China after the spy ball was shot down? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T14:12:00Z
Description: After a spy balloon incident in February this year, some U.S. officials are convinced that this will stimulate the United States to adopt a series of actions to fight against China. However, sources said that the U.S. State Department actually suspended the actions of human rights related sanctions and export controls against China's human rights to prevent further damage to the United States and China.
Videos: []
Images: [" 64734669_303.jpg ", " 64640006_303.jpg ", " 64640851_303.jpg ", " 64636821_303.jpg ", " 64639698_303.jpg ", " 64639569_303.jpg ", " 64639728_303.jpg ", " 64641001_303.jpg "]
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['华为', '移民难民', '智能手机', '新疆', '人权']
Keywords: ['间谍气球', '美中关系', '人权', '制裁', '新疆', '布林肯', '华为']
Id: 65593443
 On the afternoon of February 4th, the U.S. military destroyed the first Chinese high -air balloon over the waters in South Carolina on the afternoon of February 4, and salvaged and tested
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) It is understood that four sources in the United States policy and internal emails obtained by Reuters have suspended the human rights related sanctions, export control and other sensitive actions against China to prevent further damage to US -China relations. Essence
Reuters reports that the "Competitive Action" schedule of the US State Department is a confidential list of Bayeng's government in China. The decision of delayed sanctions shocked some US officials, and also reflected the differences between the US government and advocating the differences between those who have adopted more severe action and advocate more restrained practices.
Although However, the internal documents of the State Department seen by Reuters show that senior US officials have postponed action plans for China.
The US State Department is responsible for the deputy assistant Secretary of State Rickwaters of China and Taiwan Affairs, and said in an email that had not been reported to the employees on February 6: "The instructions of the Secretary of State are promoting the 'non -balloon' action, so we can Focus on the response of corresponding and careful consideration. We can re -examine other actions within a few weeks. "
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
Shooting 
A balloon in China fluttered over the United States for a few days. On February 4, the U.S. military shot down in the coastal waters of the South Carolina. The United States has accused China of using balloons for espionage. But China said that this is just an out of control meteorological balloon.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
search 
The shot of balloon fell into the sea a few miles away from the coast of South Carolina. The U.S. Navy and the Coast Guard positioned the areas where the balloon fell, and sent helicopters and ships to sort out the wreckage of balloons in the fall area.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
salvage 
It looks like fishermen are fishing a large jellyfish, but in fact, this is a group member of the US military who is responsible for dealing with explosives. This balloon has a diameter of about 61 meters, and the weight is equivalent to a small passenger aircraft.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
wreckage 
Due to the huge balloon size and uncertainty of its security, the United States eventually decided to shoot down at sea. The water depth of the balloon falling is about 15 meters. The U.S. military is trying to salvage more wreckage in order to more accurately understand the actual use of this flying object.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
tool 
The U.S. military uses special equipment such as underwater drones to search and salvage balloon wreckage. The "Explorer" -class marine measurement ship uses the sound of sound to find the wreckage fragments in the fall area. According to the U.S. military, the search area is about 2.25 square kilometers.
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China


In a statement on February 13, the U.S. Northern Command said, "The salvage team found some important wreckage from the balloon fall, including confirming all the main sensors and electronic devices, and the overall structure."
* ##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
upgrade 
After the United States shot down China's suspected spy balloon, the tension between the United States and China further intensified. This time, the Minister of Defense of China had rejected the US Secretary of Defense Austin to discuss matters related to balloons. China claims that the U.S. shot down is an over -reaction and violates international standards. The U.S. Department of Commerce will add 6 entities related to Beijing's suspected spy ball plan to export blacklists. In the past few days, the U.S. military has shot down three flying bodies over the Alas California Coast in northwestern United States, Yakong areas in northwestern Canada, and the overhead of the US -Canada border.
Author: Florian Meyer
Sources pointed out that the export license provisions of Huawei, a telecommunications equipment manufacturer, and a sanctions on Chinese officials who have delayed the infringement of Uyghur human rights, causing the morale of the Chinese Council's Chinese group to be hit.
The Biden government has been working hard to prevent the relationship with the Communist Party of China from worsening further. Many analysts believe that US -China relations have slipped to the lowest point since 1979.
Former foreign officials and members of the two parties believe that the United States must maintain smooth communication channels with Beijing to avoid misunderstanding and management crisis.
However, sources said that the current policy is too close to the early contact strategy. This strategy allows the United States to exchange for China to exchange for high -level dialogue by concession, but often inadequate results.
According to sources who are unknown, Briggie has handed over the main responsibilities of China's policy to Deputy Secretary of State Sherman.
A State Council official said in a question from Reuters that under the leadership of the Bayeng government, the State Council coordinated with different institutions to record the number of sanctions, export control and other competitive actions implemented by China.
"We do not comment on specific actions. This work is both sensitive and complicated, and it is obviously promoted in an orderly manner. It is essential for the maximum exertion and ensuring that our information is clear and accurate."###: What I seeks is competition, not conflict
FBI originally expected to release a report that was shot down in mid -April 
The two sources said that at the end of March this year, Hua Ziqiang said at a staff meeting that followed the instructions of Serman, the State Council would "look forward" from China's balloon incident. It is reported that Shelman is anxious to re -arrange the visits of Blink.
A Chinese official confirmed to Reuters that if the United States puts on hold on this issue in accordance with Beijing's hope, it is more likely to re -arrange Bollingin to visit China. The official added that China has stated that he does not want the Federal Investigation Agency (FBI) to announce the details of the investigation of the ben balloon.
The two sources said that the FBI report was originally expected to be released in mid -April.
FBI refuses to comment on any report. The US State Department told Reuters that it has never discussed this issue with the FBI and refused to comment on the discussions on this matter with China.
At the hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on May 2nd, when asked about the release of the FBI investigation report, Danielkritenbrink, Assistant to the Asia -Pacific Affairs Assistant, said: "I definitely support people to understand what happened. "
He also said that the State Council is committed to managing competition between the United States and China. "In our opinion, some of them must involve high -level communication and keep the channels unblocked."
Think Tank Agency "Defending Democratic Foundation"(FDD)China Issue Expert Singlton(CraigSingleton)It is said that the US State Department's "trap created by its own manufacturing" has abandoned the actions aimed at maximizing the influence of the United States without being eager to restore high -level exchanges. "This decision is good, but it has strengthened China's influence."
Delay of control over Huawei 
In December last year, the United States established the "China House" (official name is "China Affairs Coordination Office"). This is the reorganization of the Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council. On the occasion of challenges, the United States' policy in the region is strengthened.
Sources said that the US Department of Commerce and the Industrial and Security Agency have formulated rules to revoke the export control permit related to Huawei, including those who involve less sensitive technologies. They revealed that the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Energy are preparing to support this change in late February, but because the State Council is seeking to restart Brokeke's visit, Shelman does not support more stringent regulations.
Sources said that the four institutions of the end user review committee (ERC) who decided to decide such actions due to the opposition of the State Council did not vote for this.
In addition, the US State Department also postponed sanctions on Chinese officials, including officials in charge of the United Front Work Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. The U.S. government claims that Beijing is performing race extinction against Muslim Uighurs in Xinjiang. China denies relevant allegations.
Three sources said that the sanctions in October 2022 were postponed for the first time, and it was postponed again in mid -January this year.
The four sources said that the resistance encountered in such actions caused difficulties in the configuration of the Chinese group, and the vacancy rate was as high as 40%. Senior officials acknowledged that the Chinese group had a problem of low morale, but denied that it was related to policy.
Reuters pointed out that the U.S. State Department has been working hard to solve the configuration and morale issues left by Trump's recruitment of freezing. However, sources said that some staff demanded that the government's delays showed that Chinese actions were not priority.
Another source said: "Even if we only have one step away, we must argue whether to act."
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/击落间谍气球后-美国为何推迟对中国的制裁？/a-65593443?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Foxconn, Taiwan, plummeted 56% in the first quarter 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T14:16:00Z
Description: Foxconn in Taiwan released the first quarter financial report on Thursday (May 11), and the profit plummeted by 56%in the first quarter. Foxconn said that the global economic downturn has led to a decline in demand for smart consumer electronics.
Videos: []
Images: [" 63598242_303.jpg "]
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '富士康', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '中国', '智能手机', '台湾', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['富士康', '台湾', '鸿海', '苹果', '中国']
Id: 65593498
 From January to March this year, Foxconn's net profit was NT $ 12.8 billion, a year -on -year decrease of 56%.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) It is the world's largest electronic product foundry, which is a well -known brand foundry.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/苹果的中国麻烦/a-64071155)IPhone mobile phone.
From January to March this year, Foxconn's net profit was NT $ 12.8 billion, a year -on -year decrease of 56%. In the first quarter, revenue was NT $ 1.46 trillion, an increase of 4%year -on -year.
Foxconn Chairman Liu Yangwei said at a telephone conference call that the company's revenue of smart consumer electronics and other products in the second quarter will also decline. These three months will be a low season for traditional electronic products. He expects that the whole quarter will show quarterly and annual reduction, and it is expected that there will be a clearer direction at the end of the year.
He also said that because companies are still in the stage of new business investment and continuous globalization layout, capital expenditures have been relatively improved, and they have affected the cost of depreciation amortization. It will have a lot of challenges to reach the same gross profit margin this year.
Fuji's parent company Hon Hai Group expanded its layout of India. The local subsidiary spent 3 billion yuan to purchase land in Bangall, Kanataka in Kanataka. The purpose was operating needs. In addition to expanding the production line of the iPhone in India, Hon Hai Group is also active Essence
Foxconn currently has production and service points in more than 20 countries around the world.
Foxconn conflict reflects China's "clear zero" dilemma 
Because China takes [] during the epidemic period(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/富士康iphone产能11月恐降三成以上/a-63885278)In addition to the influence of multiple factors such as the continued tension of US -China relations, Foxconn is also seeking diversification of production lines.
Lin Keyu, a senior analyst of Counterpoint Research, said that the plunge in profits should be regarded as Foxconn's "investment curve" because it seeks to invest more funds into the automotive industry and virtual technology.
Lin Keyu said: "The manufacturing side cannot make profits, because they need to invest in re -investment, upgrade equipment and technology, and support customers such as Apple.
(Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/台湾富士康第一季度利润暴跌56/a-65593498?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
When will Ukraine launch a counterattack? Zerrenceki: more time to prepare 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T14:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T14:05:01+00:00
Description: (AFP, Kiev, 11th) The BBC (BBC) released an exclusive interview with the Ukrainian President Volodymyr ZELENSKYY today. He said that the Ukraine forces need more time to prepare to launch a counterattack from all walks of life on the Russian army.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 "After we achieved the military backup, we could advance and win, but we would lose a lot of personnel. I think this is unacceptable, so we need to wait, we need more time."
Ukraine has been training a new troops while reserving ammunition and heavy weapons provided by Western countries. Analysts point out that this will be the key to recovering Russia's occupation areas.
The Kiev's authorities are looking forward to recovering Donetsk, Lugansk (Lugansk), and Kherson and Zaporizhzhia in the south, but when the counterattack is still a problem.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E4%BD%95%E6%97%B6%E5%8F%91%E5%8A%A8%E5%8F%8D%E6%94%BB-%E6%B3%BD%E4%BC%A6%E6%96%AF%E5%9F%BA-%E9%9C%80%E6%9B%B4%E5%A4%9A%E6%97%B6%E9%97%B4%E5%87%86%E5%A4%87 
Column | Military No Forbidden Area: Sprinkling Gong Gong -Look at the supersonic weapon who fights with each other 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T14:38:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T14:40:59-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Ukrainian Air Force confirmed that the Patriot Air Defense missile shot down the dagger missile. The picture shows the US -made Patriot air defense missile deployed in Poland. Associated Press Information Picture This column premiered a new program every Friday, and there were several backs after it. You can listen to short waves, or listen through YouTube and RFA's official website.
Audience friends, hello everyone. What you are listening to is the "Military Forbidden Area" column of Radio Free Asia. I am the host of the column. Russia described the high supersonic weapons developed in recent years. It is an indestructible and is a big killer to check the US anti -missile system. This statement has been broken recently.
The Ukrainian Armed Forces Air Force Commander Mykolaoleshchuk pointed out that over May 4th in the surrounding areas of Kiev, the Ukraine uses Patriot Air Defense missiles to shoot down a "unprincipated" Kinzhal missile, which is history Sexual events. The missile was launched from Russia by the MiG-31 fighter. The National News Agency of Ukraine confirmed the news on May 6. Russia has not responded so far.
Sprinkle 破 mythology is broken 
The dagger is called a hypersonic missile. The flight speed is 10 Mach (10 times the speed). It can be mobilized. It can be equipped with nuclear and conventional warheads according to the task. The range is 2,000 kilometers and the accuracy is better than 10 meters. Russian President VladimirPutin publicly stated in the National Information Counseling in 2018 that the air -fired dagger hypersonic missiles will conduct a combat duty mission in the Southern Military Region since December 2017. At the Putin report, the big screen demonstrated the crackdown of the launch of the missile missile, which caused warm applause in the audience.
The Russian simulation experience shows that a dagger missile can break through the intensive interception firepower network composed of more than 20 NATO standard and patriots' air defense missiles, which is a "Sprinkle" weapon tailored by the anti -missile system. Russia's Air Heavenly Army Commander Sergeysurovikin said confidently that dagger missiles can effectively break through the current and future air defense and anti -missile systems of Western countries.
In February last year, Russia invaded Ukraine. Six months later, Russian Defense Minister Sergeishoigu announced that he used a dagger hypersonic missile with a dagger at 3 degrees during the combat to successfully hit high -value targets and performance. In April this year, Ukraine obtained the first batch of patriot missile systems, and the air defense capacity was enhanced. It was unexpected to break the myth that Russia could not intercept.
The United States did not respond as soon as possible. Until May 9th, Patrickry, a spokesman for the Ministry of National Defense, confirmed at a press conference that Ukraine's use of Patriot missile defense systems to shoot down a Russian dagger missile. He said that the Patriot system is part of the US and the international community to provide wider air defense capabilities to Ukraine. In the future, we will continue to step up the provision of land -based air defense capabilities and ammunition to help Ukraine control their sovereign sky and protect Ukraine from attacks from Russian cruise missiles and Iranian drones.
Please note that Lede confirmed that the dagger missile was shot down, but it did not emphasize that it was a "hypersonic missile," which said that Ukraine shot down "a Russian missile." Does this imply that the United States has not regarded the dagger as a real high supersonic speed speed Weapons, but an air -fired ballistic missile, not a new weapon.
Guide -type air -firing ballistic missile 
US defense technology experts, including Alexhollings, pointed out that the dagger missile is a modified version of the Russian short-range ballistic missile Iskander. The new guidance system designed for air -to -ground combat is a guide -type air -firing ballistic missile, not a new technology; it may reach the supersonic speed, but it is not a hypersonic weapon.
Holinus believes that Russia uses the public's misunderstanding of the term "hypersonic speed" term. By improving the original weapon system, it promotes military sales as an advanced cutting -edge technology, so as to obtain funding to develop the next generation of weapons and equipment. In order to attract foreign buyers, Russia must show the ability to develop the same, even stronger weapons as the United States and China, and create a 21 -century military power image at a smaller cost. The dagger missile is a representative work.
However, it cannot be denied that the advantages of air -fired ballistic missiles are obvious compared with the trajectory missile launched by land -based and sea -based types. The first is that the launch costs are low and cost -effective. The air -ray type can save the ballistic missile launch device used by land and Haitu, and does not need to build preset positions or arrays, and no first -class engine can reduce the launch fuel.
The second is high mobility and strong survivability. The aircraft is equipped with ballistic missiles is much faster than land -based and sea -based types, and the range of activities is much larger. Flying outside the country's leading or defense zone is difficult to be investigated, positioned and attacked by enemy. This dagger missile was launched by the MiG-31 fighter aircraft from Russia. It did not need to attack before, and it was not necessary to attack to ensure safety. Due to the high mobility, the enemy's early warning time is compressed, and the ability to stop.
Based on these characteristics, the air -fired ballistic missile is indeed unusual, but after all, it is not a hypersonic weapon.
What is a hypersonic weapon?
Inside the atmosphere 5 Machi Flying 
The term "hypersonic weapon" is often misuse. Strictly speaking, it refers to a missile in the earth atmosphere that is higher than Mach 5 (Mach is about 1.7 kilometers per second and about 6,120 kilometers per hour). Most of the time it is flying inside the atmosphere of the earth (instead of outside space and outside the atmosphere). It is necessary to stop extreme high temperature tests, and use the design characteristics of air dynamics to maneuverate.
On the other hand, most of the flight missiles are outside the atmosphere, and there is no effect on interaction with air for a long time. When returning to the atmosphere, the air resistance will also face extreme high temperature, but the time is short. The difference between the hypersonic missile is that they must respond to the test of the internal thermal effects in the atmosphere during most flights. Therefore, it is essentially different from the ballistic missile.
Another decisive feature of the hypersonic missile is that they rely on air dynamic control surfaces (such as missile wings or rear wings) for taxiing and maneuverability, flying with irregular trajectories, and hypersonic speeds, it is difficult for the enemy to find interception. The ballistic missiles fly with a relatively fixed parabolic trajectory, which is also a hypersonic speed, but it has a higher probability that it is intercepted than the hypersonic weapon.
There are two types of high supersonic weapons that are in line with the above -mentioned definitions: hypersonic speed booster glide missiles (HGV) and hypersonic cruise missiles (HCM). At present, the Russian land-based pioneer (Avangard) missile and the Chinese land-based Dongfeng-17 missile belong to the former; the latter is serving the Tsirkon sea-based hypersonic anti-ship cruise missile. The Russia claims that The ultra -combustion stamping engine is the power, and the flight speed is 9 Mach. Multiple technical difficulties need to be overcome 
In January of the US Congress Budget Office (CBO), at the request of the Military Commission of the Senate of the Senate this January, a research and analysis report of the "U.S. Hyders and Alternatives" was completed. The content pointed out that the development of hypersonic weapons has many technical difficulties to be overcome, including designing strong insulation devices, so that the structure materials of the missile can bear the high temperature of more than 2,000 ° degrees Celsius during the air. The warhead can emit and receive communication and positioning signals.
When the flying speed exceeds 5 Mach, the transition from stable to turbulence around the missiles will destroy its stability and cause a sudden local temperature to rise. When the missile turns, in addition to increasing the thermal burden of the missile, it will also significantly reduce the speed of missile flight and reduce the range. These factors often limit the maneuverability of hypersonic missiles.
The development of hypersonic cruise missiles requires excellent super -combustion stamping technology and engine components. Its difficulty is metaphorical how to keep matches ignited and immortal in hurricanes. Prior to 2022, the United States only successfully run for a few minutes of ultra -burning stamping engines. Several successful demonstrations were successfully demonstrated to overcome some design difficulties, but there were still engineering barriers. It must meet the missile size, range and speed requirements, and it needs to overcome the challenges of extreme high temperature and aerodynamics.
It is unknown whether Russia and China have served in the United States' development standards. However, it is certain that the United States has no active hypersonic missiles so far, which does not represent technical backwardness, but is considered more aspects, shortening the running time of missiles from to fine. The development ideas of Russia and China are to first seek and then refine. The running -in time may be longer, and the performance requirements may not be higher than that of the United States.
The research and analysis report of the US Congress Budget Office pointed out that the United States' development of hypersonic weapons mainly considers 4 aspects. First of all, it is necessary to overcome technical challenges to deploy hypersonic missiles, including to withstand extreme high temperatures, and a large number of flight tests are required to determine the case.
Overall technology United States leads 
Second, the hypersonic weapon is mainly used to respond to the strict defense of missiles and is extremely sensitive to time. The so -called time sensitivity requires a blow to the target within 15 to 30 minutes. Based on cost considerations, if time is not sensitive, you can use cheap cruise missile attacks. If the time is urgent and the opponent lacks an effective anti -missile system, it can use a low cost of a motor warhead. Many tasks do not need to hit high -speed weapons quickly.
Third, in the conflict, hypersonic missiles may not have more survivability than ballistic missiles with motorized warheads, unless the opponent has an efficient and long -range missile defense system. So far, potential opponents in the United States have not deployed such an efficient defense system.
Fourth, compared with ballistic missiles with the same range and the same range, the procurement and deployment cost of hypersonic missiles may be one third higher. The United States does not deploy hypersonic missiles, but related technologies are developing well. The U.S. Army, the Navy, and the Air Force have developed their respective high supersonic weapons, and there are also cooperative research and development projects. It is expected to be deployed in place from 2025 to 2028, respectively.
Chinese missile technology expert Yang Chengjun once said. "The U.S. hypersonic technology is generally the world's most advanced, but it is not used in the field of the Missile Battle Department." Once the United States invested, it can quickly live in the world's leading position, so "cannot Blind Yelang is arrogant. "You can see the blood.
Audiences, you are now listening to the "Military Invasion Area" column of Radio Free Asia. I am the host of the column. Thank you for listening. Meet it next time.
Writer///人(The host of this show is a military commentator who has long been concerned about cross -strait and Indo -Pacific military security affairs for a long time.)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/junshiwujinqu/mil-05112023135551.html 
Facts │ Are American politicians not advocating "bombing TSMC"? 
Author: 作者：庄敬
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T14:44:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T15:42:09-04:00
Description: Author: Zhuang Jing
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
 TSMC factory building Reuters/Ann Wang
Tags: misleading 

Reading in one minute: 
The Chinese official media "Global Times" recently forwarded a short video of Douyin in Twitter, saying that "American politicians have destroyed Taiwan's brains and were splashed on the spot." The short video intercepted the SETHMOULTON speech in an open forum: "The mainland is very clear, if we" invading 'Taiwan, we will blow up the stagnation. " In this regard, "Huanshi" commented: "It seems that the United States really has a plan to destroy Taiwan."
Asian facts check the laboratory believes that whether it is a 30 -second Douyin short video, or the comment on Twitter in Twitter, it may be misleading the audience, because as long as you listen to the complete speech of Quan Meton It is advocated that the bombing of the Taiwan Stock Power is only quoting the debate of the US decision makers for the possible Taiwan Strait War.
Deep analysis: 
Global Times English version Twitter account The title states that "bombing TSMC to curb the mainland, and American politicians have destroyed Taiwan's brains and were splashed on the spot." In the film, the United States Federal Representative Morton said: "The mainland is very clear. If the" invading 'Taiwan, we will blow off the table and accumulate. I just throw this idea, not because it is the best strategy, this is just an example, of course, of course, of course, of course Taiwan doesn't like this idea. "
Then, Michèle A.flournoy, the former Ministry of Defense, said: "Can't blast the table for accumulation. If you do that, in the first year, it will bring a $ 2 trillion economic impact on the world in the first year. The global manufacturing industry has stagnated, this is a bad idea. "
The English version of "Huanshi" commented in Twitter: It seems that the United States really has a plan to destroy Taiwan. U.S. politicians will not even talk about Taiwan's interests, let alone consideration. Do they plan to turn TSMC into the next "Beixi"?
 The English version of "Global Times" reposted a short video of Douyin on May 7th, the title said "American politicians have destroyed the crooked brain and were splashed on the spot." After investigation, the short video released by Twita in Twitter is the Southeast Satellite TV of China Television [] [] [] Uploaded on May 5th, many users have reposted in social media.
The content of this short video has also attracted the attention of Chinese and Taiwan media. "China Times" reported on May 6th that ， Wait for the TV station's program to discuss the matter. Then, 、 Wait for officials to express their statements one after another.
May 10, When asked how to see "Morton mentioned that if he wants to deter China and bombard the TSMC", Wu Zhaozheng responded: If you look closely at Morton's prelude, the conclusions will be different. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs also released It means that the vibrato film is interpreted, deliberately misleading, and the actual statement with Morton has obvious differences.
Morton also responded to this, he to the Taiwan media 、 He said that the Chinese Communist Party selectively captured his speech and spread on the community network to try to destroy the partnership of Taiwan.
What did Morton say at the seminar? 
Morton participated in the think tank on May 2nd At 36:12 of the complete film, the host of the seminar asked Michael Mccaul, Michael McCaul, the chairman of the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives -how did the United States create a deterrent force with chip -related policies?
Morton replied: "You know, one of the interesting ideas about deterrence is to make China clear -if you invade Taiwan, we will blow up the TSMC. I just throw this view, not because it is the best strategy, but because it is the best strategy, but it is This is an idea that is being argued. Of course, Taiwanese do not like this idea, right? So when we consider how to perform a strategy, we must consider its subsequent impact. ? Or can we still maintain lead and fully control this industry? This is a question we are trying to answer. "Meton responded: "I am not advocating this idea. What I want to say is that this is a matter of enthusiastically arguing between American decision makers. By the way, if China takes over TSMC, whether it is a Hong Kong -style takeover or actual invasion, it is actually invasion. If they can control this company intact, the United States is likely to face the same degree of economic consequences. "
After the conversation of Morton was edited and spread, "Booming TSMC" once again became a hot topic on cross -strait media and social media. TSMC. Asian factual investigation laboratory has previously released Obrain's speech at the time was disconnected.
in conclusion:
Morton has stated that he did not advocate the bombing of Taipower, but quoted the controversy of the decision makers in the United States for the possible occurrence of the Taiwan Strait War. In other words, he did not have some reports that "it is recommended to bomb TSMC to deter China", and the so -called "American politicians have destroyed Taiwan's crooked brains". "They are misleading.
_ Asian factual checkup laboratory ( _ASIA FACT Check Lab__) is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about any media and social software dissemination, welcome to email __AFCL@rfa.org _ Send it to the Asian factual inspection laboratory, and we will verify and verify it for you. _ _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-05112023142510.html 
Portugal ’s severe arid Agricultural Ministry of Agriculture asked the EU for help to fight drought 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T14:44
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T14:59
Description: The Portuguese Ocean and Atmospheric Institute (IPMA) said on Wednesday (May 10) that Portugal's weather in April this year was extremely hot and dry, and the drought swept about 90%of the land. At present, officials have requested assistance from the European Union to help the agricultural sector in trouble. According to IPM ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['葡萄牙', '干旱', '热浪']
The Portuguese Ocean and Atmospheric Institute (IPMA) said on Wednesday (May 10) that Portugal's weather in April this year was extremely hot and dry, and the drought swept about 90%of the land. At present, officials have requested assistance from the European Union to help the agricultural sector in trouble.
According to the official website of IPMA, 89%of Portugal's land is suffering from drought, of which 34%of the land is severe drought or extreme drought; the northeast and southern regions are particularly serious.
According to Reuters, the Portuguese Federation of Farmers' Federation said that the grain planting and animal husbandry are the most affected agricultural sector. The Minister of Agriculture of Portuguese Antris said on the 8th that drought weather is affecting the country's agricultural and reservoir water storage capacity. The Ministry of Agriculture has asked the European Commission to solve this problem and look forward to the firm support of the European Union.
It is reported that the large area of the Iberian Peninsula faces the effects of long -term drought, and people are worried that climate change will make the situation worse. The National Meteorological Administration (AEMET) of Portugal's Spain said on the 9th that Portugal has experienced the most dry and warmer April since the record.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393391 
German media: How many Yang Maodong is there? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-11T15:01:00Z
Description: "New Zurich" reporters reported from Guangzhou that the rights protection lawyer Guo Feixiong (name Yang Maodong) was tried and pronounced there on Thursday. Western diplomats to the court were banned from listening. The World News focuses on the differences in strategic opinions of the three joint ruling parties in Germany.
Videos: []
Images: [" 60606064_303.jpg ", " 63389469_401.jpg "]
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['郭飞雄', '杨茂东', '德中关系', '对华战略']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65593523
 (Voice of Germany) "New Zurich" wrote: " (Guo Feixiong's real name-Editor's Note) Delibriography is dedicated to freedom of democracy, journalism and speech. Observer wants to listen to his trial in Guangzhou. Their attempts let people know China's judicial system. "
The article wrote: "Guangzhou is the provincial capital of the large economic province and the location of many national consulates. Therefore, outside the court, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, the Netherlands, and Danish representatives gathered to express their support to human rights lawyer Yang's support "
The article wrote: "Diplomats hope to listen to Yang's trial ... ... There are 84 rooms in the court, and all trials on Thursday seem to be vacant. But [] Room 29 of the trial did not appear on the big screen. Although according to his family, the trial should be publicly carried out. "
The article wrote: "Many court staff explained to seven diplomats that the relevant court trial halls are already full. Foreigners who want to enter the Guangzhou Intermediate Court must get permits from the senior courts in advance. High courts, but did not get a reply, or received a reply, it was said that the court hall was full. Diplomats originally hoped that at least one of them could be allowed to be entered under the intervention of a senior personnel. After success, they are ready to leave. "
The article wrote: "One of the diplomats said:" I am here to represent the interests, values and viewpoints on behalf of my government. 'For him, it is important to understand how the Chinese judicial system operates, because his country also Some citizens encounter legal problems in China. "
The article wrote: "The focus is naturally clear in ... Some diplomats in Guangzhou speculate that how many people in China are detained in similar cases, and the public cannot know, because they are not like Yang Maodong in foreign countries. One of them said: 'If you are in a village in Guangdong, you organize a small protest. If they throw you into prison, will we hear you? '"
 
Three -party ruling three views? Germany's strategy to China has not been released 
"The World News" wrote: "If you want to know the Chinese government's Chinese policy, you must ask three times-and then get three different answers. Prime Minister Shulz (Social Democratic Party), Foreign Minister Berbak (Green Party), and Finance Minister Lin Dana (Liberal Democratic Party) has its own views. But from the outside world, the world's fourth largest economy has no strategy in dealing with Chinese autocratic regions. "
The article wrote: "In the joint ruling agreement, the three ruling parties agreed to formulate a common strategy for China. However, one and a half years have passed."
The article wrote: "If the strategy should make sharp criticisms and use human rights as a focus at the perspective of the Green Party, and the economic relations should be linked to the issue of human rights."
The article wrote, Later, he said: "We will not betray our liberal values for good business." The article wrote that at this point, the opinions of the Green Party and the Liberal Democratic Party and the Social Democratic Party were left. The Prime Minister Shulz also hopes to maintain a harmonious relationship with Beijing. He expressed clear support for China COSCO Group's investment in Hamburg Port, although other ministries and intelligence departments were worried about it.
The article wrote: "If there is no consistent strategy, then in the next government consultation, Germany may not be able to make a consistent voice. If it is about the topic that the West cares about, such as China's human rights status or Taiwan's territorial sovereignty. "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：还有多少杨茂东？/a-65593523?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Canada will push the new version of the passport to adopt the "most advanced" anti -counterfeiting function 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T15:11
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T15:11
Description: The Federal Government of Canada announced the design of the new Canadian passport on Wednesday (May 10). According to official emphasis, the new version of the passport has the "most advanced" security anti -counterfeiting function. The new Canadian passport has a number of security functions, such as using polycarbonate data pages. Passport holder ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['加拿大', '护照']
The Federal Government of Canada announced the design of the new Canadian passport on Wednesday (May 10). According to official emphasis, the new version of the passport has the "most advanced" security anti -counterfeiting function.
The new Canadian passport has a number of security functions, such as using polycarbonate data pages. The personal information of the passport holder will use laser sculpture instead of ink printing, which makes the data page more durable and difficult to be tampered with and forged. At the same time, the main photo uses Kinegram anti -counterfeit foil membrane optical technology. The special perspective window has a passport holder's sub -license, and variable laser images and temperature -sensitive pigment functions are also used.
In artistic design, the new version of Canadian passport uses more patterns of natural beauty. Among them, the new cover adopts a pattern design with the outline of the maple leaf, which is also the first significant change in decades.
But at the same time, the new version of the passport also removes some historical elements in the old version of the passport, such as some important historical figures, the monument of the Vili Ling battle. The opposition and some agencies have expressed dissatisfaction. Fraser, the Minister of Kuchin, refugee and citizen affairs, responded that the design of the new passport has been consulted and negotiated with relevant government departments and the Aboriginal community.
Since the design of the new version of the passport has begun before the new royal coat of the British King Charles III approves, the original royal coat of coattop is still retained in the new passport.
The new Canadian passport will be launched later this summer. In addition, the old version of the passport is still safe and reliable. It is recommended that Canadian citizens holding valid passports only need to renew the new passport when they are close to the normal update date.
According to Canadian official data, since this year, the application for passports has reached a total of 209,500, and there have been 210,000 passports.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393504 
The US regulatory agency says that China's audit company has a major defect China: willing to cooperate 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T15:29:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T15:43:45-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The U.S. Accounting Supervision Commission (PCAOB) said that in the audit of Chinese companies listed in the United States, an unacceptable high defect rate was found. Network screenshot
The U.S. Accounting Supervision Committee (PCAOB) said on May 10 that in the audit of Chinese companies listed in the United States, an unacceptable high defect rate was found. The China Securities Regulatory Commission responded on Thursday (May 11) that they were willing to cooperate with the United States to promote supervision and ensure the rights and interests of global investors.
According to the China Securities Regulatory Commission's response to Reuters, the China Securities Regulatory Commission stated that the US accounting regulatory agency found that defects were normal in the first audit. Beijing will continue to cooperate with the United States.
The U.S. Accounting Supervision Committee of the United States made investigation and review reports on China's KPMG Huazhenllp and Hong Kong Polo Yongdao Accountants (PWC) last year. EricaWilliams, chairman of the committee, said in a statement that the report shows that there is an unacceptable high defect rate of the audit work of the two accounting firms, so that the staff of the committee believes that the audit company has not obtained enough appropriate audit evidence, and it will come. Support its internal control of financial reports or financial reports of listed companies.
The United States and China reached an agreement in August last year to try to solve the long -term dispute about the audit compliance of China Stock Corporation. Beijing allows the United States to conduct audit inspections on Chinese companies listed in New York to avoid about 200 Chinese listed companies, including Alibaba and JD.com, may be delisted from the US stock market to the market.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-05112023152444.html 
I have disclosed that a student who sent a student to send a Hong Kong independent message returned to Hong Kong and was arrested. Japanese professor did not dare to go to China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T15:32:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:01:41-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Ago Zhizi, a professor of comprehensive cultural research at the University of Tokyo, who has been paying attention to China for a long time, provided/RFA information
A Hong Kong girl studying in Japan has recently made independent remarks on Hong Kong on the Internet and was arrested after returning to Hong Kong. Japanese professor Agu Tomoko, who disclosed the incident, told the Central News Agency on May 11 that the female student's return to Hong Kong was arrested in the Japanese education community. Many teachers and Chinese and Hong Kong students were worried.
Agu Tomoko said that she wanted to do research in China again, and she was temporarily put on hold, because it was too dangerous. "I don't know where the red line is." She also revealed that the girl has not been able to return to school in Japan. At present Only one teacher studying university was willing to provide her with online lectures, and other teachers were unwilling.
According to the Central News Agency, Agu Zhiko has lived in Hong Kong for several years before and after the transfer of sovereignty in Hong Kong, and took a doctoral course at the University of Hong Kong. Essence
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-05112023153032.html 
Reuters: TIKTOK denies that postponed shopping platforms in the United States 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T15:32
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T15:54
Description: The Wall Street Journal quoted on Wednesday (May 10) quoted unnamed sources that Tiktok postponed its shopping platform Tiktok Shop in the United States. Tiktok denied the report later that day. Reuters reports, tik ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['TikTok', '美国']
The Wall Street Journal quoted on Wednesday (May 10) quoted unnamed sources that Tiktok postponed its shopping platform TIKTOKSHOP in the United States. Tiktok denied the report later that day.
Reuters reports that a Tiktok spokesman pointed out in an email statement: "Tiktok is committed to testing and learning strategies, and he is also glad to continue to expand the test in the United States. People's interest in Tiktokshop is increasing. The company invites more merchants to enter the platform."
As of March, Tiktok owned about 150 million per month in the United States, which was higher than 100 million in 2020.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393506 
Mongolian historians were rumored to be arrested by Chinese police cross -border 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T15:35:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:02:13-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Screenshots of the official website of the Mongolian historian La curtain
According to the "South Mongolia Human Rights Information Center" headquarters in New York, Mongolian historian and writer Lhamjab A. Borjigin was arrested by four Chinese police on Mongolia on May 3 and returned to it China.
Rataka's friends confirmed the news to the "South Mongolia Human Rights Information Center" in Ulanba. According to the "South Mongolian Human Rights Information Center" statement draft, the Rusa Department revealed to the human rights organization a week before the arrest that the Chinese authorities were harassing and threatening his family in Inner Mongolia.
The "South Mongolian Human Rights Information Center" stated in the statement that the tabora told them that police and national security personnel went to visit his family and put pressure on them to bring their family back to China.
"They claimed to come to Mongolia with my daughter, and then brought me back." The statement quoted his words.
This station had previously reported that in 2019, La Zha's minister wrote a book called "The Chinese Cultural Revolution" in 2019. He was charged with "national division", "destroying national unity" and participating in "illegal publication and distribution". According to the "South Mongolian Human Rights Information Center" statement, he was sentenced to 2 years in prison. In 2021, after the sentence expired, he was "monitored and lived" indefinitely. Until March 6, 2023, he successfully fled China and arrived in Mongolia.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-05112023153330.html 
Ding Xuexiang emphasized whether the overall implementation of employment preferentially saved the unemployment rate of Chinese youths? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T15:38:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:02:37-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Vice Premier Ding Xuexiang France France France France -Presse Information Picture Picture
The graduation season of colleges and universities is approaching, and the unemployment rate of youth in China has become the focus. Ding Xuexiang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Deputy Prime Minister of the State Council, stated that it is necessary to fully implement the employment priority policies such as employment and other employment of college graduates.
According to the Chinese official media Xinhua News Agency, young employment and entrepreneurship work TV conferences such as college graduates across the country were held in Beijing on May 11th. Ding Xuexiang attended the meeting and delivered a speech. Ding Xuexiang said that it is necessary to comprehensively implement the employment priority policy, and to implement the implementation of policies and measures in stability, and pay attention to accuracy and effectiveness. Vigorously develop market -oriented employment channels, a package to fulfill social insurance subsidies, absorb employment subsidies, and vocational training subsidies.
He said that at the same time, it has implemented grass -roots employment projects to stabilize the "special post plan", "three branches and one support", and "Western Plan", and implement various preferential policies. Guide college graduates to employment in urban and rural communities.
According to data released by China in April this year, China ’s unemployment rate in China in March was still as high as 19.6%.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-05112023153657.html 
Yellen: Debt defaults will weaken the international leadership and national security 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T15:59
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:05
Description: US Treasury Secretary Yellen pointed out that even if the United States has no "disaster" of debt defaults, the Republican Party has imposed a political marginal policy to raise the topic of US debt limit, and it may pay a "serious economic price". Comprehensive Bloomberg and Agence France -Presse reported that Yellen on Thursday (May 11th ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国财政部', '耶伦', '债务违约', '七国集团']
US Treasury Secretary Yellen pointed out that even if the United States has no "disaster" of debt defaults, the Republican Party has imposed a political marginal policy to raise the topic of US debt limit, and it may pay a "serious economic price".
According to Bloomberg and AFP, Yellen participated in the Seventh -way Group (G7) Finance Minister Conference on Thursday (May 11). The achievements of the United States 'efforts in the recovery of the epidemic will trigger the global economic recession, allow the United States to further retreat. It may also weaken the United States' global economic leadership position and trigger questioning the United States to defend national security interests.
Yellen has recently emphasized the serious consequences of debt defaults, and repeatedly warned that the Ministry of Finance may exhaust cash in early June.
President Biden Biden held a meeting with Republicans on Wednesday (10th) with Republican members on the issue of debt limit, but did not make effective progress.
Former US President Trump was urged by the Republican Party to adhere to its stance in a live broadcast interview with the United States CNN on Wednesday. If the Democratic Party did not agree to reduce expenses, he refused to raise the upper limit of debt and let the national debt default.
Yellen said to Trump's above -mentioned remarks that "the United States should never breach contracts" because "this will cause huge damage to the economy and finance."
In addition, Yellen formulated the priority of this meeting at the G7 Treasury Secretary meeting on Thursday, including strengthening the global economy through individual and joint operations, reducing inflation, increasing Ukraine's lower than Russian invasion, and improving the long -term toughness of the economy. Wait for topics.
Yellen also shows that it will weaken Russia's ability to war in Ukraine and take action to destroy Russia's escape from international sanctions.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393510 
Hong Kong's rule of law retreats to the United States Council for sanctioning Hong Kong judges 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T16:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:03:27-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png ", " 000003.png "]
 The China Congress and the Chinese Commission (CECC) held a hearing on the 11th to publicize the publicity of the serious retreat of the rule of law in Hong Kong. (CECC Hearing Video Screenshot) Since the Beijing authorities have pushed the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District" in 2020, Hong Kong's former "one country, two systems" commitment has been demanding death. At the hearing organized by the U.S. Congress on Thursday, several members expressed their concerns about the serious retreat of the rule of law in Hong Kong.
The son of Li Zhiying went to the UK to urge the British government to speak for his father [ Human Rights Directors talks about the Li Zhiying case.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec-03162023071309.html) * [ Li Zhiying hired a foreign lawyer to the Standing Committee of the Chinese People's Congress.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-12272022110558.html) * 
On Thursday, the CECC held a hearing at the CECC). Chrissmith, chairman of the committee and Republican member of the Republican party, pointed out that after Hong Kong's implementation of the "National Security Law of the Port District", the rule of law has retreated sharply: "Hong Kong no longer owns the rule of law but is made by law. Made by the leaders of the Communist Party in Beijing. "
 The Chairman of the CECC and Republican member Chris Smith (CECC), chairman of the CECC.(CECC Hearing Video Screenshot) Smith criticized the freedom of remarks and assemblies of the Hong Kong people in the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District", but Hong Kong officials were complacent: "Deng Bingqiang, director of the Hong Kong Security Agency, bragged last month that in Hong Kong, the crime of crime related to Guoan is the crime. 100%. "
U.S. Democratic Representatives Andreasalinas also expressed their concerns about the increasingly broken judicial system of Hong Kong at the meeting: "I am extremely worried about the retrogression of Hong Kong's freedom and democracy. False charges are contrary to international legal standards. "
Li Chongen: Li Zhiying may be sentenced to life imprisonment 
Li Chongen, the son of Li Zhiying, the founder of the Hong Kong "Apple Daily", also attended the hearing. He pointed out that Li Zhiying was suppressed by the Chinese chief in order to defend his remarks, and now Li Zhiying is arrested. Although the court has not made a final ruling, Li Zhiying is likely to be unable to obtain freedom in his lifetime according to the judicial trend of Hong Kong.
 Li Chongen, the son of Li Zhiying, the founder of the Hong Kong "Apple Daily", also attended the hearing.(CECC Hearing Video Screenshot) Li Chongen said: "He (Li Zhiying) is convinced of freedom, democracy, and human rights, because these values have founded the" Apple Daily "because he said that" free and independent news will have no democracy '.... My father founded "Apple After the Daily, he confronted China, and the Chinese leader targeted him. After the Hong Kong Democratic Movement, the Hong Kong authorities shattered his career and took him into the prison. "National Security Law" and incite crime. "
Li Chongen also said that the Hong Kong authorities investigated the "Apple Daily" and the "fraud crime" re -sentenced Li Zhiying for 5 years and 9 months. Bad, the cost of business in Hong Kong has become quite high. "
The Cantonese group of this station had previously reported that Li Zhiying was rented to the relevant company of Apple Group for the 0.16%area of the factory building. In December 2022, the Hong Kong court was sentenced to 5 years and 9 months in prison for "fraud", fined 2 million Hong Kong dollars And for 8 years as a company's director.
American writer: Hong Kong's younger generation is " being detained by generation " 
 American writer Briankern, who has lived in Hong Kong for a long time, also published testimony at the hearing.(CECC Hearing Video Screenshot) Cohen also mentioned that most of the political prisoners arrested by the Hong Kong authorities are young people: "Hong Kong's political prisoners are mainly divided into three types, first of all, the protesters participating in Hong Kong's counterfeiting campaign; second, because they violate the National Security Law Those who were arrested; third, those who violated the "incitement". Among them, the most personally sentenced because of the democratic movement, about 1,300 people. Young people were particularly targeted. This is 10%of the total number of political prisoners in Hong Kong; 70%of political prisoners are less than 30 years old. I call young people in Hong Kong today as the detained generations. Their common experience is oppressed by the government. "
American Representatives Named: Should siege specific Hong Kong judges 
Cohen suggested that the U.S. government should formulate relevant policies to assist the sustainable development of democratic rule of law in Hong Kong and assist Hong Kong residents to political refuge in the United States.
Members of Smith urged the US government to sanction the judges who endanger the judicial system of Hong Kong: "Just like we sanctioned Venezuela and Iranian judges, we should sanction Hong Kong judge Hu Yawen because she infringes the rule of law and the judicial system. We should also sanction Judge Guo Weijian, he sentenced to 19 months of prisoner of five language therapists, because these therapists issued 3 children's books about sheep and wild wolves. The above -mentioned children's books were found to be related to incitement. "
This station has previously reported that since 2020, the Hong Kong Word Therapist Federation of Trade Unions has successively published three children's picture books "Yangcun Guardian", "Yangcun Twelve Warriors" and "Yangcun Chiang Daofu". The above -mentioned picture books were accused of reflecting relevant incidents such as demonstrations and demonstrations, and described Hong Kong and China in "Yangcun" and "Wolf Village". The picture book has led to five directors of the Hong Kong Word Therapist Association in September last year.
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Responsible: He Ping.com Editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/tj-05112023105743.html 
Report: The shooting incident in the Marseille Factory in Germany made two dead 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T16:08
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T18:01
Description: The German "Photo" reported that a shooting incident occurred on Thursday (May 11), a Marseille Land in southern Germany, the two people died. The report quoted the police as saying that a suspect had been detained and the background of the shooting incident was unclear. It is reported that the rescue workers in the reign ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['德国', '枪击']
The German "Photo" reported that a shooting incident occurred on Thursday (May 11), a Marseille Land in southern Germany, the two people died.
The report quoted the police as saying that a suspect had been detained and the background of the shooting incident was unclear. It is reported that rescuers are at the site of the 56th factory in Sindinen, and the factory is responsible for assembling the S -Class car.
The German police confirmed on Twitter that it was conducting a operation in this factory, but no casualties were mentioned. Marseille -Mercedes -Benz confirmed that the factory had an incident and had been in contact with the authorities, but did not explain in detail.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393514 
Guo Feixiong was sentenced to "inciting crime" to repeat international public opinion call for people to let people go 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T16:16:10-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:16:10-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png ", " 000002.png "]
 Profile picture: Chinese dissident Guo Feixiong New Citizen Movement Guo Feixiong (name Yang Maodong), a well -known rights protection person in China, was sentenced to 8 years by the Guangzhou Intermediate Court on Thursday (11th) on Thursday (11th), which has attracted strong attention from international public opinion. After the US Embassy's diplomats in China were refused to enter the court, they called on the Chinese authorities to let go as soon as possible.
Guo Feixiong's crime of "inciting" was sentenced to eight years of prison * * * * * * Wife's wife's death Guo Feixiong was blocked to the United States forced disappearance On Thursday morning, Guo Feixiong, a well -known Chinese activist, was charged with the case of "inciting subversion of the state power" in the court of the Guangzhou Intermediate Court. Guo Feixiong and the defense lawyer were defended. Subsequently, the court announced that Guo Feixiong had been "incurable" and sentenced to 8 years in prison and deprived of political rights for 3 years. Guo Feixiong said that he would not accept the verdict and appealed.
Multi -country diplomats have been refused to listen to the virtue embassy calling on Beijing to release people 
According to Reuters, on the day of the trial, diplomats from the United States, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, the Netherlands, and Britain were all rejected by the court.
The U.S. Embassy in China said through its Twitter account on the same day: "Today, US diplomats are blocked and failed to listen to the court trial against Guo Feixiong ... We continue to call for Mr. Guo as soon as possible so that he can reunite with his family."
 
China Congress and Administrative Authority China Committee(Cete)Chairman Chris Smith(Rep. Chris Smith)At a hearing on the day, it was also mentioned: "In mainland China, political prisoners like Guo Feixiong are facing false trials to subvert the state power."
Human Rights Organization : The international community work together to let Guo Feixiong's release 
Guo Feixiong, a 56 -year -old, is one of the important participants and leaders of the Chinese New Citizen Movement. He has been detained by the authorities for many times for participating in rights protection operations, defending support for Falun Gong, and demanding the property of the CCP officials. He had been imprisoned for 5 years from 2006 to 2011; in 2013, he was sentenced to suspected "gathering public disruption of public places" and torture; he was sentenced to 6 years in November 2015 and was released in August 2019.
 The U.S. Congress held a hearing on Guo Feixiong's case (RFA data picture) [] In January 2021, Guo Feixiong tried to visit Zhang Qing, a seriously ill wife in the United States, but was blocked by the authorities and failed to leave the country. After the death of Guo Feixiong's wife in January 2022, the authorities had imprisoned him to this day with suspected "inciting subversion of the state power". This time, Guo Feixiong was sentenced to the third time.
The "Frontline Warrior", who has awarded Guo Feixiong's "Frontline Guard Award", condemned it for eight years in prison and called on the Chinese authorities to release Guo Feixiong immediately. Founder of the Frontline Guardian and the Special Commissioner of the UN Human Rights Defender Marlalo(MaryLawlor)Said: "This once again shows that when we celebrate the 75th anniversary of the World Human Rights, China completely ignores the many values that contain."
Wang Yaqiu, a researcher at the Chinese Ministry of the International Organization "Human Rights Observation", told this station: "I was very sad to hear this news, but it was not surprising. Because Guo Feixiong is a very strong and persistent human rights defender. The defenders have no tolerance. We 'human rights observation' hopes that the international community can call together and release him unconditionally immediately. "
Salar Cook, a senior consultant of the "Freedom House" in Washington, in Washington(SarahCook)It also told this station that the Chinese authorities are obviously to allow those who have for human rights defenders and the ideological leaders who have the courage to criticize the CCP system. "Pay a greater price for their behavior."
In April of this year, the Chinese court sentenced Xu Zhiyong, a human rights defender Xu Zhiyong and the rights protection lawyer Ding Jiaxi for 14 and 12 years of serious punishment with the "crime of subverting the state power".
Yang Jianli, the founder of the "Citizen Power" of the American folk organization, believes that now Guo Feixiong has been sentenced to 8 years, and it shows the cruelty of the CCP authorities: "It knows that these people cannot change through any method, and it takes their best time for their best time. Keep in prison. "According to the information provided by the "China Human Rights Lawyer Group" in Twitter, Guo Feixiong's brother Yang Maoquan, the so -called crimes announced by the court announced: "Long -term writing and publishing articles on the Internet", "Create the World Constitutional Democratic Forum in 2020" The incarient articles written with others, as well as "interviews on January 27, 2021, slandering the Chinese political system".
However, in the end of the draft, the Guangzhou Intermediate People's Court did not notify the content of the Guo Feixiong case, and it was impossible to find relevant information on the Chinese Internet.
"HRIC (HRIC (HRIC, New York)"On Thursday, Guo Feixiong issued a tweet and emphasized:" Freedom of speech is basic human rights!Conflict with the rule of law, without the rule of law!"
"Human Rights Observation" researcher Wang Yaqiu also told this station that Guo Feixiong was obviously convicted: "These are exactly the scope of freedom of speech. He hopes that Chinese society can become more free, fair, and more righteous. "Wang Yaqiu believes that the case shows that the Chinese authorities are unbearable to any criticism of its criticism.
 Chinese dismissal Guo Feixiong(Sui Muqing provided) [] Sarah Cook, a senior consultant of "Freedom House", said: "Unfortunately, there are many cases like Guo Feixiong in China. This is just the tip of the iceberg of the political system of the judicial system."
Rev. Guo Baosheng, who is familiar with Guo Feixiong's current affairs commentator, told this station: "In fact, this time the suppression is completely unreasonable. Of course, its purpose is to seriously judge this leader, and then further deterrent these human rights and democratic movements in China. Suppress. "
Chen Jiangang, a lawyer in the United States, also told this station that Guo Feixiong was not sensitive to the Chinese authorities' convictions. This case was further reflected in China's judicial retrogression under the leadership of Xi Jinping. He said: "Now it has reached the point where the legal system is completely impossible to see a little shadow, and there is no trial. The current state is just a procedure for the Cultural Revolution to suppress class enemies that year."
Guo Feixiong talked about political claims: realize " true freedom, ⺠ Lord, human rights, rule of law " " " " " " " " " " " "**"
In the defense words of the Guo Feixiong court obtained by this station, Guo Feixiong said that the court had no need for his "political structure crime". Over the years, his political claims and political ideals have never changed. Freedom, Lord, human rights, rule of law ".
He also said that the "diverse and balanced constitutional democracy system" is the only political system that can realize the long -term security of the Chinese people's future and social longevity, and it is also a "only way out" that can help today's Chinese society to completely get rid of the deep crisis.
Yang Jianli told this station that he had arranged Guo Feixiong's son Yang Tiance to attend the "Human Rights Democratic Summit" held in Geneva, Switzerland on the 17th to speak to rescue his father's appeal.
Reporter: Caddy Editor: He Ping.com Editor: He Zuan ****
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/kw-05112023120832.html 
Han Zheng's visit to the Dutch national security threat and semiconductor restrictions into the focus 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T16:22:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:38:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China Vice President Han Zheng visited the Netherlands on the 11th to meet with the Dutch Prime Minister in Hague. Reuters pictures
China Vice President Han Zheng visited the Netherlands on the 11th to meet with the Dutch King and Prime Minister. Local media pay attention to the Dutch semiconductor ban and China's threat to its national security.
The Dutch media "DeteleGraaf" reported that recently the Dutch relations with China have been tight. Due to the Dutch Military Intelligence and Security Bureau (MIVD) and the General Administration of Intelligence and Security (AIVD) in April this year, it has published an annual report that China is the Netherlands that the Netherlands is the Netherlands. The biggest information and economic security threats.
In addition, because the Dutch government announced in March, the implementation of semiconductor export control has caused more than 90 % of the global cities to accounted for more than 90 % of the semiconductor manufacturing equipment manufacturer Esmore (ASML) export equipment affected to China, holding the process of semiconductor upgrade, causing China to rebound.
Not only that, in the past two years, at least eight municipal authorities in the Netherlands and the end of the two provinces and the relationship between sisters and sisters concluded in China.
Recently, the EU Foreign Minister's Meeting will discuss and update the Chinese policy, as well as about 60 foreign ministers talks with the EU and the Indo -Pacific region will also have Chinese issues. The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs also kept visiting. In addition to Han Zheng, Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang also visited Germany, France and Norway.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-05112023162001.html 
A building in Wuhan, Hubei has a fire and a resident jumps from the window to escape 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T16:27:05-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:27:05-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A building near Wangjiawan, Hanyang District, Wuhan, Hubei, burst into fire on the afternoon of May 11, local time Screenshot of Internet video
A building near Wangjiawan, Hanyang District, Wuhan, Hubei broke out on the afternoon of May 11, local time. Many residents rumored to escape. According to the video of the Internet, a large number of dark smoke emerged at the fire scene on the first floor of the building, and there were still trapped people walking around the platform outside the building.
The staff of the Emergency Administration of Hanyang District in Wuhan City said that the fire has been controlled at the time of the media, and the news of the casualties has not been received. According to the location of the video and scene pictures, "Surging News" pointed out that the location of the fire should be Shanxiang Hotel, but it cannot be contacted to the hotel operator.
The Chinese media "Benliu News" reported that some familiar with the matter said that the building involved was being renovated at the time. After the fire alarm occurred, some residents jumped from the 6th floor to escape, and some nearby residents said that due to the large fire, some bungalows near the building were also affected by the waves. Essence
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-05112023162336.html 
China's car production and sales in April now declined 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T16:32:07-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:32:07-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A car dealer in Pingdingshan, Henan Province, customers are watching the car. Reuters information picture
According to data released by the China Automobile Industry Association on May 11, the car production and sales in April completed 2.133 million and 2.159 million, respectively, a decrease of 17.5%and 11.9%from March, respectively. This is the first decline in this year.
The China Automobile Industry Association pointed out at the information conference that the pressure of economic decline continues to increase, and the demand is still insufficient. The automotive industry needs to expand the policy of consumption. The Association pointed out that due to the irrational promotions since March, consumers have watched currency holdings, and the current car consumption is still in the process of slow recovery. In addition, the recovery speed of the commercial vehicle industry is less than expected. Decreased.
Although the data in April this year increased significantly compared with the same period last year, the reason was that during the period of last year, the authorities implemented a zero -zero policy, which led to the fell to the bottom of the car production and sales.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-05112023162813.html 
Yin Xiyue, the establishment of the National Defense Innovation Committee, promoted the reform of the Han Army to enhance military strength 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T16:34
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:42
Description: South Korean President Yin Xiyue asked the South Korean military to implement reforms, enhance military strength, and proposed the idea of establishing a "strategic command department". The Yonhap News Agency reported that South Korea officially established the Presidential National Defense Innovation Committee on Thursday (May 11), which will be responsible for reviewing and adjusting the "National ... National ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '朝鲜半岛', '军事', '尹锡悦', '朝鲜']
South Korean President Yin Xiyue asked the South Korean military to implement reforms, enhance military strength, and proposed the idea of establishing a "strategic command department".
The Yonhap News Agency reported that South Korea officially established the Presidential National Defense Innovation Commission on Thursday (May 11), which will be responsible for reviewing and adjusting the "Basic Plan for National Defense Innovation 4.0" promoted by the Ministry of National Defense, and is personally chairman of the president.
Yin Xiyue hosted the first meeting of the National Defense Innovation Committee at the Presidential Palace of Longshan, Seoul that day. He pointed out that in the context of the rapid changes in the global security situation such as the threat of North Korea's nuclear threats and the rapid development of science and technology, the military should have a big sword on management systems and software and hardware. Implement reform so that you can get the trust of the people.
In response to the goal of national defense reform, Yin Xiyue instructed that in the face of increasingly upgraded North Korean nuclear guidance threats, the Korean Army needs to have an overwhelming counter -control force to effectively adjust the internal structure according to the changes in the strategic environment at home and abroad, and become a dare to win and make the enemy. Fear strong army. To this end, the Han Army needs to enhance the deterrence and have the ability to reconnaissance, surveillance, analysis, accurate strike ability, and multi -layer air defense capabilities for the DPRK.
Yin Xiyue also said that the committee considers the establishment of the "Strategic Command" to strengthen the cooperation between the three army and air and air forces, effectively integrate and use the combat power scattered in various military. The military needs to optimize the command system to improve the efficiency of decision -making, and to improve the system based on the combat task based on the combat system of someone and no one.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393520 
European stocks fell more 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T17:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T16:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 11th) In the news that investors measured the latest US inflation data, regional banks "Pacwest" (PACWEST) financial constitution, and the Central Bank of the British Raiders to raise interest rates, the major European stock markets received more today fall.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The U.S. Department of Labor announced today that the monthly producer price index (PPI) increased by 0.2%, slightly lower than market expectations. However, the company's stock price plummeted after the deposit was lost.
The Bank of England (Bank of England) today decided to increase the benchmark interest rate by 1 yard to 4.5%to fight against high inflation and set the highest level in the past 15 years.
The London FTSE 100 Index fell 10.75 points or 0.14%at 7730.58 points.
The Frankfurt DAX index fell 61.32 points or 0.39%to close at 15834.91 points.
The Paris CAC 40 index rose 20.58 points or 0.28%to close 7381.78 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230511-%E6%AC%A7%E8%82%A1%E8%B7%8C%E5%A4%9A%E6%B6%A8%E5%B0%91 
Japan Central Bank President: The global financial system restores calm G7 will communicate closely in unstable 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T17:07
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T17:28
Description: The Governor of the Bank of Japan, Shikada and the male on Thursday (May 11), said that after several banks in the United States recently closed down, the global financial system has resumed calm, but the fiscal leaders of the Seven Kingdoms (G7) will communicate closely to cope with Any restarted instability. road...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '七国集团', '金融风险']
The Governor of the Bank of Japan, Shikada and the male on Thursday (May 11), said that after several banks in the United States recently closed down, the global financial system has resumed calm, but the fiscal leaders of the Seven Kingdoms (G7) will communicate closely to cope with Any restarted instability.
Reuters reported that Shitian and men pointed out that the recent turmoil has not seriously affected the Japanese banking system. The pressure test results show that Japanese banks have not faced major problems.
Shikada and men told reporters before participating in the G7 Finance Secretary meeting that day: "Due to the rapid response of the United States and European authorities, the financial market and the global banking system have resumed calm. Views. We will re -investigate the past incidents and communicate closely on the current situation. "
The G7 Finance Minister Conference on Thursday will discuss the global financial system risk -related issues.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393529 
The European Parliament takes some AI regulatory measures through some AI supervision measures 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T17:48
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T17:48
Description: The European Parliament legislators voted on Thursday (May 11) the attractive "Artificial Intelligence Act" to vote for some artificial intelligence for disable facial recognition and predictive warning services for disable public places ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['欧盟', '人工智能']
The European Parliament legislators voted on Thursday (May 11) the attractive "Artificial IntelligenceAct" to reached a vote for some artificial intelligence (AI) technical regulatory measures for the disability of the facial recognition and predictive warning services of public places, and Consistent.
Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that the EU's 2021 "Artificial Intelligence Law" will become the first comprehensive bill to manage AI technology. After two years of negotiations, the bill is now expected to make new progress and enter the negotiation stage of committees and member states.
Before the voting of the day, some members of the European Parliament pointed out that the importance of artificial intelligence is obvious today. The society expects that legislators will have a firm action on artificial intelligence and its impact on the public's life.
This voting agrees to disable artificial intelligence systems such as biometric monitoring, emotional recognition and predictive warning services in public places.
The bill also seek new transparent measures for the production artificial intelligence system such as ChatGPT. For example, the relevant application must inform the user that its content must be generated by machines rather than humans.
In the proposal of this meeting, artificial intelligence companies will be asked to control their algorithms, provide technical documents, and establish a risk management system for "high risk" applications. Each EU member states will set up a supervision agency to ensure that these rules are observed.
The European Parliament said that this voting is a "milestone" for regulating artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence should serve people, society, and environmental environment, and cannot be inverted.
However, the implementation of regulatory measures does not mean that artificial intelligence technology is strictly prohibited. The EU still calls for and supports the promotion of innovation in the artificial intelligence industry.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393539 
CNN: Britain provides multiple "storm shadows" cruise missiles for Ukraine 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T18:38
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T23:12
Description: Several Western officials revealed that Britain provided Ukraine with a number of "Storm Shadow" cruise missiles to help Ukraine's counterattack. American CNN (CNN) reported on Thursday (May 11) that "Storm Shadow" is one ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '英国', '武器', '导弹']
Several Western officials revealed that Britain provided Ukraine with a number of "Storm Shadow" cruise missiles to help Ukraine's counterattack.
The United States CNN (CNN) reported on Thursday (May 11) that "Storm Shadow" is a remote cruise missile with invisible ability, jointly developed by the United Kingdom and France, and is usually launched from the air.
The range of "Storm Shadow" is more than 250 kilometers, which is almost the same as that of Ukraine's long -required U.S. -System -to -ground Army Tactical Missile System (ATACMS).
CNN pointed out that the key point is that the range of "Storm Shadow" can penetrate into the Russian control territory of Wudong. A Western official told CNN that Britain has been guaranteed by the Ukrainian government that these missiles will only be used in Ukraine's sovereign territory, rather than in Russia.
CNN quoted a senior US military official that emphasized that this missile has really changed the chess game from the perspective of the range and provides Kiev with the ability that has been needed since the outbreak of the war. The maximum range of weapons provided by the U.S. for the U.S. Army is about 78.9 kilometers.
The British confirmed this news. The Minister of Defense Wallace stated to Congress on Thursday that before assisting the "Storm Shadow" missiles to Ukraine, the government had a minimized risk and avoiding unnecessary provocation of Russia. "It is important to provide Ukraine (it is important to provide Ukraine ( The ability required for combat. To allow Ukraine to defend yourself. "
The Cremlin of Russia commented on Thursday that Britain provided Ukraine to provide "Storm Shadow" cruise missiles in Britain to ask the Russian army to "make full response".
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393555 
Direct strike at the scene: immigration asylum in Renaosa, Mexico 
Author: VOA
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T19:31:15+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 11:31:15Z
Description: In recent months, the number of illegal immigrants in China has entered the United States through Mexico. VOA reporters drove from McAllen, Texas to Renosa, a border town of Mexico. There are many drug trafficking gangs. It is also a place where many illegal immigrants who want to enter the United States. I have received the immigration asylum in China to understand the scene of the scene.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['每日视频新闻', '美国移民/难民议题', '社媒-最IN视频']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/7088349.html 
The US market has slightly higher before the market on Thursday to focus on the entertainment giant Disney quarterly performance 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T19:34
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T21:24
Description: ● The latest US inflation data released overnight shows that consumer prices have cool down for the 10th consecutive month, driving the main stock index futures futures in the United States on Thursday (11th) slightly higher. Many investors speculate that the Fed may suspend interest rate hikes. ● At 7:00, the standard ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国股市', '美市', '财经即时', '迪士尼']
Thursday (May 11):
● The latest US inflation data released overnight shows that consumer prices have cool down for the 10th consecutive month, driving the main stock index futures futures in the United States on Thursday (11th) slightly higher. Many investors speculate that the Fed may suspend interest rate hikes.
● At 7:00, the standard with the Pur 500 index futures slightly rose by 5.60 points or 0.13 % to 4143.20 points; the Nasdaq 100 index futures starting at 23.90 points or 0.18 % to 13371.70 points; Point, report at 33509.50 points.
● In April released overnight, inflation figures increased lower than forecasting, coupled with the boost of the launch of the latest artificial intelligence news, the Geogle parent company Alphabetincinc, which is generally higher in the overnight (Wednesday) of technology stocks, driving the Nasdaq index at the highest level throughout the day. Close the market.
● The standard and the Pur 500 Index rose 18.47 points overnight, and the closed market was 4137.64 points. The heavyweight Dow Jones Index fell by 30.48 points, and the market newspaper was closed 33531.33 points. The Nasdaq 100 Index, which is mainly technology stocks, rose 1.11 % or 146.71 points, and closed at 13347.83 points.
● The US stock market's overnight transactions are active. The total transaction volume of the exchange is 11 billion shares, which is more than the average transaction volume of 10.7 billion shares in the past 20 days.
Pre -trading focus: 
● Resort rental company Airbnbinc was cautious overnight to the performance prospect overnight, which led to the largest decline in the six months of the stock price, down 10.92 %. Audemars Piguet welcomed the stock price to stabilize before the market, from 0.21 US dollars, and US $ 113.40.
● UNITYSOFTWARE's low -losing ratio analysts predicted in the first quarter of the first quarter, and the forecast of the second quarter of turnover also exceeded analysts' general predictions, driving the stock price to increase by $ 2.66 tonight, $ 31.40 in the deadline.
● Tapestryinc, which has Coach, Kate Spade, and Stuart Weitzman fashion brands, will release performance before the stock market opening tonight. The stock price rose 0.56 US dollars tonight, at $ 37.70.
● Thursday below, let's take a look at the quarterly performance of the entertainment giant Disney. The stock fell 5.61 US dollars tonight, and the paid time reported $ 95.53.
● Active shares before the market: Western Pacific Bank, Alphabet Inc A shares, Palantir Technologies, Tesla and Alphabet Incc. At the time of the draft, in addition to the decline in the stock price of the Western Pacific Bank of Hezhong Bank, the stock prices of the other four active stocks rose.
 A highlight of Disney's performance comes from its theme park, experience and product department. In the second quarter, the turnover of this department increased 17 % to $ 7.7 billion. (File photo)
(The Walt Disney Company) (New York Stock Exchange code: DIS) 
Although the entertainment giants Disney's streaming subscribers have been reduced from the previous month, due to the throwing, the loss of the business has also reduced more than $ 400 million compared with the previous quarter. The overall quarterly performance also complies with the predictions of Wall Street analysts. Due to the decrease in book owners, there was no surprise in performance. Disney's stock price fell 4.48 % to $ 96.61 after overnight.
The only more fresh news is that CEO Bobiger revealed that it will launch a new application platform service that combines Disney+and Hulu general entertainment services suitable for home reservations by the end of this year. Disney hopes to expand its streaming field through this new service.
According to the second quarter performance report of Disney as of April 1 this year, the Group's turnover increased by 13 % year -on -year to US $ 21.820 million. Disney's net profit is 1.49 billion US dollars, that is, $ 0.69 per share, which is better than $ 597 million in the same period last year, and a profit of $ 0.26 per share.
After being included in other projects, the profit after adjustment is $ 0.93. According to the average prediction of analysts collected by Refinitiv, the turnover is US $ 21.78 million, with a profit of $ 0.93 per share.
In this quarter, the total number of subscribers of the Group's flagship Disney+decreased by 4 million to 157.8 million. Fortunately, because of the rise in Disney+increased price and decrease in marketing costs, it improved the performance of streaming media from January to March this year. The quarterly losses also decreased from $ 1.1 billion in a month -on -month to $ 659 million.
Analysts previously collected by Streetaccount generally predict that the total number of subscribers of Disney+will increase slightly by less than 1 % to 163.17 million households. I did not expect that the actual number was less than 5 million.
A highlight of Disney's performance comes from its theme park, experience and product department. In the second quarter, the turnover increased by 17 % to $ 7.7 billion, of which about 5.5 billion US dollars came from Disney theme parks. Group executives said that the theme parks spent more time and money experience in the international and foreign international theme parks, hotels and cruise services in the United States in the United States. Especially for its cruise ship business, the number of days ordered by passengers has increased.
Although Disney's stock price has retreated after the performance was released, the stock has risen by 13.68 % since the beginning of the year. Among the 13 analysts of Tipranks, 10 also rated Disney's "buying" to Disney shares, and three rated "holding". The average target price of the one -year period was $ 128.64.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393563 
Zelei: Don’t worry about the results of the US election, I believe that the Ukrainian army will win 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T19:52
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T20:01
Description: 乌克兰总统泽连斯基称并不担心美国2024年总统选举结果对乌影响如何，因为在那之前，乌克兰将已打赢战争。美国有线新闻网（CNN）报道，泽连斯基在星期四（5月11日）播出的访谈中发表上...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '美国', '乌克兰', '泽连斯基']
Ukrainian President Zelezki said that he did not worry about how the US Presidential election results would affect Ukraine in 2024, because before that, Ukraine would win the war.
The United States CNN reported that the above -mentioned remarks were published in an interview broadcast on Thursday (May 11). He said to the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) in the public of European public media: "Who knows which step will we (in the US election)? I believe that Ukraine will win before that."
He also said that Ukraine continued to be supported by the Republican and Democratic parties of the US Congress.
Since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, the United States has provided a lot of financial and military support for Ukraine, including on Tuesday (9th) that it was announced to Ukraine [] [] It includes air defense systems, ammunition and training funds.
Former US President Trump refused to respond to which one of Russia and Ukraine, who did not want someone to die, including Russians and Ukraine.
Russia and Ukraine have lasted for more than a year, and Ukraine's counterattack plan has attracted much attention in the near future.
According to many foreign media reports, Zeleiski said that the Ukrainian army counterattacked "it takes some time." but, It says on Thursday, the Ukrainian Army has And Bachurut, who is close to the eastern Wing of Ukraine. The Russian Ministry of Defense stated on the same day that the Russian army was still advancing towards western Bachs.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393566 
防疫边境规定告终 美国准备应对移民潮 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T2:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Texas, Texas, Erparo, 11th.) During the US epidemic, the regulations that hinder immigration applications obstacle for shelter will end today. It is expected that tens of thousands of people will apply for asylum applications on the southern border of the United States in recent weeks, which will further intensify the fierce immigrants in the United States in the United States. Related debate.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that active soldiers and national militia have been sent to assist border control officials to deal with shelter applicants who are about to pour into the world's richest country in the world. Most of these immigrants have poor economic conditions.
For more than 3 years, according to the Title 42 of the University, the border with 3,200 kilometers between the United States and Mexico was almost closed. This regulation seems to enter the United States in order to prevent infection with COVID-19 (2019 coronary virus disease) during the epidemic. In fact, it is designed to quickly expel immigrants trying to enter the country. Today, as the COVID-19 emergency state is commented, the shelter application service has also officially resumed after the midnight of Washington.
Oscarleeser, the mayor of El Paso, a Texas, said, "We don't know what happened the next day, nor can we predict what happened in the next 10 days." El Paro has always been one of the busiest immigration transit points. "We know that immigrants will continue to flow in, and we will continue to ensure that we can help them."
The Republican attacked President Biden's consent to invalidate the 42nd volume of the American Code, saying that this move caused "the portal to open." Former President Donaldtrump criticized that this was a "shame". He also hinted that if he enters the White House again next year, he will re -implement the policy of dismantling immigrant families on the border.
Trump said yesterday, "If this policy, they (immigrants) will not come."
The authorities have sent about 24,000 border police and 1,100 immigration affairs to support, and the Pentagon also dispatched about 4,000 soldiers. Alejandromayorkas, the Minister of Land and Safety, pointed out that "overall, the way we adopt is to set up legal ways to enter the United States and impose more severe punishment for illegal entryrs."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E9%98%B2%E7%96%AB%E8%BE%B9%E5%A2%83%E8%A7%84%E5%AE%9A%E5%91%8A%E7%BB%88-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%87%86%E5%A4%87%E5%BA%94%E5%AF%B9%E7%A7%BB%E6%B0%91%E6%BD%AE 
British Central Bank's interest rate hike 25 basis points interest rates in 15 years reached 15 years, the highest in 15 years 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T20:39
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T20:58
Description: The Bank of England announced on Thursday (May 11) announced that it had a rate hike of 25 basis points, and the benchmark loan interest rate increased to 4.5%, reaching the highest level since 2008. If inflation pressure continues to exist, it may continue to raise interest rates in the future. Bloomberg reports that this is the first consecutive in the United Kingdom ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['加息', '英国', '通货膨胀']
The Bank of England announced on Thursday (May 11) announced that it had a rate hike of 25 basis points, and the benchmark loan interest rate increased to 4.5%, reaching the highest level since 2008. If inflation pressure continues to exist, it may continue to raise interest rates in the future.
Bloomberg reported that this was the 12th interest rate hikes in the Bank of England, and it was also the largest interest rate hike since 1989. Earlier, there was a view that the Bank of England would continue to raise interest rates this month.
, Belie, the president of England, pointed out: "If there is evidence that the price pressure is still sustainable in the future, it is necessary to further tighten the monetary policy."
Bailey said that the current inflation rate is still too high, "the central bank must ensure that the inflation rate falls to 2%of the goal." He said that the central bank realized the difficulties caused by rising food prices to the public, especially for low -income groups, but the central bank "indeed saw that food price inflation began to slow down."
Bank of England predicts that interest rate hikes will bring a heavy burden on family and corporate loans in the next few months. This year, Britain will have 1.3 million households to end fixed interest rate mortgage loans. Two -consecutive interest rate hikes have pushed up the cost of mortgage loans, and more than one million house owners may bear huge pressure.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393578 
U.S. stocks closed more 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T21:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T20:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New York, 11th) The main index of the Wall Street stock market is mostly black today. It is mainly due to the pressure of regional banks again, and it is difficult to get rid of investors' concerns about the banking industry.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Dow Jones Industrial Index fell 221.82 points or 0.66%, which was collected at 33309.51 points.
The S & P 500 Index fell 7.02 points or 0.17%to close 4130.62 points.
The Nasdaq index of the technology stock rose 22.07 points or 0.18%to close 12328.51 points.
The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index fell 18.79 points or 0.63%to close 2978.72 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230511-%E7%BE%8E%E8%82%A1%E5%A4%9A%E6%94%B6%E8%B7%8C 
The China Securities Regulatory Commission has responded to China stock market auditing defects: willing to promote supervision and cooperation with the US regulatory agency 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T21:08:58+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 17:16:32Z
Description: China's securities regulatory agencies said on Thursday (May 11) that they are willing to cooperate with the United States to promote supervision and ensure the rights and interests of global investors. The day before, the US Public Publishing Corporation's Accounting Supervision Committee (PCAOB) said that in the audit of listed Chinese companies in the United States, it was found that an unacceptable high defect rate was found.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '美国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-says-willing-to-work-with-us-on-audit-deal-20230511/7088426.html 
EU Documents: The EU should not be involved in the zero -sum game of the United States and China confrontation 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T21:47
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T21:55
Description: Bollyi, a senior representative of EU diplomacy and security policy, pointed out in a draft document that the EU needs to cooperate with the allies to reduce the risks of China's rise to the world's great powers, but it should not be involved in the zero sum of Zero and Beijing between Washington and Beijing. Game. Bloomberg News reported on Thursday (May 11) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['欧盟', '中国', '中欧关系', '七国集团']
Bollyi, a senior representative of EU diplomacy and security policy, pointed out in a draft document that the EU needs to cooperate with the allies to reduce the risks of China's rise to the world's great powers, but it should not be involved in Washington and Beijing [] [].(https://www.zaobao.com/news/singapore/story20221008-1320774)Essence
Bloomberg News reported on Thursday (May 11) that Berrely and the EU Foreign Affairs Bureau reiterated that the EU would "be used as partners at the same time as partners at the same time as a document prepared by the Seven -Kinged Group (G7) Foreign Minister meeting held on Friday (12). The strategy of competitors and systemic opponents ", but also pointed out that the balance between response methods will depend on how China responds to Europe's participation.
The draft of the document said: "The EU must consider the reality of the world's concepts and the entanglement of each other, and the consequences of China's internal tendencies to strengthen control and the outside world."
The draft believes that the EU needs to increase their efforts to contact other countries and put forward more attractive proposals in order(https://www.zaobao.com/news/china/story20230210-1361541)Combination also includes methods such as free trade agreements and energy partnerships. "However, the European Union should not agree with the idea of zero -sum game, that is, there is only one winner in the binary competition between the United States and China. China's rise should be carried out in the rules -based international order."
Documents also call on Europe to continue to contact China when they depend on a fair economic competitive environment and reduce their dependence on key minerals. The European Union must also prepare any impact on Chinese operations on the society of EU countries.
In addition, Berrely said at the European Defense and Security Summit on Thursday that the European Union should not waste time to try to prevent China from becoming the world's big country. Coexist with China on the stage. "
The G7 plans to send a signal to China this month, announcing joint efforts to combat " "However, it has not been reached on specific measures. It is expected that when the EU leader held a summit at the end of June, China will also become one of the key issues again.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393588 
Ambassador: South Africa has provided weapons to Russia 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T22:05
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T22:24
Description: The US Ambassador to the Republic of South Africa revealed to the local media on Thursday (May 11) that South Africa provided military support to Russia. Agence France -Presse reported that the US Ambassador to South Africa Reuben Bridy told the media media that the United States "confident" weapon and ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '南非', '美国', '武器']
The US Ambassador to the Republic of South Africa revealed to the local media on Thursday (May 11) that South Africa provided military support to Russia.
Agence France -Presse reported that the US Ambassador to South Africa, Reuben Bridy, told the body of the media that the American "confident" weapon and ammunition had been installed in a Russian cargo ship in Capeston in December last year.
Brigiti also said: "Russia's armed forces are very serious. We don't think this problem has been resolved."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393593 
White House: Shalin meets Wang Yi 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T22:13
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T22:30
Description: The White House said on Thursday (May 11) that the White House national security adviser Sha Liven and Wang Yi, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and the director of the Central Foreign Affairs Office in Vienna and the director of the Central Foreign Office in Vienna. Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that Shalvin and Wang Yi asked the Taiwan Strait and Russia ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美中关系', '王毅', '白宫']
The White House said on Thursday (May 11) that the White House national security adviser Sha Liven and Wang Yi, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and the director of the Central Foreign Affairs Office in Vienna and the director of the Central Foreign Office in Vienna.
Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that Shalvin and Wang Yi conducted "frank, substantial and constructive discussions" on issues such as the Taiwan Strait and the Russian and Ukraine War, and the two sides "agreed to maintain this important strategic communication channel."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393595 
The US -Mexico border reproduces illegal immigration, and more than 10,000 people are seeking inbound people every day 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T22:24:58+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 16:31:01Z
Description: Thousands of illegal immigrants from South America and other parts of the world rushed to the southern border of the United States this week to strive to enter the United States before the new rules prohibited from applying for political asylum. Some people choose to wait and see because they do not understand the U.S. policy.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国移民/难民议题', '美洲', '人权']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/border-crossings-top-10-000-daily-as-migrants-seek-us-entry-before-title-42-ends-051123/7088573.html 
WHO: Monkey acne is no longer a global public health incident 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T22:43
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T22:43
Description: The World Health Organization announced on Thursday (May 11) that monkey acne is no longer a global public health incident. Agence France -Presse reported that Tan Desai, director of the World Health Organization, told the media that the case of monkey acne is gradually decreasing. He accepted the suggestion of the WHO Emergency Committee to relieve the hair of the monkey acne ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['世界卫生组织', '猴痘']
The World Health Organization announced on Thursday (May 11) that monkey acne is no longer a global public health incident.
Agence France -Presse reported that Tan Desai, director of the World Health Organization, told the media that the case of monkey acne was gradually decreasing. He accepted the suggestion of the WHO Emergency Committee to relieve the highest -level warning of the Monkey Pooth.
Monkey acne is a kind of human and animals suffering from viruses. Common symptoms include fever, severe headache, muscle soreness, back pain, lymphadenopathy, rash or skin damage.
WHO , But also pointed out that the risk of the virus is at a medium level.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393598 
National security unlimited outline? Why do China attack and over -react everywhere? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (陈筠)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T22:51:25+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 14:51:25Z
Description: After the three -year epidemic, China is eager to open to the outside world, but the authorities have recently frequently searched the International Consultant Consultant in China, which has caused many foreign companies to be discouraged to enter the Chinese market. Analysts said that China's recent series of contradictory behaviors and excessive reactions in diplomacy and business are actually derived from Chinese leaders Xi Jinping's infinite outline of national security, and the application of its concept of government security to China's great strategy outside China In the end, the purpose is to propagate Chinese people to propagate that Xi Jinping is the only leader who can lead them out of the US -China competitive dilemma to ensure Xi Ping's personal rule.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '港澳', '人权', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/why-is-china-attacking-and-overreacting-diplomatically-and-commercially-20230511/7088630.html 
Guo Feixiong, a well -known human rights activist, was sentenced to eight years by the authorities by the authorities for eight years 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T23:02:43+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 15:48:46Z
Description: On May 11th, the famous human rights activist Guo Feixiong (name Yang Maodong), a famous human rights activist who tried to take care of his illness in the United States to take care of his illness in the United States in 2021, was sentenced to eight years for eight years. Guo Feixiong refused to accept the verdict and appealed. The diplomats in several countries said they were banned from listening to the first trial of Guo Feixiong in Guangzhou.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '人权', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-hands-eight-year-jail-term-to-activist-20230511/7088707.html 
The Supreme Law of Pakistan ruled that the arrest of Imlan Khan was illegal 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T23:10
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T23:14
Description: The Pakistan Supreme Court ruled on Thursday (May 11) that the arrest of former Prime Minister Emran Khan was illegal. According to a comprehensive foreign news report, Emran Khan's lawyer said to the media that day: "The Supreme Court revoked all legal procedures for Imlan Khan ... he was asked to be on the week ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['巴基斯坦', '抗议活动']
The Pakistan Supreme Court ruled on Thursday (May 11) that the arrest of former Prime Minister Emran Khan was illegal.
According to a comprehensive foreign news report, Emran Khan's lawyer said to the media that day: "The Supreme Court revoked all legal procedures for Imlan Khan ... He was asked to go to the Islamabad High Court on Friday (12th) in the morning."
Imlan Khan was arrested on Tuesday (9th) for corruption allegations. His supporters subsequently and Pakistan's security forces in the protests [] And casualties occur.
Imlan Khan led the Leadership of the Justice Movement Party in 2018, and then was elected Prime Minister.
On April 10, 2022, the Pakistani Parliament passed the [] of Emran Khan Essence Imlan Khan becomes 。
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393604 
Oxygen tube truck exploded Milan's block in a sea of fire 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T23:26
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T23:30
Description: A truck carrying an oxygen tube exploded in the center of Milan, which not only exploded more than a dozen cars, but also caused the driver to lightly burn. According to media reports, three other people were injured. The TV screen shows that it is parked in Porta Romana, southeast of Milan ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['意大利', '爆炸']
A truck carrying an oxygen tube exploded in the center of Milan, which not only exploded more than a dozen cars, but also caused the driver to lightly burn. According to media reports, three other people were injured.
The TV screen shows that after the truck was exploded in the Porta Romana area southeast of Milan, the flame was as high as a few meters, and the thick black smoke rushed to the high altitude. The firefighters quickly extinguished the fire.
Agence France -Presse reported that Milan Mayor Gicepe Sara quickly ruled out the possibility of deliberate attacks. He answered questions from a reporter during an activity gap and said: "That is a truck carrying oxygen cylinders." He was sure No one died in the accident. He said that only the driver was injured at present, and he "mild burn".
Sara said the truck driver told the fire brigade that his engine was getting angry. "He quickly grabbed some oxygen cylinders to escape ... He tried to reduce the disaster of fire, but then exploded."
The fire department official Carlo Cadinelli confirmed that the car was carried on the car and said that the exact cause of the explosion was still under investigation.
Witnesses quoted by Reuters that the fire spread to a nearby building, and the people in the buildings and the local schools were evacuated.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393606 
Milan's oxygen cylinder truck explosion 1 injury to eliminate premeditated attacks 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T6:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Milan, 11th) The center of the northern Milan & Center in northern Italy exploded, causing a driver's mild injury, a number of vehicles caught fire, and the authorities evacuated more than 200 students in a school. Milan Mayor Sara ruled out that this was the possibility of a premeditated attack.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 It can be seen on the TV screen that the explosion on the streets of the Southeast residential area of Duomo (DUOMO) caused several tall fires, and the black smoke permeated the entire area.
Milan Mayor Giuseppe Sala told reporters near the scene of the incident: "The accident was a car that transports oxygen cylinders." He ruled out that this was the possibility of premeditated attacks.
According to the Italian Aiji News Agency (AGI), Sara said: "I have been told that one of them is injured so far ... I think it is driving."
In an interview, Sara said that the authorities will have about 200 to 300 school children with a building group of primary schools, middle schools, and a child.
The firefighter at the scene was confirmed that the spokesman confirmed that the accident car transported oxygen and drove injuries.
The spokesman said the cause of the accident is still under investigation.
Another spokesman for the fire brigade told AFP earlier that the injury to the injured arm and leg injury, and the personnel evacuated by the neighboring buildings.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E7%B1%B3%E5%85%B0%E8%BF%90%E6%B0%A7%E6%B0%94%E7%93%B6%E8%B4%A7%E8%BD%A6%E7%88%86%E7%82%B81%E4%BC%A4-%E6%8E%92%E9%99%A4%E9%A2%84%E8%B0%8B%E6%94%BB%E5%87%BB 
Herbinye, Finland's Herbin, and the over collapse of 27 people injured 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-11T7:38
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T21:29
Description: A pedestrian bridge collapse occurred on Thursday (May 11), the capital of Finland, causing 27 people to be injured, most of which were minors. Comprehensive foreign news reports, the collapsed pedestrian flyover is located in ESPOO, west of Helsinki. Finnish media hels ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['芬兰']
A pedestrian bridge collapse occurred on Thursday (May 11), the capital of Finland, causing 27 people to be injured, most of which were minors.
Comprehensive foreign news reports, the collapsed pedestrian flyover is located in ESPOO, west of Helsinki. The Finnish media Helsing Sanomat said that a group of eight -grade students encountered a bridge.
The local health department stated that the wounded had been sent to the hospital and had no life.
Police said that the local area is under construction. The pedestrian flyover is a temporary flyover and is built from a plywood.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230511-1393554 
The Turkish presidential election entered the countdown candidate and was approved by the countdown to announce the refund 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-11T9:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11T13:35:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, Istanbul, 11th) Turkish presidential and Congress elections have entered the penultimate. One of the presidential candidates Yin Si announced today that he will refund the election. Recep ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Turkey will hold the presidential and parliament elections on May 14th. The 59 -year -old local local party Muharrem Ince has been criticized by six alliances consisting of the wild party since the election.
He said at a press conference today that he was slandered and severely criticized. "I want to withdraw my candidate qualification. I do this for my country."
Yin Si said that he will refund the election, and if the candidate in the wild camp, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, will not blame him. He also called on supporters to continue to support Congress candidates launched by the Land Party.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230511-%E5%9C%9F%E8%80%B3%E5%85%B6%E6%80%BB%E7%BB%9F%E5%A4%A7%E9%80%89%E8%BF%88%E5%85%A5%E5%80%92%E6%95%B0-%E5%80%99%E9%80%89%E4%BA%BA%E8%A2%AB%E6%89%B9%E7%93%9C%E5%88%86%E9%80%89%E7%A5%A8%E5%AE%A3%E5%B8%83%E9%80%80%E9%80%89 
U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen: The Seven Kingdoms Group is studying how to counterattack China's "economic stress" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T00:01:44+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 16:01:44Z
Description: US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said on Thursday (May 11) that members of the Seventh -way Group (G7), including the United States, concerned about China's "economic stress" approach to other countries. And consider how to counter it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['全球议题', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/yellen-says-g7-members-looking-at-how-to-counter-china-051123/7089103.html 
China Route: I am not worried about being repatriated 
Author: VOA
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T00:09:35+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 16:09:35Z
Description: VOA reporters encountered the "Route" from China during an interview on the US -Mexico border. He showed reporters a mobile phone obtained from the US border management department for positioning. This phone replaced the previous use of the previous use. The electronic feet are allowed to know their whereabouts. The Chinese travelers said that he was not afraid of being repatriated. Related content: https://bit.ly/3pneevo
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国移民/难民议题', '每日视频新闻', '社媒-最IN视频']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/7088692.html 
Article 42 The illegal immigrants crossed the river on the eve of the disability 
Author: VOA
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T00:10:54+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 16:10:54Z
Description: Article 42 of the US repatriation of illegal immigrants on May 11 will end. Due to the concerns of the many uncertainty after the termination of the bill, a large number of illegal immigrants emerged in the United States and Mexico. VOA reporters directly hit the situation where the Mexican border city Matamoros migrated a large number of immigrants to steal the river. Related content: https://bit.ly/3pneevo
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国移民/难民议题', '每日视频新闻', '社媒-最IN视频']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/7088693.html 
Take the family and bring the family to China to cross the river "Run" Beauty 
Author: VOA
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T00:11:51+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 16:11:51Z
Description: In the process of interviewing the Mexican border, the VOA also saw four Chinese people crossing the river from Mexico to enter the US border with two young children. Scenery. Related content: https://bit.ly/3pneevo
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国移民/难民议题', '每日视频新闻', '社媒-最IN视频']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/7088694.html 
It's all about entering the United States and Chinese sisters to cross the river bravely 
Author: VOA
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T00:12:41+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 16:12:41Z
Description: On May 10th, just before the Act of Article 42 of the United States is about to terminate, a large number of illegal immigrants assembled in the US -Mexico border to enter the United States. VOA reporters met a woman from China in Matamoros, a border city of Mexico. She jumped into the Rio Grande to swim on the opposite side of the United States border. Related content: https://bit.ly/3pneevo
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国移民/难民议题', '每日视频新闻', '社媒-最IN视频']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/7088695.html 
Sharvin meets Wang Yi, and the two parties agree to maintain the channels for bilateral strategic communication 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T00:51:09+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 16:51:09Z
Description: Jake Sullivan, a national security adviser to the White House on Thursday and Friday (May 10th to 11th) Wang Yi, a member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the director of the Central Foreign Affairs Office of the Communist Party of China, held a meeting. The bilateral relations and issues that both parties such as the Ukrainian war were discussed in depth.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-china-pledge-to-maintain-communications-as-two-top-officials-meet-051123/7089159.html 
China's consumption and production price index is not good in domestic demand, weak domestic demand market expected more government stimulus 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T01:13:38+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 17:13:38Z
Description: Official data released by China on May 11 shows that the growth of the consumer price index (CPI) in April has dropped to the lowest level of more than two years, and the producer price index (PPI) (PPI) (PPI) (PPI) (PPI), A shrinking. This shows that the government needs to sacrifice more stimulating measures to boost the weakened economic recovery after the new crown virus epidemic.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-consumer-inflation-slows-to-over-2-year-low-factory-gate-deflation-deepens-20230511/7088538.html 
Philippine diplomatic good change to experts: US -Philippine cooperation releases ASEAN Anti -China signal 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (向凌)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T01:30:13+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 17:30:13Z
Description: On the eve of the ASEAN Summit, the Philippine President of the Philippines stated that he would seek to finalize the Conduct for the South China Sea at the meeting and proposed a discussion on the situation in the Taiwan Strait, hoping that ASEAN would reach an agreement. Experts believe that the US -Philippine military cooperation is a strong signal to convey to the ASEAN countries to strengthen India -Pacific cooperation to block China. The Philippines' US military bases play important functions on the security issues of Taiwan Straits.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['南中国海争端', '亚太', '美国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/security-issues-in-the-south-china-sea-and-taiwan-strait-us-and-the-philippines-restart-joint-defense-20230511/7089267.html 
Former Hong Kong Legislative Councilor Guo Rongzheng set up a new think tank to analyze China's strategic risks 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (郑乐捷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T02:50:26+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 18:50:26Z
Description: Just as China ’s domestic and international actions are becoming more and more aggressive, and the outside world is inevitable to contact China, but it is also worried that there are many risks. Former Hong Kong Legislative Council ’s legal community Guo Rongzheng established a new think tank to look at China from a risk perspective, and hoped that the view of the governor would affect the governor.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/former-pro-democracy-hong-kong-lawmaker-dennis-kwok-sets-up-new-china-strategic-risks-think-tank-20230511/7089278.html 
Ukrainian recovery area residue land mines, black farmers remote control tractors, thunder 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (刘恩民)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T04:00:30+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 20:00:30Z
Description: Ukraine's counterattacks launched last year to recover a large loss. However, the Russian retreat is left with a large minefield, and artificial lightning expectations expected to take several years. At the time of sowing, the farmer Cravizov decided not to wait for the official mines who were overworked to help clean up his fields. He converted the tractor into an unmanned remote tractor and used the protective board removal from the Russian tank. The tractor drove across the minefield to remove the mines.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '军事', '每日视频新闻', '社媒-最IN视频']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/teams-clear-explosives-from-ukraine-s-mykolaiv-after-russian-retreat-20230512/7089489.html 
British cross -party members jointly requested the British government to help move to Hong Kong people to retrieve strong accumulation gold 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (郑乐捷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T04:28:42+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 20:39:52Z
Description: About 150,000 Hong Kong people have moved to the United Kingdom through the British National (Overseas) (BNO) visa, but they cannot get back the average compulsory provident fund ("strong FRC" MPF), which makes their immigrant life more difficult Essence British members urged British Championship Dominic Johnson to strive to help Hong Kong people get back their own savings when visiting Hong Kong.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '经济·金融·贸易', '港澳', '人权']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/uk-lawmakers-pressure-minister-to-help-moving-hongkongers-take-back-pensions-20230511/7089266.html 
Britain provides remote missiles to Kyiv 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T04:49:03+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 20:49:03Z
Description: The British Minister of Defense Ben Wallace said on Thursday (May 11) that Britain will provide remote cruise missiles to Ukraine to help it fight Russia for 14 months.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/latest-in-ukraine-britain-shipping-long-range-missiles-to-kyiv-20230511/7089509.html 
"Article 42" expires, the United States will implement strict asylum measures, and most of the waiting for immigrants on the border will be expelled 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (艾琳·巴罗斯)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T05:18:21+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 21:51:47Z
Description: COVID-19 During the Popularity of the United States-Mexico border, the "Article 42" (Title 42) Act of the United States-42 (May 11) expires at midnight. motherland.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国移民/难民议题', '美洲', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/s-title-42-ends-confusion-at-the-us-mexico-border-20230511/7089572.html 
Bank loans have decreased, prices have caused concerns about recovery, and the central bank's pressure increases 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-12T05:40:09+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-11 21:40:09Z
Description: In April, the sharp decline in the new loan of Bank of China was far exceeded expectations, which exacerbated people's concerns about the loss of economic recovery after the epidemic, and put pressure on the central bank's relaxation policy.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易', '全球议题', '新冠疫情']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/slump-in-china-bank-loans-prices-raise-more-worries-about-recovery-adds-pressure-on-c-bank-20230511/7089553.html 
