世界新闻
World News
2023-05-30
 
English 
印度人口超中国，它能成为一个全方位的超级大国吗 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-05-29T01:41:16.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T01:41:16.000Z
Description: India's population has surpassed China, so what is the economic scale, military firepower and global influence?
Images: [" _129872996_4a... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['印度', '中國', '经济', '军事']
Type: Article
India's population is super China, can it become a comprehensive superpower? 
May 29, 2023 Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
"The more people, the stronger the country. This is the idea of the 19th century."
According to the United Nations data, India has just surpassed China and has become the country with the largest population in the world. Can it match this powerful neighbor -or even surpass it -becomes the world's superpower? 
In terms of economic scale, geopolitical influence and military strength, Beijing is still at ease, but experts believe that this pattern is changing.
Michael Spence, the Nobel Prize winner of Economics in 2001, believes that India's high light is coming.
The dean and professor of the Stanford University of Stanford said to BBC: "India will eventually match China. The Chinese economy will slow down, but India will not."
But India also faces challenges.
India, which became the world's largest population, should be fortunate or anxious How many people are there in India? You may really don't know India -China border conflict: a 60 -year war shadow China is the second largest economy in the world. It is almost five times larger than India, and India is only fifth.
India's middle class is relatively small in scale. It is necessary to heavy investment education, enhance living standards, achieve gender equality and economic reforms to achieve the growth of the "Chinese -style" outbreak.
To be the world's superpower, it is not enough to rely on the population and economy alone, but it depends on geopolitics and military forces -India is still unable to reach these aspects.
Soft power will also play a key role. India's Bollywood's film industry has made efficiency in the world, and has broken a lot of records on Netflix (Nafei).
But on the other side, there is also the so -called Chinawood -the Chinese film industry is booming. In 2020, it replaced Hollywood for the first time in the world and appeared on the world's largest box office throne. In 2021, the defending of China was successful.
'S economic momentum 
At present, India is born 86,000 babies every day, and China is 49,400.
Low birth rate China's population has begun to shrink It is expected to fall below 1 billion at the end of this century.
The United Nations pointed out that India's population will continue to increase to 2064, from current 1.4 billion to 1.7 billion in 2064.
This will allow India to enjoy the "demographic dividend" -the economy has increased rapidly with the increase of labor age.
Professor Prof Markfrazier, director of the India China Institute (The New School) Director of India China Institute (The New School), said: How high the education is, how healthy, how strong the technical ability is, and how much their ability to contribute to the economy. "
[India has attracted major multinational companies such as Apple and Foxconn in recent months.(https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/business-63155797)However, the instability caused by its internal bureaucracy and policy towards the evening reform scared some international investors.
Professor Fraser added, "the more people, the stronger the country, the idea of the 19th century." Because there are other factors to consider it.
According to the World Bank data, only half of India's labor population (14 to 64 years old) is currently working or job hunting.
If you only look at women, the ratio has fallen to 25% -60%in China, and the EU is 52%.
After a series of reforms in the 1980s and 1990s, China's economic scale increased beyond all countries. However, the epidemic, population aging, and increasingly intense relationship with Western relations in the 2019 new coronal virus disease (COVID-19) are overwhelming, which is affecting the economic growth of this country.
The growth rate of GDP in India (GDP) has surpassed China. According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) forecast, this momentum will continue.
How many Russian oil did China and India buy? Border conflict is not hindered by the hot trade, China has once again become India's largest trading partner Can India be a "world granary" for global food? * "Vaccine Diplomacy" becomes the Western camp of the China -India New Power Field Considering So, does the slowing economic growth mean that China will move towards marginalization?"China is more like the United States now, we have never had a growth rate of 8%, 9%, and 10%. They will rely on the improvement of productivity. I think they can do it because they have made huge investment in education, science and technology, ","
China's military expansion 
China and India are both nuclear powers, which allows them to occupy strategic opportunities in international games.
According to Federation of American Scientists, Beijing's nuclear weapon library is 2.5 times that of New Delhi.
Internal and external consideration of the Indian military reform and the impact on China Can China be the winner in the new global arms competition India's first domestic aircraft carrier officially served: ascended to the "Victor" to find out 
中国比印度多近60万兵力，且重点投资建设国防工业。
弗雷泽教授说：“ 印度非常依赖俄罗斯 The introduction of their technology and expertise, China has no doubt many scientific research and independently develop military infrastructure. "
China has obvious advantages in the field of defense army, and India tends to maintain good relationships with Europe and the United States, where there are most of the world's military forces.
Professor Fraser added: "India can become an important strategic partner in the Indo -Pacific region. The U.S. government is establishing a safe zone around China, including not only East Asia but also South Asia; not only the Western Pacific, but also the Indian Ocean."

choice of geopolitics 
India is the host of the G20 summit this year. When the leader of a country with 85%of the world's wealth is sitting on the negotiating table, India seems to have the opportunity to sell themselves.
Since Donaldtrump has been the President of the United States, the relationship between Beijing and the world's power has become increasingly deteriorating, but China is still a major economic partner of more than 120 countries from Russia to South Africa, from Saudi Arabia to the European Union.
Along with the "Belt and Road" project with a trillions of dollars in investment, China is even more popular in the political influence of overseas.
Although India is regarded as a key geopolitical partner by the West, Beijing holds one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council, which means that in this organization, almost all major decisions include veto, including veto Discretion.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Indian Prime Minister Modi (left) and Chinese President Xi Jinping (right) each face very different challenges.
In the past few decades, India and other emerging economies have been trying to change this situation, but no one has succeeded.
Professor Fraser said: "I will not seek the new permanent member of the Security Council. Even though we are very clear, it is unreasonable to continue to operate a global security order in a victory in a conflict ended in 1945. "
Professor Sip Pees also agreed.
"The right to vote no longer reflects the economic and influence, and it is far from reflecting. One day, or one day it is to reform these systems in the world, or these mechanisms are disconnected from the times, because there will be other replacements."
At present, the most important substitutes are the BRICS -a group composed of Brazil, Russia, China and South Africa, which aims to compete with the Global North Economic and geopolitical influence.
soft power 
Image source, China News Service
Image adding text,
"Chinawood" -The box office income of Chinese cinema has surpassed the US market for two consecutive years since 2020.
Kevin Lee: "The most popular" Western villain in the Chinese main theme movie * Wu Jing phenomenon: China's "main theme" movie prevails, the "speculative" hidden concerns behind it * 印度空中爱国主义教育及地上惹来的麻烦 
一个世纪之前，好莱坞(Hollywood)将电影院改造成一件强而有力的工具，将美国价值与影响力向外输出。
中国与印度成功地依样画葫芦。
自2007年起，中国电影院数目翻了20番，达到8万间。相比之下，美国有4.1万间，印度有9300间。
美国加州大学河滨分校(University of California Riverside)传媒与文化研究系副教授苏为群博士(Dr WendySu)说：“疫情以前，华莱坞维持着增长势头，透过合拍片和并购好莱坞片商来扩展其全球影响力。”
但在2020和2021年连续两年超越美国电影市场之后，受新冠疫情相关的电影院闭锁命令影响，中国电影票房收益在2022年同比下跌36%。
而虽然宝莱坞被广泛认为是亚洲版本的好莱坞，华莱坞对于多数人来说仍然很陌生。
Image source, AFP
Image adding text,
Bollywood put Indian movies internationally.
Dr. Su Weiqun said: "Bollywood's influence in the world is greater and stronger."
"Even in China, Bollywood movie has a deep impact on Chinese audiences. " Wrestling!Dad " (Dangal, a film about the former wrestling player Mahavir Singhogat in 2016; Taiwan translation "My and My Champions Daughter", Hong Kong translation "Do not leave 3 father and daughter") The box office revenue defeated all Hollywood films that were shown in China, occupying the first place in Chinese film box office for 16 consecutive days. It has been released for 60 days, which is also one of the best longevity movies in the history of global films. "
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65718211 
Biden and McCarthy reached an agreement on the US debt crisis temporarily relieved 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-29T01:54:00Z
Description: U.S. President Biden and the Speaker of the House of Representatives McCarthy finally reached a temporary agreement on the weekend to raise the US debt limit on weekends, which is expected to avoid the federal government from causing a catastrophic debt reverse crisis in early June. The agreement is expected to be sent to the US Congress this week, but can it be successful?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '美国', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['美国', '拜登', '麦卡锡', '美债', '经济']
Id: 65760918
After several weeks of difficult consultations and negotiations, Biden and McCarthy finally reached an agreement (information photo).
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) After several weeks of difficult consultations and negotiations, US President Biden Biden and US House Speaker McCarthy reached an agreement on US debt limits last weekend. Bayeng told the media at the White House on Sunday (May 28), "This is a very important step forward." "It will no longer exist in the threat of catastrophic breach, which protects the historicity that we get difficult to get. "Economic recovery" and urged the two hospitals to pass the agreement.
Biden and McCarthy made a call on the 27th and finally reached an agreement. The content included: principle agreed to increase the limit of US debt for 2 years, but during this period of time, restrictions and reduced government's non -national defense expenditure, recovered new crown epidemic expenses wait.
After a 90 -minute call, McCarthy wrote in Twitter: "I just had a phone call with the president not long ago. After he wasted time and refused to negotiate for several months, we had reached a worthy of Principles. "In an interview with the media, McCarthy described that the bill" historically reduced expenses and major reforms, which would allow people to get rid of poverty, enter the labor market, and control the government's excessive expansion. "
Biden said in Twitter that the agreement represents some kind of compromise, "not everyone can get what they want," but he still keeps the key priority of the Democratic parties.
The temporary agreement reached by Biden and McCarthy is expected to be submitted to the House of Representatives as soon as the 31st.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/美国债务违约期限延长至6月5日/a-65752174)Before the successful breakthrough, it is expected to avoid US credit rating is downgraded, possible economic recession, and the employment loss of millions of people Essence
In this regard, Biden and McCarthy are both optimistic and believe that they can obtain the full support of the gentle faction between the two parties. However, the agreement still triggers the attack on the hardliners Republican and the progressive Democrats.
The Republican Party has always strived to maintain the budget expenditure in 2024. At the same time, it is required to apply restrictions in 2025 to exchange for a 2 -year debt limit to avoid unstable political issues affect the 2024 presidential election. On the other hand, the Democrats insist on It should increase the upper limit of the US debt without any additional conditions.
What is the upper limit of the US debt? 
The U.S. Congress introduced the debt limit system for the first time in 1917 to regulate the national debt amount that the US Finance could bear. This measure means that the government no longer needs Congress to approve the issuance of each debt.
The public debt bill was passed in 1939 and 1941. Over the past 70 years, the upper limit of debt has been increased by 78 times, including 2011, when the United States failed to reach an agreement on the new upper limit at that time, the S & P lowered US sovereign credit rating and triggered an increase in loan costs.
In January of this year, US debt has reached a debt upper limit of 31.4 trillion dollars However, the US Treasury Department has taken very measure to allow it to continue to provide funds for government activities.
Although the US federal government has not yet defaulted to the U.S. federal government, if it does not increase the upper limit of the debt, it will exceed June 5th, the last period of the default. The salary, social security payment, and medical subsidies such as veterans such as veterans and disadvantaged Americans will also be put on hold.
U.S. President Biden and the Speaker of the House of Representatives McCarthy at the White House on the 22nd.
The response of the two parties to the compromise scheme 
Even if a tentative agreement is reached, the work of raising the debt limit is far from complete. Whether there are sufficient mild members to support the details of the bill, and suppress the opposition's right -wing right -wing Republicans and progressive Democrats have attracted much attention.
"I heard that the" Agreement "increased the debt limit of 4 trillion dollars." The Republican House member Bobgood said, "If this is true, you don't need to say more. Anyone who claims to be conservatives. Nothing cannot be defended by voting votes. "
Democratic members of the Democratic Party, Ji Meichu, said that she will pay attention to the details of the proposal and will increase the work requirements for the poor: "I think this is the worst part of their (Republican) proposal because this one is because this one is because this one is because this is the worst part of their (Republican Party), because this is because of this because of this It will cause pain to the poor. "
At the same time, the controversial Republican councilor Marjorie Taylorgreen claims that the agreement may recover $ 400 million from the "Global Health Fund" of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Green said that China, Afghanistan, Armenia, Bangladesh, Ethiopia, India, Kenya, Nigeria, Pakistan, and Ukraine may be affected.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/拜登、麥卡錫達成協議-美債危機暫時鬆口氣/a-65760918?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
This investment book 32 years ago is now sold to thousands of dollars (Free Version) 
Author: Spencer Jakab
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-29T05:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T05:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-28T23:15:00.000Z
Description: The price of an out -of -print book by Fund Manager Sais Caraman was lifted to thousands of yuan, and the library with this book even took special security measures. For the reason, it is said that since the 1980s, Caraman's average annual return has reached an amazing 20%. "I'm afraid it's hard to find such a powerful investor."
Images: []
Categories: ['派', '非常之道']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000872992
Type: Article
Passing through the New York Public Library(New York Public Library)The famous lion in front of the main hall is picked up. In addition to using a large number of books that can be borrowed by a book card, there are some rare books, such as Shakespeare, which has been four hundred years ago,(Shakespeare)"First Payment"(Firstfol), Even the "Gutengbao Bible", which has a longer history(Gutenberg Bible)Essence (Translation: The former is the name taken by modern scholars for the first Shakespeare script collection; the latter is the earliest print book of the Latin Bible.)
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/32%E5%B9%B4%E5%89%8D%E7%9A%84%E8%BF%99%E6%9C%AC%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E7%B1%BB%E4%B9%A6%E7%B1%8D%E7%8E%B0%E5%9C%A8%E5%8D%96%E5%88%B0%E5%87%A0%E5%8D%83%E7%BE%8E%E5%85%83-d679bc28 
It is required to repay 259 companies to repay Wuhan officially report to debt 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-29T06:44:00Z
Description: The Treasury Bureau of China has rarely posted debts to 259 companies or units, causing great attention from all walks of life. This also allowed the Chinese government to debt after the new crown epidemic.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '专题报道：新型冠状病毒', '专题报道：中国经济何处去？', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['武汉', '中国', '中国经济', '地方债务', '财政', '清零政策']
Id: 65761424
Wuhan officially publishes bonds in the official media, which has aroused the attention of the outside world. The picture shows the Wuhan Railway Station in January this year (data photo)
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) China Wuhan Municipal Government Finance Bureau and state -owned Wuhan Yangtze River Assets Management Co., Ltd., last Friday (May 26), rarely published a "debt collection" in the local official media "Changjiang Daily". Joint Announcement, requiring the 259 companies in the table to immediately repay the accumulated money, causing attention from all walks of life.
According to the list released by the Yangtze River Daily, the total debt of the 259 companies or units is about 300 million yuan, and the owed amount of each family ranges from more than RMB 10,000 to more than 23 million yuan. But this is just unburrelated debt as of December 2018.
"The Yangtze River Daily" is the official media of the Wuhan Municipal Party Committee of the Communist Party of China. This debt collection list is published in the 10th edition of the newspaper in the 10th edition of the newspaper.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德语媒体中国地方政府陷入债务危机/a-63331534)Essence
It is worth mentioning that the nature of these 259 companies and units is different, including state -owned enterprises, foreign companies and private enterprises, and even other government units. For example, the Wuhan Finance Bureau also included the financial bureau of 5 districts under Wuhan City into the uncomfortable units of this loan.
In this list, Dongfeng Wuhan Light Automobile Company owed the most, and the principal of the arrears was RMB 23.54 million; the Unified Group was also announced that the arrears were 10 million yuan.
Famous enterprise clarify 
Wuhan officially stated in the announcement of the Yangtze River Daily that it has notified the debtor's arrears and collected the money through various ways, but "the mention of the debtors and guarantors has not repaid the debt."
The Voice of Germany inquired on Monday, and found that the "Yangtze River Daily" online electronic version has been removed from the "Joint Announcement of Debt Collection", which was originally published on May 26th on May 26.
The Chinese media "First Financial Daily" reported on the 29th that Dongfeng Automobile Group, a well -known Chinese auto manufacturer, responded that Dongfeng Wuhan Light Motors mentioned in the announcement had no equity relationship and business exchanges with Dongfeng Automobile Group. Dongfeng Automobile Group and Wuhan The Municipal Finance Bureau and Wuhan Changjiang Assets Management Company also have no right to claim and debt.
Taiwan's "China Times" reported that Taiwan's unified enterprise also clarified to the media on the 28th that the Wuhan Finance Bureau's announcement mentioned that the unified group of 10 million yuan in arrears of RMB 10 million was not an organization owned by Taiwan unified enterprise, and the subsidiary of the unified enterprise also subsidiaries also. No loan with the local government of Wuhan.

欠款單位中包含了東風武漢輕型汽車和統一集團，但遭到企業否認與其有關，圖為東風汽車集團推出的T5電動汽車(資料照)
地方財政吃緊？ 
香港《南華早報》報導，武漢市政府採取不尋常的催款行動之際，中國地方政府正努力應對日益嚴重的財務困境，部分原因即是過去3年新冠病毒防疫政策所造成的高昂成本。
自去年底放棄對新冠疫情的清零政策以來，中國一直試圖讓經濟重回正軌，但經濟復甦表現並不理想，尤其製造業和私營部門的表現不如預期。今年4月份的中國經濟指標還表明，中國的經濟增長正在失去動力。
根據中國國家統計局5月27日公佈的數據，雖然今年4月份中國工業企業利潤同比成長了3.7%，但前4個月的中國工業企業利潤合計則年減20.6%。
中國國家統計局表示：「我們面臨複雜的國際環境和國內需求不足。工業利潤持續回升存在諸多困難。」
路透社報導，與中國大多數地方一樣，武漢市政府的收入近年來受到新冠疫情、步履蹣跚的經濟和 長期房地產崩盤的拖累 Essence According to the official release of Wuhan, the Wuhan Municipal Government's fiscal revenue in the first quarter of 2023 decreased by 8.5%.
Wuhan's official fiscal revenue has declined this year, which may trigger a local debt crisis. The picture shows the retirement group protest in Wuhan in February this year (data photo)
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/要求259家企業還款-武漢官方罕見登報催債/a-65761424?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
繁荣如何刺激印度的嫁妆需求 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-05-29T08:59:26.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T08:59:26.000Z
Description: A new study found that with the improvement of the educational level and work opportunities in India in the past few decades, the popularity of dowry has increased.
Images: [" _119157089_ge... ", " _103693518_08... ", " _129863456_ge... ", " _129839679_ge... ", " _119157085_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['性别', '家庭', '印度', '女人', '年轻人', '婚姻']
Type: Article
繁荣如何刺激印度的嫁妆需求 
2023年5月29日 
图像来源， Hindustan Times
图像加注文字，
尽管支付和接受嫁妆自1961年开始在印度一直是非法的，但它仍然盛行。
一项新的研究发现，随着过去几十年印度男性受教育程度和工作机会在的改善，嫁妆的流行程度有所上升。 
在南亚，支付和接受嫁妆是一个有几百年历史的传统，新娘的父母会向新郎家赠送现金、衣服和珠宝。尽管这种做法自1961年开始在印度一直是非法的，但它仍然盛行，并让妇女容易被家庭暴力困扰甚至死亡。
南加州大学的杰弗里·韦弗(Jeffrey Weaver)和弗吉尼亚大学的高拉夫·奇普伦卡(GauravChiplunkar)研究了1930年至1999年间印度74000多对婚姻，来研究嫁妆的演变。
他们计算“净嫁妆”，即新娘家送给新郎或其家人的现金和礼物与新郎家送给新娘家的现金和礼物的价值之差。这是一项对印度17个人口最多的邦的家庭进行的专家小组调查，研究人员依据的是来自“印度农村经济和人口调查”的数据。
大多数印度人的婚姻仍然是包办的，几乎所有的女性都在快30岁的时候结婚。1999年前，约90%的婚姻涉及嫁妆。1950年至1999年间的嫁妆支付总额为近2500亿美元。
韦弗在接受BBC采访时表示，研究发现，尤其是在20世纪40年代至80年代，经济增长延续并推动了支付嫁妆的做法。他说：“在这段时间里，越来越多的男性接受了教育，找到了质量更好的工作，这导致了嫁妆的增加。”
  
图像来源， Getty Images
印度的婚姻 
在印度，几乎所有的婚姻都是一夫一妻制
只有不到1%的人离婚
父母在选择新娘/新郎方面扮演着重要的角色，在1960年至2005年间，超过90%的婚姻是由父母选择配偶的
超过90%的夫妇婚后与夫家同住
超过85%的女性嫁给了自己村子以外的人
78.3%的婚姻都在同一地区
资料来源：印度人类发展调查，2005年；2006年全国家庭卫生调查。
 Based on this study, considering the distribution of the quality of the groom, you can most effectively understand the generation and evolution of dowry. The changes in the quality of the groom are related to their education and income improvement. (The low participation of women in Indian labor means that men have more and better jobs.)
In other words, "high -quality grooms" -This has been educated and has a better job -requires higher dowry. Studies have found that with the increase in the number of grooms that have been educated in the marriage market, the "dowry premium" obtained by the groom, which has been educated, will decrease.
"Powerful economic factors make the dowry permanently. In terms of bride, families who refuse to pay dowry for their daughters can only choose the groom with a lower quality. The groom has a strong economic motivation to accept the dowry, especially if their family must be for their families, their families must be for their families. His daughter paid the dowry, or wanted to recover the investment in the education of the groom, "Waver and Qipuraka wrote.
 Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
A mural of Angera, India, wrote that dowry is an insult to women.
Is the dowry unique to India? Another paper published by the University of British Columbia's Siwananderson believes that unlike India, in many society including Europe, dowry payment has declined as wealth grows. Anderson said that in Society, based on surnames in India, the increase in wealth has also led to an increase in dowry.
Waver and Qipuraka said their research found that there was almost no evidence about the tradition of the rise of dowry customs.
One theory believes that the dowry is implemented in the family of high surnames. As the low surnames follow these practices to improve these practices to improve their social liquidity, the dowry has also spread. This new study shows that this is unclear, because the custom of dowry has almost begun at the same time in the high surnames and low surnames.
In addition, some experts believe that the desire of low -surnamed women to marry a high -surnamed man has promoted the change of dowry. Waver said that this view is "incorrect" because "too little marriage on the surname of surnames" —ly 94%of Indians married in their large -scale groups in their research marriage.
As more and more women receive education, what will happen to the dowry?
 
图像来源， Getty Images
图像加注文字，
印度嫁妆礼物包括现金和实物。
在过去二三十年里，印度女性受教育程度有了显著提高，超过了男性。韦弗表示，这可能会导致要求嫁妆这样的做法减少，但目前没有支持这一现象的数据。
但该研究确实发现证据表明，在一个地区受教育的女性越多，“嫁妆金额就会减少”。
Obviously, promoting women's education and increasing their labor force can help solve the scourge of dowry.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65745045 
China's first domestic passenger aircraft C919 launched nearly 130 passengers to take the first commercial flight 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-05-29T09:41:19.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T09:41:19.000Z
Description: As a narrow -bodied model, C919 is regarded as a direct competitor of Boeing and European Airbus.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: []
Type: Article
China's first domestic passenger aircraft C919 launched nearly 130 passengers to take the first commercial flight 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-65745233/P0FR1K02/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65745233/p0fr1k02/zh-hans) 你的器材不支持播放多媒体材料 中国首架国产客机C919启用 近130名旅客搭乘首个商业航班 2023年5月29日
中国第一架国产客机C919 于 5 月 28 日进行首航，近130名旅客搭乘由C919执飞中国东方航空的MU9191航班从上海虹桥机场飞往北京首都机场。除引擎与航空电子设备，C919 多由中国团队製造。设计团队称，这标志着中国民航业进入“高端製业的行列”。
同样作为窄体机型，C919被视为美国波音与欧洲空中巴士的直接竞争者。根据上海本地的澎湃新闻报导，C919 已取得至少 28家国内外客户的订单，其中包括德国、泰国的航空公司以及美国一租赁公司。从 29 日起，此款机型会开始执飞上海到成都的例行航线。
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65745233 
China ’s large consumption fall, and Baozun e -commerce is impacted 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-29T09:50:37+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-28T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T05:50:99+08:00
Description: 这家电子商务服务公司称一季度电子产品销售额暴跌67%，小家电销售额则下跌36%。
Images: [" 000155006_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '电商', '全球市场', '财报', '消费']
Type: Article
 E -commerce service supplier Baozun E -commerce Co., Ltd.(BZUN.US;9991.HK)The latest financial report provides a strong evidence that shows an increasingly common theme in China, that is, cautious consumers are avoiding large expenditures. During the first quarter of the financial report season, we often see this theme in the automotive and real estate industry, which are the most expensive large items for ordinary consumers.
Now, Baozun's financial report shows that this trend also extends down to household appliances and electronic products along the "food chain". In contrast, cheaper products such as fast consumer goods and personal care products are recently popular, indicating that people are still willing to spend money on these cheaper daily products.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099790 
Turkish election: Erdogo is re -elected, and the country continues to divide 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-05-29T10:37:40.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T10:37:40.000Z
Description: The Turkish president, which has been in power for 20 years, has won another five -year term, and supporters celebrate all night, but at the moment when the country continues to differentiate, his call for solidarity looks empty.
Images: [" _128517100_er... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['歐洲', '俄国', '政治', '欧洲联盟', '土耳其', '北大西洋公约组织']
Type: Article
Turkish Election: Erdogan is re -elected, and the country continues to divide 
May 29, 2023 
图像来源， Getty Images
图像加注文字，
作为土耳其现代化计划的一部分，埃尔多安总统率先开展了许多重大基础设施项目。
执政多年的土耳其总统雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安(Recep Tayyip Erdogan)赢得又一个五年任期，他的支持者彻夜欢庆。 
“全国8500万人全体获胜了，”他在安卡拉市边沿的巨大官邸，向欢呼的民众这样说道。
但是，他对团结的呼唤显得空洞，因为他向对手凯末尔·基里达欧鲁(KemalKilicdaroglu)发出嘲笑——还将矛头指向牢狱中的库尔德族领袖以及LGBT(同性恋、双性变及跨性别)的支持政策。
竞选对手的领头人并未公开承认败选。
基里达欧鲁称这是“近年最不公平的选举”，指总统的政党动用了一切的政府力量对付他。
根据接近点算完毕的非官方统计结果，埃尔多安赢得刚刚超过52%的选票——这个深度两极分化的国家当中，有近一半选民并不支持他对土耳其的威权主义愿景。
最终，基里达欧鲁无法与训练有素的埃尔多安竞选阵营匹敌，尽管他已经将现任总统拉入第二轮的决选制阶段——这是2014年土耳其总统采取直选制以来的第一次。
但他未能扭转对手在第一轮的领先优势，差距超过200万票。
土耳其总统则最大限度地宣扬自己的胜利。他先是在第一大城市伊斯坦布尔一辆巴士上向民众发表演说，天黑之后又在自己的官邸阳台上讲话，聚集起来支持他的民众约有32万。
“赢的不仅是我们，是整个土耳其胜利了，”他宣称，这是土耳其历史上最重要的选举之一。
他向落败的对手发出嘲讽：“拜拜，凯末尔。”——安卡拉的支持者也跟随着呼喊这句话。
土耳其叙利亚现场：寒冷、愤怒的灾民以及难以抵达的交战地区 
他还遣责对手盟友支持LGBT的政策，称与他本人以家庭为核心的原则对立。
虽然最终的选举结果未确认，但是最高选举委员会表示，胜负已经没有疑问。
Image source, Necati Savas/EPA-EFE/Rex/Shutterstock
Image adding text,
Outside of Ankara's presidential official residence, the public gathered to listen to Erdogan's speech.
Erdogan supporters in Ankara went to the streets to celebrate victory. Some people called Islamic slogans, and some people prayed on the lawn of the Turkish national flag.
Although some supporters said that I believe that Erdogan will do better in the next five years, the president himself acknowledged that the severe inflation in Turkey is the most urgent problem at present -the country's annual inflation rate has been close to 44%, the influence is in -depth. To the life of every national.
The economy is not the most concerned about Erdogan's supporters at this moment. They said that they are proud of Erdogan's strong position in the world, and he refers to the Kurdish armed forces to crack down on "terrorists." —The tough.
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-65743863/P0FM6pf8/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-65743863/p0fm6pf8/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
What kind of changes have taken place in Turkey under Erdogan?
Despite the enthusiastic celebrations of supporters, in this tear country, the concept of unity seems to be unprecedented.
After the failure of the 2016 coup, Erdogan had abolished the position of the Prime Minister, and the power was highly concentrated.
Turkey's opposition can now only reorganize the fanfare in order to prepare for local elections in 2024.

Strong man leader who has been in power for 20 years 
Erdogan, who was cold, was a giant in Turkish politics. It has been leading this country for 20 years. After Mustafa Kemalaturk, the founding father of the founding of modern republics, The most impact on this country.
Although he experienced a series of crises, he still won in the 2023 election and continued to power.
This is his most unstable status for many years, and his opponent believes that he may defeat him.
Critics have accused him of increasing the crisis of living costs in Turkey.
In addition, as a leading leader, he set a proud record in the modern development of Turkey, but in February, the earthquake that won 50,000 lives seemed to have a slow response.
After escaping in the coupon in 2016, he turned the president's position into a supreme administrative role of power and suppressed the opponent and the disgraceful.
Beginning in 2003, first as the Prime Minister, and then since 2014, he has been the president after direct election. Turkey under the leadership of Erdogan has continued to "show muscles" as a regional force, promoted Islamic cause, and quickly overwhelmed political opponents.
Although he was a head of NATO member states, he placed himself in a mediation person in the Russia and Ukraine War, and made Sweden wait for the affairs of joining the Western Defense Alliance. His tough diplomacy anger in Europe and a wider range.
Erdogan ordered his country to divide the polarization, but he was the general of Changsheng in the election. His supporters call him "leader".
登上权力之位 
雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安在1954年2月生于土耳其黑海海岸，是一名海岸防卫队成员的儿子。13岁时，他父亲决定搬家到伊斯坦布尔，希望五个孩子能有更好的成长环境。
年轻的埃尔多安曾卖柠檬水和芝麻包赚外快。他就读伊斯兰教学校，之后在伊斯坦布尔的马尔马拉大学(MarmaraUniversity)取得管理学学位——同时还是一名职业足球员。

图像来源， AFP
图像加注文字，
埃尔多安的支持者喜欢他的强硬语调以及对伊斯兰传统价值的捍卫。
1970至1980年代，他活跃于伊斯兰教圈子，加入了内吉梅丁·埃尔巴坎(NecmettinErbakan)的亲伊斯兰主义福利党。随着该党1990年代越来越受欢迎，埃尔多安被选为1994年伊斯坦布尔市长，之后四年领导土耳其的最大城市。
但是，他的任期因为一件事戛然而止——他被指公开朗读民族主义诗歌煽动仇恨，诗歌中包括这样的句子：“清真寺是我们的兵营，圆顶是我们的头盔，尖塔是我们的刺刀，信徒是我们的士兵。”
在监禁数月后，他回归政坛。但是他的党派已由于违反现代土耳其政府严厉的非宗教准则而被禁。
2001年，他与盟友阿卜杜拉·居尔(AbdullahGul)创立新党派。2002年，正义与发展党(AKP)赢得议会大多数，埃尔多安也在之后一年被任命为总理。时至今日，他仍然是AKP的党主席。
执政头十年 
从2003年起，他做了三届总理，在一段经济稳定增长的时期中主政，并作为改革者赢得了国际社会赞誉。在埃尔多安优先以大型基础设施项目为土耳其实现现代化的时期，中产阶级规模扩大，数百万人摆脱贫困。
但是，批评者也警告，他正在变得越来越专制。
2013年，抗议者走上街头，一部分是因为他的政府计划将伊斯坦布尔市中心备受欢迎的公园改建，同时也是因为民众要挑战越发威权的统治。总理遣责示威者是刁民，街区民众会在每晚九点敲打锅盆以示反抗。三名内阁盟友的儿子也身陷腐败指控。
盖齐公园(The Gezi Park)的抗议成为他统治的一个黑白点。对他的批评者来说，他的所作所为更像是奥斯曼帝国的君主，而不是一个民主领袖。
埃尔多安还与身在美国的伊斯兰教学者阿訇法土拉·葛兰(FethullahGulen)交恶，后者的社会与文化运动曾帮助埃尔多安连续三次赢得选举，在军队脱离政治的运动中也贡献过力量。这场交恶在土耳其社会中引发了激烈的反响。
穆斯林复兴 
执政十年后，埃尔多安的政党也致力于解除1980年军事政变后订立的戴头巾的女性不得参与公共服务的命令。禁令最终解除，令女性可以加入警队、军队和司法部门。
批评者指，他挖了阿塔图克世俗国家墙脚。虽然埃尔多安本人是信徒，但他一直否认自己想要强制施行伊斯兰教价值观众，坚称他支持土耳其人公开表达宗教信仰的权利。
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Erdo's wife Emine often wore headscarves to attend public places.
However, he repeatedly supported adultery as a crime. As the father of the four children, he said that "no Muslim family" should consider breeding or family planning. "We will expand our descendants," he said in May 2016.
He praised his mother's identity, dispatched female doctrines, and said that men and women could not be treated equally.
Erdogan has long supported the Islamic cause -as we all know, he has a gesture of four fingers to Egypt's oppressed Muslim brothers.
In July 2020, under his auspices, Istanbul's historic Sofia Cathedral turned into a mosque, which angered many Christians. The cathedral built 1500 years ago was once turned into a mosque by the Ottoman Turks, but Atatk turned it into a museum -as a new secular national symbol.
A few hours after the start of the 2023 election, it was not a coincidence that the president was choosing to speak to the supporters during the late prayer.
Strengthen control 
After being banned from continuing to run for the Prime Minister, he first hit the president in the first election in 2014. At that time, it was a symbolic position. He already has a plan for reform and establishing a new constitution to benefit all the Turks and also make their country among the top ten economies in the world.
But in the early days of the president, he faced his position twice. His political parties lost a majority of parliamentary seats in a voting in 2015. In 2016, Turkey witnessed the first violent coup at an attempt of decades ago.
The rebels almost caught the president of the vacation in the seaside resort at the time, but he was rescued by the plane. In the early morning of July 16th, he appeared at the Atattuck Airport at the Atuk Airport in Istanbul, greeted him the cheers of supporters. They blocked the progress of the coup with the coup, and nearly 300 civilians were killed.
Image source, AFP
Image adding text,
On July 16, 2016, Erdogan's supporters blocked a military coup in one night.
The president appeared in national television and rally with supporters in Istanbul, claiming that he was "general commander". However, the situation was also obviously nervous. He cried openly when he spoke at a close friend's funeral, and the latter was shot and killed by the rebels.
The incident was blamed on the "Grand Movement", causing about 150,000 civil servants to be fired, and more than 50,000 people were detained, including soldiers, journalists, lawyers, police officers, scholars and Kurdish politicians.
The suppression of critics has caused foreign vigilance, and it has also caused Turkey's relations with the European Union to be cold: Turkey has tried to join the European Union for many years without progress. The dispute over the influx of immigrants in Greece has also exacerbated hostility.
However, in the shiny palace of 1,000 rooms from Axara's view of Akara, President Erdogan's location seemed to be unprecedentedly stable.

Image adding text,
In Ankara, the luxury of Erdogan's official residence was luxurious and was shrouded in controversy.
He won in a referendum in 2017, which enabled the president to have comprehensive power, including the improvisation of the emergency state, and appointing senior officials and intervention legal systems.
One year later, he won in the first round of presidential elections.
His core votes come from the town and rural conservative areas of Anatolia. In 2019, his party defeated in three largest cities -Istanbul, the capital Akara, and Izmir.
In the Mayor Election of Istanbul, the political party lost to the Fortune of the Republican Party (CHP) Ekremimamoglu, the main opposition of the Republican Party (CHP), for the 1990s It was a bitter loss. He never accepted the result.
Before Ima Mogu was banned from participating in the May election, he was ahead of the president in polls. President and his allies are accused of using court to revoke the qualifications of the popular mayor.
Image source, Yasin Akgul/AFP
Image adding text,
Ima Mogru won the mayor of Istanbul in 2019. Of course, he was considered the main opposition.
Turkey's third largest party and the People's Democratic Party (HDP) of New Kurdish are also afraid that they were banned from voting by Parliament because they were accused of being associated with Kurdish forces, but it decided to run in different names.
Like the past Turkish leaders, Erdogan gave a strong suppression on the banned Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK).
Although Turkey received more than 3.5 million refugees who had escaped from the Syrian civil war, Ankara also launched many operations on the Kurdish armed forces on the other side of the border, and crowded the Kurds in Turkey.
Erdogan has been closely related to Russian President Putin for a long time. He also tried to play an important mediation role in the Russian conflict.
Although he is the leader of NATO member states, he purchased Russia's anti -missile defense system and chose Russia to build the first nuclear reactor in Turkey.
Prior to the 2023 election, he tried to win the trust of nationalists and conservative voters by accusing Western needle to him.
"My country will shatter this conspiracy," he asserted and described it as an explosion point.
He visited the tomb of Adnan Mennders as the end of the 2023 campaign. This was the first prime minister in Turkey's democratic election and was executed after a military coup in 1961.
He wants people to know: "The era of coup and warlords is over."
*Istanbul Reporter Kagil Casapiglu ( Cagil Kasapoglu ) Participate in the report 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65743863 
Buffett's betting on Japan is intriguing 
Authors: ['马克•范德维尔德']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-29T11:42:13+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-28T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T07:38:99+08:00
Description: 巴菲特增持了5家日本贸易公司的股份，并通过以日元计价的债券为其购买提供资金。当然，做空日元肯定不是巴菲特的本意。
Images: [" 000180160_pic... "]
Themes: ['观点', '巴菲特']
Keywords: ['巴菲特', '伯克希尔哈撒韦', '日本股市', '日本经济', '投资']
Type: Article
 Warren Buffett(Warren Buffett)上个月在东京的出现受到欢迎，这是因为他选股的眼光一向很好。伯克希尔•哈撒韦公司(Berkshire Hathaway)最近增持了5家日本综合贸易公司的股份，此举被视为向日本长期萎靡不振的企业部门投下信任票。
巴菲特3年前开始买入所谓的“综合商社”(Inconsistency)的股份，他认为这项投资是在押注几家眼下被忽视、未来一定会赚取可观利润的企业。
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099791 
Multiple pro -government communities hold Victoria Park activities in Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong Sixth Candle Light may be difficult to reproduce 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:02:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:42:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Federation of Associated Press, the June 4th Commemorative Activities of the Park of Victoria Park, Hong Kong on June 4, 2022
Former "Hong Kong Citizens Supporting the Patriotic Democratic Movement Federation" (branch association) Cai Yaochang recently accepted an exclusive interview with VOA, saying that many pro -government communities in Hong Kong chose to hold activities in Victoria Park during the June 4th period. Authorities' motivation.
According to reports, community organizations in more than 20 provinces including Guangdong and Fujian are planned to hold a hometown market at the football field of Victoria Park, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong from June 3rd to 5th. Theme, celebrate the 26th anniversary of the return of Hong Kong's sovereignty.
Cai Yaochang said, "In the past few years, the political and legal situation of Hong Kong has changed greatly. Especially in 2022, the branch association has been revoked by the Hong Kong government. The National Security Law. Under the National Security Law, the Hong Kong police now handle any parade and rally. It is almost impossible to see any public mourning June 4th activities this year. "
This year marks the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident. The organizers of the above -mentioned activities will use 4 football fields and half central lawns of Victoria Garden, which means that Victoria Garden will no longer hold a six -four candlelight party for 4 consecutive years. The report quoted You Weijie, a spokesman for the family members of the June 4th Incident "Tiananmen Mother", said that Hong Kong people had the right to publicize June 4th, and the Hong Kong government should not prohibit.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-05292023120220.html 
Hundreds of Christian pastor believers in Hong Kong co -signed the "June 4th Anniversary Prayer" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:03:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:39:19-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 June 4th Anniversary Prayer Screenshot of the joint link
According to the news released by the American Civil Religious Rights Organization to the China Aid Association, a title of "There is a master in the world, there is no fear in love in love", and At present, 361 people have been signed, including Christian leaders, professors of theological seminaries, church pastors, believers, etc.
Memorial prayer pointed out that the Bible scriptures are used as the content of prayer, "The historical trauma of 34 years will be diluted in time, and we will be forgotten at high pressure. We still insist on watching and mourning."
The China Aid Association stated that the Democratic Movement in 1989 was suppressed by blood in the evening of June 3rd to the early morning of June 4th. The "Hong Kong", which was once proud of the Chinese people, held large -scale commemorative activities in Victoria Park every year. No longer holding the Massage Mass in two years. However, "June 4th" has become the common memory of the times and cannot be forgotten or ignored.
According to reports, the full text of this commemorative prayer will be published in the Times Forum published on June 4. The Assistance Association of China pointed out that prayers deeply reflect the struggles of Hong Kong Christians in the context of the communist regime attempting to destroy Hong Kong's civilized order and look forward to the advent of justice and peace.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-05292023120320.html 
The Texas Parliament in the United States has supported Taiwan's resolution to establish a cross -party friendly line connection 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:41:47-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Texas Parliament Building Associated Press Picture
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-05292023120416.html 
Polls: The support rate of the German Green Party fell to 13% 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-29T12:28:00Z
Description: According to the latest polls of the German public opinion investigation agency Insa, the support of the German Green Party fell to 13%, down to a new low since 2018. The support of the German Options Party continues to rise.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['欧债危机', '欧盟', '德国', '绿党', '留学德国', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选', '德中关系', '默克尔']
Keywords: ['德国', '绿党', '红绿灯政府', '暖气法', '哈贝克']
Id: 65763360
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) In the context of political disputes on heating law, a survey result conducted by the Sunday Pictures entrusts the German public opinion survey agency insa. A percentage point, the lowest value since 2018.
On the other hand, according to this survey, the support rate of the party's right to choose the party is 18 %, an increase of 1 percentage point over last week. According to reports, the support rate of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) of Prime Minister Shulz has decreased by 1 percentage point, currently 20 %. The support rate of the Alliance Party remains unchanged at 28 %. The support rate of the Liberal Democratic Party (FDP) increased by 1 percentage point to 9 %. The support rate of the left party has dropped by 1 percentage point, currently 4 %.
The controversial heating method 
The Green Party Minister of Economic Minister Habeck plans to gradually replace the laws of harmful climate oil and natural gas heating, and even have different opinions in the joint government. The Liberal Democratic Party, one of the governing alliances, blocked the possibility of this Cabinet Act in the Federal House.
Federal Economic Minister of Economic Minister of Economy plans, starting in 2024, each newly installed heating system must use at least 65 % of renewable energy operation
Based on this plan, starting from 2024, each newly installed heating system must be operated with at least 65 % of renewable energy. The United Government decided that the bill will take effect on January 1, 2024, but it still seems to be full of unknown. Habeck believes that there is still room for operating space for the specific effective time of the bill. He recently announced the plan to make a few modifications for the draft.
According to INSA's polls, 57%of the respondents opposed the prohibition of oil and natural gas heating, 28%of the respondents supported, and 15%of the respondents did not express their opinions on this issue. 31 % of the respondents believe that the coalition government will end until the term of 2025, and 51 % of the interviewees believe that the Sels government will fall apart before this. Only 27 % are satisfied with the federal government's work.
Germany pointed out that public opinion surveys are usually full of uncertainty. The attractiveness of the party's voters or the decision of voters' voting decisions is becoming more and more short -term, making it difficult for poll agencies to weigh the data collected by weighing the data. Public opinion investigation only reflects public opinion during the investigation, not the prediction of the election results. The next federal election is scheduled to be in 2025.
(Germany, Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/民调：德国绿党支持率跌至13/a-65763360?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Japan's nuclear wastewater discharge sea in the institution of the atomic energy institution to go to Fukushima for review 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-29T14:04:00Z
Description: The Japanese government launched a plan for the sewage of Fukushima nuclear power plants into the ocean this summer, but local fishermen and neighboring countries have strongly opposed it. Japan hopes that international atomic energy agencies can provide assistance to ensure that the discharge process meets safety standards.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 科技环境
Subjects: ['伊朗']
Keywords: ['福岛核电站', '\xa0核废水', '\xa0排海计划', '\xa0中国', '\xa0日本', '\xa0福岛', '\xa0世界卫生大会', '国际原子能机构']
Id: 65763766
The International Atomic Energy Agency will also visit Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The working group sent by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), a United Nations, arrived in Tokyo on Monday (May 29). It is expected that Japan will be reviewed before the discharge of diluted nuclear sewage. According to a statement issued by the International Atomic Energy Agency on May 26, the experts of the working group will review the wastewater treatment plan of the Fukushima nuclear power plant with international security standards to prevent humans and the environment threatened by harmful nuclear radiation substances.
The Ministry of Economic and Industry of Japan said that the group members include experts from 11 countries. In this five -day visit, it will meet with the government and nuclear power plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Company, and visit the Fukushima first nuclear power plant to observe the preparation of the multi -nuclein removal device (ALPS).
It takes decades to complete 
Japan announced in April 2021 that the wastewater discharge plan was announced, which said that after further treatment and dilution of nuclear pollution wastewater to the "safety level", wastewater will be gradually released into the ocean. 此计划在2022年7月由日本原子能规制委员会批准。
日本官员说，这些水将被处理到可合法释放的水平，并用大量的海水进一步稀释。他们补充，这些水将在数十年内通过一个海底管道逐渐释放，使其对人类和海洋生物均无害。
The International Atomic Energy Agency Working Group also visited Japan last February to discuss the issue of wastewater with Japanese officials (information photos)
In 2022, the International Atomic Energy Agency had sent people many times to Japan for investigation. According to the institutional statement, there have been five reports related to the wastewater discharge plan, including "technology" and "supervision". Safety review work.
Next, after the Japanese nuclear regulatory agency conducts a safety inspection of newly built drainage facilities, and the International Atomic Energy Institution is expected to propose a final report at the end of June this year, Japan is expected to start the processing nuclear waste water in the sea within a few months.
Oppose sound waves 
However, the plan has been strongly opposed by Fishermen from Fukushima, and they are worried about potential health hazards and affected livelihood. South Korea, China, and Pacific Island countries have all raised questioning of nuclear waste water that may affect health.
Therefore, the Japanese authorities seek the help of international atomic energy agencies to ensure that its emissions process meets international security standards and expect to obtain understanding of other countries. The Japanese government has strengthened publicity activities at the Japanese media and food exhibitions to promote the security of Fukushima seafood products. At the same time, it provides regular briefings to foreign governments including members of the South Korea and Pacific Island Forum.
A inspector is testing the content of the Fukushima wastewater sample
At the same time, the Chinese representative said at the World Health Conference (WHA) on May 27: It resolutely oppose Japan's unilateral decision to discharge Fukushima nuclear pollution water into the ocean. According to Chinese representatives, the coast of Fukushima has the strongest ocean flow in the world. After 10 years of nuclear pollution water, the radioactive nucleoin will spread to the global waters. Chinese representatives also emphasized that before negotiating with all parties, the Japanese party must not start nuclear pollution water to discharge the sea without authorization.
500 wastewater of the Olympic pool 
At present, nearly 1.3 million tons of polluting water stored in the water tank of the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station is water used to cool the core of the reactor after the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. The total amount is sufficient to fill the standard swimming pool of about 500 Olympic Games, and the annual maintenance cost will cost about 100 billion yen. Moreover, the current storage space is almost left. Japanese officials said that it is necessary to remove the water currently stored in the water tank to prevent unexpected leaks that may occur when another disaster occurred in the future.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 

When the 71 -year -old fisherman Ono Haruki removed his fishing at Komigou in Shinachi, it was already bright. Ono is the third -generation fisherman and has been in Shinachi for half a century. It was only 55 kilometers north of Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station. In 2011, one of the most serious nuclear accidents in the world occurred there.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Fishing and survival 
When cleaning silver fish, Ono remembered the day when he changed the world: On March 11, 2011, a nine -level earthquake triggered a huge tsunami on the east coast of Japan. Ono survived on his boat, but his home on the land was destroyed. He lost a younger brother. The tsunami also impacted the Fukushima nuclear power plant, causing explosion and melting.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Tragging fisheries 
The radiation released during the disaster during the reactor caused the fisheries in the area to be completely stagnant. It was not until 12 years later that the price of fish slowly recovered. Ono believes that Tokyo Electric Power Corporation will be "unbearable" that the plans of polluting water into the sea again. He was worried, "We are afraid we will return to the origin again."
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Place of cooling water 
The damaged Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station scene at the scene of the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station is the focus of controversy. According to the authorities, these water storage tanks must be removed before rebuilding. These water is mainly used for cooling reactors after the disaster.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
cooling water is safe? 
Fishermen in Fukushima 
In control? 
The radiation test standards cited by the Tokyo Electric Power Corporation and the Tokyo government are stricter than other countries that are also discharged. This release has also been approved by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). "We have equipment to make water safe." Tomohikomayuzum, a spokesman for Tokyo Power Company, told Reuters.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Fish in the wastewater tank 
In order to prove the processed water innocence and harmless, Tokyo Electric Power Company is breeding fishes in the water tank of the abandoned Fukushima first nuclear power plant. Toshihirowada at the University of Fukushima said that it can understand the fishermen's concerns. He said that Tokyo Electric Power Corporation announced that the emission of polluting water was "unfortunate" for the fisheries that have just recovered in the region.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
Sprinkle salt on the wound? 
Fisherman Ono Haruki poured the fish he captured into a water tank. He was angry at Tokyo Electric Power Company: "The ocean is not a trash can." He said in an interview with Reuters and asked, "Why do you put water to the waters of Fukushima, why not put water to Tokyo or Osaka?" He said, he said, The people in the region have suffered sufficient pain, and now they have suffered more pain.
*#
Fishermen in Fukushima 
The future of fishermen 
Ono Chunfu stands in the place where the former house is located. After the tsunami, the area was turned into a park. Although his new home is inland, the 71 -year -old man had to "work at sea" to the end of his life. He felt dim in the future prospects of the fishing industry. He asked: "What do those children who go to elementary and junior high schools?" For them, it was too unstable for them.
Author: philipp böll
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/日本核废水排海在即-原子能机构再赴福岛审查/a-65763766?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
A Chinese ship was suspected of illegally salvage World War II shipping ships in Malaysia 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-29T16:45:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:41:30-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Prince of Wales, HMS Prince ofwales, is the No. 2 ship of the Royal Navy King George V, British King George V. Wikipedia
Reuters quoted the Malaysian maritime department on May 29 that a bulk carrier registered in China was detained last weekend because the ship broke down in the unauthorized waters and found the wreckage of shells in the World War III on the ship.
Earlier reports have disclosed that some vessels tried to salvage two British World War II "Prince Wales" and "counterattack" sediment in the British World War II in the coast of Malaysia. The two ships were sunk by torpedoes of the Japanese Navy in 1941. The Royal Navy National Museum and the British Department of Defense have expressed concern and condemnation on the above news last week.
Malaysia's Maritime Law Enforcement Agency stated that a vessel registered and carrying 32 crew members in Fuzhou, China failed to show the anchor permit when he received a routine inspection in the southern waters of Malaysia on Sunday. After further inspection, there were also waste metals and artillery shells suspected of two British shipwrecks on the ship.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-05292023164438.html 
China ’s labor aging is seriously allowed to allow super -aged construction migrant workers to enter the construction site 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-29T16:47:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:41:03-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A construction site in Beijing Reuters pictures
When the birth rate of China's population is declining, the aging of the labor population is becoming increasingly serious. As a result, the measures of the upper limit of the aging of the local governments have attracted public opinion.
According to China Caixin.com, the Jiangsu Provincial Department of Housing and Urban -Rural Development recently issued the "Notice on Further Doing the Pilot Application of the" Jian'an Code "System of Construction Construction Persons'" Jian'an Code ", showing that the local government is no longer" one -size -fits -all "to prohibit oversized construction workers from entering the construction site. According to reports, the so -called super -aged construction workers, 60 to 65, and female workers from 55 to 60. Jiangsu Province hopes to control the proportion of super -aged workers by paying codes for construction workers.
The report also quoted officials of the Chinese Ministry of Socialist and Social Security that the relevant departments have now adjusted their policies, and all places have relaxed the restrictions on the age of construction workers.
In recent years, the aging problem of China's construction industry has gradually intensified. Beijing's "Economic Daily" previously disclosed that according to the current proportion of migrant workers over the age of 50, in the future, 80 million migrant workers may face overtime issues. How to transform aging of aged migrant workers is a realistic topic on the issue of labor resources in China.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-05292023164654.html 
Japan and South Korea strictly wait for North Korea to put the "satellite" Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs: 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-29T16:49:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:40:42-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 North Korea notified the Japanese government on Monday that it will launch artificial satellites from 00:00 on the 31st to 00:00 on the 11th of the next month. The data screen of North Korea's launch rocket was broadcast on the 29th news period of the South Korea's Metro. Photo: RFA
North Korea notified the Japanese government on Monday that it will launch artificial satellites from 00:00 on the 31st to 00:00 on the 11th of the next month. After the move quickly triggered a warning of South Korea and Japan's high warning, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning responded to this with the "cause" of the peninsula.
Mao Ning also said, "I hope that the relevant parties can face up to the problem of problems, adhere to the direction of political solution, and solve their reasonable concerns through meaningful dialogue balance."
South Korea ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs emphasized on the same day that the so -called“ launch satellite ”of the North Korean party seriously violated the UN Security Council’ s resolutions on prohibiting all launch behaviors that prohibit all use of ballistic missile technology. The South Korean government will cooperate with the international community on the basis of the close cooperation between South Korea, the United States and Japan, and resolutely respond to the provocation of the DPRK.
According to the Yonhap News Agency, the reason why North Korea notified the artificial satellite launch plan to Japan is because according to the Global Navigation Warning Service (WWNWS) of the International Maritime Organization (IMO), the XI area in the Navarea (NAVAREA) of the South Korea and North Korea, and the area in this area, and the area The coordination country is Japan. It is reported that North Korea has not notified the launch plan to international maritime organizations and other institutions.
Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Yoshio also stated on Monday that North Korea even claims to launch a "satellite", but the launch of the use of ballistic missile technology also violated the UN Security Council resolution, "this is a major issue related to national security." On the same day, the Director of Asian Oceania, the Asian Oceania of the Foreign Affairs of Japan also held a telephone consultation with the US Korean policy, and the South Korean and Korean Peninsula Minister Kim Jian, which confirmed that it would strongly require North Korea to restrain themselves. The deterrent power reached an agreement.
According to the report of the Kyodo News, North Korea launched the actual ballistic missile in April 2009, April 2012, December 2012 and February 2016 in April 2009, April 2012, December 2012, and February 2016. At present, Japan's Defense Okuta Yaki has issued a "destruction measure" to the Self -Defense Force to intercept the missile.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-05292023164857.html 
LEX column: American retail investors lose "Free Version" 
Authors: ['Lex专栏']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-29T22:39:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T18:29:99+08:00
Description: The US stock market, which has risen sharply in the first half of this year, may be difficult to continue their rise in the second half of the year. At the same time, bank deposits and currency market funds now provide higher yields.
Images: [" 000126800_pic... "]
Themes: ['美国股市']
Keywords: ['美国股市', '微软', '苹果', '摩根大通', '标普500', '纳斯达克100指数']
Type: Article
 Once bitten, twice shy? Fore investors who lost money during the bear market in 2022 basically sat on the sidelines when the US stock market rose sharply this year. Since the beginning of January, the Nasdaq Comprehensive Index(Nasdaq Composite)Climbing more than 20%, and the S & P 500 Index(S&P 500)It has resumed vitality from the turbulence of the banking industry in March, rising by 9%at the same time.
After buying the stocks that had been lowered before 2023, the willingness to purchase stocks had weakened. According to Morgan Chase(JPMorganChase)Introduction, stocks and exchanges trading funds(ETF)Retail transaction orders currently account for less than 16%of all transaction flows, significantly lower than the peak of 23%at the end of January.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099796 
Hong Kong businessmen go north -the cornerstone of contemporary export trade (Free Version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-29T22:40:35+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T18:40:99+08:00
Description: Li Hanming: With the Hong Kong businessman went north to the Mainland, the Asia Pacific region gradually formed the "Asian Four Little Tigers" and the two large -differential "geese" in China.
Images: [" 000171963_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '外贸', '香港']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
[Editor's note] With the continuous development of China's local capital, China's situation in foreign investment has also changed. China's local capital is gradually forming its own multinational brands, and this brand effect has begun to achieve results in stable exports and foreign trade performance. To this end, FT Chinese Network recently organized the "Road to China's Foreign Trade Transformation" topic. In the next series of articles, we will tell how representative companies in different provinces in China will form their own multinational brands in different segments in different segments. Essence Edit, contact Yan MAN.YAN@ftchinese.com. 
In the study of international trade and industrial layout, the "theory of geese morphology" proposed by Japanese scholars based on the theory of comparative advantage in 1935 is a very representative statement. Under the "Goose Theory", some industries in developed countries will gradually transfer to developing countries in the form of international trade and foreign investment due to comparison due to comparative costs (the typical reason is that labor force is in short economic development).
Economic development in the Asia -Pacific region after World War II was a typical example of this theory: After the economic growth of Japan in the 1960s and 1980s, the economy of the four Asia (Hong Kong and Taiwan, Singapore and South Korea) also began to develop between the 1970s and 1990s. stand up. So, the question is -Who does the industry be transferred to the industry after the four dragons in Asia developed?
The general recognition of the international community in the 1980s is the "Asian Four Little Tigers" (Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia and the Philippines). At that time, large -scale enterprises in European and American countries made direct investment in these countries to invest in direct investment, which made the economy of these four countries thrive.
At the same time, some Hong Kong businessmen responded to the country's call for "crossing the Shenzhen River" and opened another geese. This geese first developed in the Pearl River Delta area separated by the water. With the process of China's reform and opening up and the development of the western region, it has developed to the land of Shenzhou.
In this regard, after the four dragons in Asia, the "geese array" was divided into two. These two geese not only competed with each other in the 30 years to the present, have gradually shaped the manufacturing pattern of today's Asian region, and the probability of continuous competition in the next 30 years will continue. Therefore, studying the foundation and characteristics of these two geese arrays is of great benefit to China's future economic development.
The first typical difference of these two geese arrays is that their communication language is different. In the traditional "American -Japan -Four Dragons in Asia -Other Countries in Southeast Asia", the dominant language is English; and from the geese array that crosses the Shenzhen River in Hong Kong, it occupies a dominant language It is Chinese.
The biggest communication with English and Chinese is the cost of communication and the investment threshold for investment. Friends who are familiar with enterprise management may know that a typical problem among enterprise management is the "agent dilemma" between bosses, management and employees. The dilemma of agents is usually composed of a motivation (the interests of all parties) and a premise (the existence of information asymmetry between the three) -the language is the key factor that determines the asymmetry and communication efficiency of information, which affects production costs.
Therefore, companies produced in Southeast Asia are often dominated by large enterprises -because the gap between English and local languages is too large, so it is necessary The three -layer structure of employees, the cost and threshold are obviously higher; but in turn, in the Pearl River Delta and even all over China, there are many small factories invested by Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan businessmen, and even individual households -although the Mandarin of the older generation of Hong Kong businessmen is from time to time The ridicule is "pot melon", but this does not affect the boss directly communicating with all sectors of society such as employees, governments.
When it comes to this, it is necessary to mention the "southbound policy" of the Taiwan authorities to encourage the investment in Southeast Asia. This policy has been mentioned when Lee Teng -hui is still doing leaders in the 1990s, but it has always been inadequate -if compared with investment in mainland China, Taiwan's investment in Southeast Asia is really insignificant. If you want to delve into the reason, the high communication costs brought by language are definitely one. (Taiwanese businessmen will continue to be detailed in the next article, so I won't go into details.)
In addition to reducing the communication cost and investment threshold of investment in language communication, it also affects the investor's mentality. English is a typical trade language in Southeast Asia (few people master, and usually limited to trade communication), while Chinese is a typical cultural language in China (more people master, and the context use is more abundant).
Therefore, European and American merchants speak English in Southeast Asia and Chinese businessmen speak Chinese in the Mainland. The situation is completely different -to some extent, returning to the Mainland is both investment and a place to live in a place. Many friends in Hong Kong and Macao have invested in the industry with a return certificate in Guangdong. Those who have lived in Guangdong for more than 20 years have abound.
The difference between this mentality is directly reflected in the investment location. Unlike foreign investors in Southeast Asia, unlike a small city with a complete foreigner with well -known foreign people, many Hong Kong entrepreneurs who invest in the Mainland often choose to invest in "fallen leaves" in their hometown.
The low -risk sensitivity brought by the low -risk exposure of low -risk exposure and the mentality of "falling leaves" brought by low operating costs has made this geese of China survive the Asian financial turmoil in 1997 -at the same time, the "Asian Four Little Tigers" is Influenced by the United States and Japan in the 1990s, the influence of Southeast Asia's foreign capital returning to the mother country, it suffered a severe frustration in the Asian financial turmoil.
Let's further follow this topic. Here we need to mention two common English words -OFSHORING "offshore" and Outsourcing "outsourcing". Offshoring offshore refers to the movement of a business process out of the country where the main business is located, while the Outsourcing outsourcing refers to the completion of a business process to other entities in the form of a commission contract.
We just mentioned that most investors in Southeast Asian factories are mainly large -scale enterprises, while Hong Kong investors set up in the Mainland are mainly small and medium -sized business owners. Most of the branches of large enterprises in Southeast Asia belong to the typical Office -although the factory has been relocated to Southeast Asian countries and saves labor costs, factories and production equipment are still overseas assets of the head office. In this model, the factory itself is part of the parent company's production plan: most factories have demand when they are completed, and the demand is not a problem that local management needs to consider (often this is also managed by the local people, but the unified by the parent company is unified by the parent company. consider).
Conversely, investors in small and medium -sized enterprises set up in China need to carry the burden of production and sales at the same time. This business model that needs to take into account production and sales has formed the unique "front shop and back factory" structure of the Pearl River Delta -Hong Kong people receive orders in English on the one hand, and on the one hand, in Cantonese or Mandarin, they say hello to production in Dongguan, Shenzhen EssenceThis is the fundamental reason why the Pearl River Delta can do "China -Africa Trade" and pushing Guangzhou to the "Third World Capital" -the accumulation of capital accumulation of Ethiopia, Africa, Lig, and Latinarian countries is unlikely to invest in China; but If you start a small business from buying goods, it is naturally more than enough. At the same time, Hong Kong merchants can also undertake various orders at home and abroad without having to stick to a single market.
Let's go back to the theory of Yanxing. Most of the time, the theory of Yanxing is carried out in the form of foreign direct investment: for example, the investment of the four small dragons in Asia in Asia, and the investment of the four small tigers in Asia is a typical example. However, the theory of Yanxing itself just means that the industrial transfer in geographical location does not expect what form the industry will "move". From this perspective, this offshore outsourcing culture introduced in China with Hong Kong and merchants has brought a profound impact on the entire China's foreign trade structure.
To a certain extent, China is a small and medium -sized enterprise as the main body to undertake an industrial transfer model with an order of overseas customers. The planned industrial transfer model is indeed many difficulties at the beginning stage, but it has the precious and solid foundation of operating autonomy.
In the article "Folding Smile Curve", we have said that the biggest change brought by cross -border e -commerce is that business owners have more or less ability to face customer needs, which breaks the monopoly of foreign business needs for customer needs. However, cross -border e -commerce is designed to help companies find customers' business models. It is impossible to be born in countries that accept industrial transfer in the form of large -scale enterprises in the form of large enterprises -sales channels are controlled by foreigners. Instead, the locals are responsible. Where can this business take root in the soil?
Therefore, to some extent, now with a variety of product options, in Europe and the United States, it has quickly become the success of cross -border e -commerce applications of a large popular APP. A credit. Mr. Yan Fu, the famous thinker of the late Qing Dynasty and the beginning of the Republic of China, "is expensive and free, and the country is independent". It also seems to be applicable to business and industry.
If the story of Hong Kong merchants mainly engaged in the textile industry was the first act of this drama, then the story of Taiwanese businessmen in the electronics industry in the west of the mainland, which is mainly engaged in the electronics industry. screen. Of course, the scale of the electronics industry is far greater than that of the textile industry, and the industrial structure is more complicated. In the next article, we will discuss the export of electronic assembly industries developed by Taiwanese businessmen on the mainland.
_ _ 吧 (This article only represents the author's own point of view, and the editor is responsible: Yan MAN.YAN@ftChinese.com)_
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099793 
Is the quantitative transaction perfect? (Free version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-29T22:41:03+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T18:40:99+08:00
Description: Wang Qian: The stability of data in quantitative transactions has a huge impact on the entire financial market. It is not only to improve the quality of data, but also pay attention to the stability of the external environmental system related to data. This is the real truth.
Images: [" 000177257_pic... "]
Themes: ['量化交易']
Keywords: ['量化交易', '数据', '投资']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
According to the latest data of the Volume Network, as of the end of July, the number of tens of billions of quantitative private equity institutions reached 30, a record high. Behind this is that the investment strategy of quantitative private equity products has also changed significantly.
In recent years, the rise of fintech has accelerated the transformation and upgrading of the traditional financial industry, and it has also spawned many emerging industries and financial service models including Internet finance, quantitative finance, big data finance, digital currency and intelligent investment advisors.
When it comes to quantitative finance, people are inseparable from quantitative transactions. Whether domestic or abroad, the quantitative investment trading strategy containing a halo such as "proceduralization", "high -tech", and "high -stabilization benefits" is constantly reflected in people's eyes. In recent years, domestic quantitative investment can be described as "two days of ice and fire." After just experiencing the expansion of the industry, it encountered the queue and market style switching of Niu and Bear, which caused quantitative funds to be tested.
So, is the quantitative transaction really perfect? What do people pay attention to in quantitative transactions?
Quantitative transactions are not unfamiliar to us. It refers to a subjective judgment that replaces artificially with mathematical models. It uses computer technology to formulate a variety of "high probability" incidents that can bring excess returns from huge historical data to formulate strategies. The example is high -frequency transactions. Here, computers replace the minds of the human brain in part or extent.
As the name suggests, quantification is based on the mathematical model. Here are mainly the mathematical statistical model combined with trading strategies. We know that Curable statistics are science based on data, so quantitative finance cannot be separated from data. As we simply, the mathematical statistical methods involved in quantitative finance are Bayesian statistics, time series analysis, machine learning, etc. These methods are inseparable from the demand for data. The process of quantitative finance is achieved through computer programming, and the entire process cannot be separated from the application of data. If the quality and quantity of data are not ideal, it will inevitably affect the application of quantitative finance because it is based on data. From the transaction process, the price limit order system is a typical application scope.
Quantitative transactions involve transaction strategies, risk models, and trading cost models as their basic theoretical basis. These three structured asset portfolio models. This asset portfolio model generated can be traded in the financial market through quantitative methods. Several of them involve data.
The data problem in quantitative transactions not only cover the data itself, but also contains the external environment of data, its technology platform, etc. Because all these factors have created the major environment of data and determine the quality and quantity of data.
Take the stock price as an example. For those stocks with low transactions, they lack data sequences of data; for some stocks with high transactions, their prices are intermittent changes (lack of continuity). These are undoubtedly an unsatisfactory performance. No matter which link, the data itself has problems. For example, data counting points, data collection, how to get the price from the data, and the time difference between the data obtained as the real time.
The mathematical model is a method of application in the process of quantitative finance. In the final analysis, it must have a transaction strategy as support. Commonly used quantitative strategies include valuable investment, global macro strategy, Alpha strategy, etc. When using these trading strategies, people need data to support.
For financial products, we are familiar with stocks, futures, goods, etc., and they all have data quality problems with different characteristics and dimensions. We take stocks as an example: dividends, faults, dividends, abnormal values, etc., all affect the quality of data in the quantitative financial process. Because of the emergence of these situations, the data of the stock price has the phenomenon of discontinuous, jumping, and abnormalities, which will inevitably increase the difficulties in the process of use -whether to use these data and how to deal with these problems.
Another example is commodity transactions. Its transaction characteristics are very short in transaction time, usually a few months; and the amount of transaction is relatively small. If you use the product as a quantitative position in the quantitative finance process and use its price data, these are all problems -the data quality is not good.
Mentioning the importance of data in quantitative transactions is inseparable from a dimension, that is, whether the external environment of the data is reliable. Because quantitative transactions rely on data to a large extent -from the calculation method, to the basic materials used, it has been based on data, so its security and credibility are also important. When it comes to security, there must be sufficient requirements for the external environment of the data: a stable system. This is particularly important in high -frequency trading. If the security and stability of the trading system does not meet the requirements, once problems occur, it will inevitably have a huge negative impact on the entire market and transactions.
In high -frequency transactions, large -scale transactions can threaten system stability and market integration. Because large -scale and high -speed input, correction, and deletion of order information may cause great negative pressure on the infrastructure of the exchange. This is a problem that data is easily generated in the quantitative transaction process.
In high -frequency transactions, the speed and complexity of transactions have been improved. But it also has corresponding risks: it can increase the burden of the entire trading system due to a sudden large order. There is also a possibility that quantitative transactions are affected by the major events in the market, which has led to more series of quantitative transactions, which is the chain reaction we often mention. These have increased market volatility.
We have explained the difficulty of quantitative transactions due to the quality, quantity and stability of the external environment due to the data itself. Then artificial data manipulation affects the authenticity and credibility of the transaction from another level. This also belongs to the problem of operational risk in the transaction. Here, IT risks in the security system are a kind of operating risk. IT risks are difficult to control through mathematical models. It is more dependent on the stability and quality of the IT process, as well as the IT products invested. In order to ensure the quality of the entire process and the system, certain measures need to be taken in technology and organization.
Since data has a very important role in quantitative transactions, the emergence of these problems must be resolved to ensure the quality of quantitative transactions. At present, some countries have issued relevant regulatory policies to deal with problems in data in quantitative finance. For example, in Germany, regulators require clear management measures such as new product processes, automatic control, continuous monitoring processes, and crisis emergency programs for system stable operation risks that may occur during quantitative transactions.
To put it in detail in detail, German financial regulatory agencies have removed very high requirements for the system and control measures of quantitative transactions, and they are involved in: reduce risk and stop market operations; Emergency measures for quantitative transactions of traffic; filed for quantitative transactions, trading systems and control mechanisms.
(作者系同济大学副教授、FRM。本文仅代表作者观点。责任编辑邮箱：Tao.feng@ftchinese.com)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099792 
To cope with the "China +1" in the West to the more open "China+" 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-29T22:41:31+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T18:41:99+08:00
Description: Zhao Jian: What kind of fate will the Chinese manufacturing industry in the post -industrial era, will the "rust zone" also appear? How to create new demand, open up new markets, and establish a correct combination relationship with the old -fashioned industrial countries?
Images: [" 000090414_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济']
Keywords: ['供应链', '中国经济', '世界经济']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
When multinational companies in Western countries search for the so -called supply chain to find the "China +1" that can replace the position of the world's factory, China's manufacturing private enterprises quietly created "China+" that integrates digital technology and traditional wisdom. That is, based on China's profound manufacturing, the most advanced digital technology creates the "Global Mother Plant" in China, forming a tentacles of talents, technology, and capital that extended to the world, with a more flexible, tough, and humanized posture again again Integrate into the global industrial chain and supply chain to create a more open Chinese modern industrial system. In a sense, this is a Chinese -style re -globalization that Chinese private enterprises strive to pursue and stormy.
Since last year, Western companies such as Apple, TPICOMPOSITES, Denmark in Denmark, and Salcomp in Finland have increased investment in India. At an attempt to build a "world factory" outside China, Made in China is also in large private enterprises. Under leadership, increase investment and increase production capacity. For example, Lenovo Group's Southern Intelligent Manufacturing Base in Shenzhen is officially large -scale this year, and increases its production capacity against the trend, helping the entire group to continue to steadily occupy the number one in the world's PC shipments. The international logistics advantage, facing the world to build a "mother -based factory", and responds to the "China +1" of Western companies with an open posture of "China+". Not only Lenovo, more and more Chinese manufacturing private enterprises are promoting China's industrial upgrading to a higher level of opening to the outside world with this model and concept.
This model is not only a strategic measure for large -scale manufacturing private enterprises, but also an inevitable choice under the unreasonable change in a century -under the situation of continuous upgrading of international competition, accelerate the mid -to -high -end transition of the industrial chain and value chain. After entering the era of industrialization, China's manufacturing industry is facing unprecedented domestic and foreign pressures. In China, a small number of people have a lot of negative public opinion for private enterprises (until now, there is still a phenomenon of misunderstanding by society), which seriously damages the motivation and confidence of private manufacturing enterprises. Globally, a rapidly rising China, an industrial chain and the "rising star" of the continuous upgrade of the value chain, how to "compete for cakes" with mature developed industrial countries, establish new competition relationships, reduce non -economic significance with non -economic significance Conflict and conflict, more benign competition and cooperation, these are unprecedented propositions of the times.
Especially overseas, sanctions, decoupling, broken chain, and blocking ... Since Trump, it has suppressed the global influence of Chinese manufacturing and overthrowing China's world factory status. Essence This situation has not changed as Trump stepped down Bayeng, but has intensified after the new crown and the Russian -Ukraine conflict. In response to the "threat" made in China, the United States has introduced documents such as the "Chip and Science Act" and "Inflation Act", which are accelerating to decide with China. At the same time, more and more European and American companies have ran to India and Southeast Asia in an attempt to find another world factory that can replace China's supply chain. They call it the "China +1" strategy. Overseas media have shouted that "the world's factories have encountered rivals" -while Chinese manufacturing is facing a extreme survival state of pressure internal and external pressure.
However, it is amazing that, in addition to the decline in China's exports to the United States in 2018, which had just begun to form a trade war with China, continued to rise in the next few years. Especially in the three years of the epidemic, "the world is printing banknotes, only China is producing" in the world. China has repeatedly reached a record high in the U.S. frequent accounts, and it has reached a record average of $ 350 billion in a record each year. In the three years of the epidemic, in the case of adverse production while resisting the epidemic, Made in China still created nearly $ 20 trillion in regular account trade surplus. It has to say that this is a miracle. The manufacturing industry in China is like a "unable to die", not only has not been knocked down by various stormy waves at home and abroad, but instead continuously increased the trend, rises adversity, and moves forward against the wind. What are the reasons? Why is China's manufacturing industry so great? What are the unique passwords in China's manufacturing industry? What kind of fate will China's manufacturing industry in the post -industrial era, will there also be a "rust zone" caused by the United States as due to the relocation of the industrial chain?
The author believes that the unique advantage of China's manufacturing industry is mainly the institutional advantage. In addition to the unique economic system, at the micro level, it is mainly a unique Chinese manufacturing private enterprise full of toughness and extreme survivability (enterprise is also an organizational system). On the one hand, they have learned the advanced management technologies of Western companies in the reform and opening up. More important aspects are inherited and promoted China's excellent traditional culture: perseverance, hard work, clever, united, and indomitable ... in the once unfavorable domestic public opinion During the blow, when the world was chasing an attempt to find another replaceable "China +1", they reflected this unique spiritual characteristics to the fullest.
It can be said that Chinese private enterprises that are not dead or across, coupled with various supporting measures centered on economic construction, the breadth and depth of the national unified market with economic construction, constitute the most important unique unique in China Institutional advantages. This is also the most important senior meeting of the last two times -the April Politburo meeting and the May Central Finance Committee of the Politburo and the Central Finance and Economic Commission in May -one after another "insist on two unshakables" to build a modern industrial system, and emphasize that "care and cultivate outstanding enterprises Home ", put forward the fundamental reasons for the concepts of" creating world -class enterprises and advanced manufacturing industrial clusters ". High -levels have long realized that manufacturing private enterprises are the foundation of China's economic toughness.
From the aspects of macro and historical trends, we need to objectively and calmly understand the current stage of development and main contradictions. In the early days of industrialization, the lack of capital accumulation and shortage of capacity supply were the main contradictions. At present, China has become the largest manufacturing power, the second largest economy, and the most complete industrial category. The per capita income has reached the world average. It is no longer the role of the previous industrial society. It has grown into a strong competitor in contemporary developed mature countries. In this sense, it can be said that China has gone through the basic industrialization process, and it has now entered the post -industrial society. In China in the post -industrial era, excess capital and capacity structural structures are the main contradictions with the fierce competition with developed countries. How to find or create new demand, open up new markets, and establish a correct competition relationship with the old -fashioned industrial countries have become the theme and task of making new times in China in the new era.Today, these "private enterprises and veterans" have become industrial leaders in various fields, supply chain owners, and industry leaders. They are the "big trees" of the Chinese manufacturing industry ecosystem, which can be used as "multiplied" for many small and medium -sized enterprises. In the post -industrial era, in the historical torrent of the unreasonable change in centuries, what is urgent to think about is how Chinese manufacturing has to resist the fate of the hollow of the industrialization of the post -industrial era in the post -industrial era, and how to compete with the mature developed industrial countries? Before it has become a developed and mature modern consumer -oriented country, how can we continue to lead a new round of industrialization of digital, green, and high -end the main line? From the perspective of mature industrial countries such as the United States, Germany, and Japan who have traveled at this stage, large -scale leaders and transnational manufacturing private enterprises play a very critical role like the government's industrial policy leaders. On the one hand, these large private enterprises determine the position of the industrial chain. As long as they do not move, the industrial chain cannot be migrated. On the other hand, these large private enterprises have sufficient resource investment in the research and development of innovative technologies. Compared with the government's innovation funds, they are more familiar with the laws of market and industrialization, more professional, sensitive and efficient.
"Thousands of days of raising soldiers, using soldiers for a while." When Made in China facing unprecedented difficulties in chasing and blocking, these manufacturing private enterprises and veterans reflected the unique competitiveness and industrial ecological advantages of Chinese private enterprises, and continued to "do their own things" to deal with the global posture in a more open posture. Destruction and globalization trends. When Western companies are busy looking for "China +1" worldwide to gradually replace the position of the world's factory in China, China's large -scale manufacturing private enterprises quietly build a more open "China+" system. One of the typical models is: based on China's profound manufacturing, combining the most advanced digital technology to create the "Global Mother's Factory", opening up the era of transnational production, operation and technology, and concepts made by Chinese manufacturing. Brick countries and countries along the Belt and Road jointly build and share new industrial chains and supply chains.
"China+" means a more open and more modern industrial system, which means that it is made more flexible and tolerant of development concepts in China. Under the circumstances of the current global economic recession risk and more and more uncertainties in the international environment, large manufacturing private enterprises have increased their trend. According to the different resources endowments of various countries to create different industrial links, the "China+Mexico", "China+Hungary", "China+Belt and Road countries along the Belt and Road" have been formed. The supply chain system is once again incorporated into the global manufacturing system with a more open posture.
"The more closed the competitors, the more open we are; the more Chinese, the closer we will embrace the world." Chinese private enterprises, who are going to the world and experienced all kinds of storms at home and abroad, are becoming more and more mature, more confident, and wise. Facts have also proved that the implementation of the "China+" strategy of Western companies is not smooth. In India, more and more foreign -funded companies have found that the Indian government is inefficient, young people are unwilling to leave their hometowns, and the imperfect infrastructure such as logistics, and mature industrial workers' shortages are still serious. A assessment report of the International Monetary Fund in December last year stated that "the process of India's integration into the global value chain has stalled." It can be seen that it is not so easy to become a new world factory, and it is difficult to achieve it overnight, because it is a function of time, it is the result of relying on national capacity building infrastructure to combine the prosperity of the health of the fittest. Just like a dense forest, it takes a long time to evolve into a stable ecosystem.
The world is progressing, and Made in China is also evolving. The "China+" model of Chinese manufacturing private enterprises shows to the world that China's door is not closed, but instead of adhering to a higher level of opening to the outside world, and responding to the "siege and blocking" of Western countries with a more open and inclusive attitude. In the words of Confucius, it is not resentment or resentment with virtue, but to report to the "China+", which is not humble and insisted on doing their own things, and creating a "China+" that aims to promote the re -globalization. This is also the era of post -industrialization, the survival of Chinese private manufacturing enterprises under domestic and foreign changes and stormy waves.
Note: This article only represents the author's personal point of view
Editor of this article Xu Jin jin.xu@ftchinese.com 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099785 
The next popular bet on Wall Street is garbage processing (Free Version) 
Author: Ryan Dezember / Will Feuer
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-29T23:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T23:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-29T08:31:00.000Z
Description: The green operations of the U.S. government and the state governments are becoming waste into treasure, which has also boosted the US garbage treatment company.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000918565
Type: Article
The green operations of the U.S. government and the state governments are becoming waste into treasure, which has also boosted the US garbage treatment company.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%8D%8E%E5%B0%94%E8%A1%97%E4%B8%8B%E4%B8%80%E4%B8%AA%E7%83%AD%E9%97%A8%E6%8A%BC%E6%B3%A8%E6%98%AF%E5%9E%83%E5%9C%BE%E5%A4%84%E7%90%86%E6%9D%BF%E5%9D%97-3e2a76a3 
Blue -collar positions have strong demand, and more high school graduates in the United States have abandoned universities to enter the workplace (Free Version) 
Author: Harriet Torry
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-29T23:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T23:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-29T22:19:00.000Z
Description: Under the attraction of the bright prospects of the blue -collar work, more high school graduates are abandoning university education and entering the workplace. At present, the employment market is extremely strong in labor demand for education with less education.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
With the attraction of the bright prospects of the blue -collar work, more high school graduates in the United States are abandoning university education and entering the workplace. At present, the employment market is extremely strong in labor demand for education with less education.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%93%9D%E9%A2%86%E5%B2%97%E4%BD%8D%E9%9C%80%E6%B1%82%E5%BC%BA%E5%8A%B2-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E6%9B%B4%E5%A4%9A%E9%AB%98%E4%B8%AD%E6%AF%95%E4%B8%9A%E7%94%9F%E6%94%BE%E5%BC%83%E5%A4%A7%E5%AD%A6%E8%BF%9B%E5%85%A5%E8%81%8C%E5%9C%BA-9db22b46 
Nvidia head: AI opens "Free Version" 
Authors: ['埃莉诺•奥尔科特']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-29T23:26:38+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T19:25:99+08:00
Description: Huang Renxun said in his speech that everyone can now be programmed with AI help. He announced a new AI super computer platform that can help technology companies build a generative AI model.
Images: [" 000182668_pic... "]
Themes: ['半导体']
Keywords: ['半导体', '微软', 'GitHub', '软银', 'Meta', '人工智能']
Type: Article
 Nvidia(Nvidia)The CEO cheered "Everyone is a programmer". This global market -value semiconductor group launched a new super computer platform to continue to be in artificial intelligence(AI)The forefront of the revolution.
Huang Renxun(Jensen huang)When delivered a speech in Taiwan, a warning said that the traditional technology industry cannot keep up with the progress of artificial intelligence. He added that AI technology dramatically reduced the entry threshold for computer codes.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099797 
Heat G7 down the Green Shirts Championship and Denver Golden Block hegemony 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T-10:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T08:05:04+00:00
Description: (AFP, Boston, 29th) The US professional basket NBA Miami Fire Star Bartler is dressed in a key role today, led the team to win at the 7th Eastern Finals in the Eastern Finals of the Eastern Finals in Boston's home. The first playoff series is a team with a high reversal of the 0-3 despair.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Jimmy Butler paid 28 points, 7 rebounds, 6 assists, and teammate Calebmartin 26 points and 10 rebounds. The Heat will play the championship series of 7 games and 4 wins in the morning of June 2, Taiwan time.
The Heat defeated 3 consecutive games in the Eastern Finals series, especially the 6th game of the 6th game, which made the Green Shirt Army a great reversal miracle in the history of NBA.
But Seltik star Jaysontatum with injury and the starting feel of the team's starting feel, so that the Heat has advantages today, and does not allow the Green Shirts to create the first playoffs in the history of 0 to 3. Big reversed team.
After the game, we said, "We are up and down to discuss how to fight this tough battle, and it has indeed done it. But we can't satisfy it. Now we are ecstatic, but there are still battles to fight later."
Butler returned the goal at a critical moment and blocked the opponent's counterattack to his teammates. "They give me confidence to keep me high -end. I can come here to rely on them today. I know that we are a great team. , Also make the dreams come true. "
The Heat Erik Spoelstra said he never doubted that his children could kill the siege in the 7th.
He said: "Sometimes the goal you want will encounter difficulties, but this team has shown that even if the low tide and adversity are inevitable, they still have perseverance and will not be indomitable. It is this team spirit that allows the team to move forward."
The previous king of the Heat was in 2013, and now seek the fourth championship of the team history; although they also broke into the championship in 2020, they eventually lost to the Los Angeles Lakers. The Heat also played in the seventh game in the Eastern Finals in the Eastern Finals last season, defeated at the time.
The Denver gold block, which competes with the Heat, has reached the championship for the first time in the history of the team. They swept the Lakers in the Western Finals and were in full swing.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230530-%E7%83%AD%E7%81%ABg7%E6%89%B3%E5%80%92%E7%BB%BF%E8%A1%AB%E5%86%9B-%E6%80%BB%E5%86%A0%E5%86%9B%E6%88%98%E4%B8%8E%E4%B8%B9%E4%BD%9B%E9%87%91%E5%9D%97%E4%BA%89%E9%9C%B8 
日股走势不一 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T-14:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T07:50:01+00:00
Description: （法新社东京30日电） 前一天美国股市适逢阵亡将士纪念日休市一天，随着市场投资人寻找交易新线索，日本东京股市今天走势不一，日经225指数自稍早的获利了结卖压中反弹，终场收高。
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Japanese stock 225 index closed up 94.62 points or 0.30%to 31328.16 points; the Dongzhi stock price index fell 1.43 points or 0.07%to close at 2159.22 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230530-%E6%97%A5%E8%82%A1%E8%B5%B0%E5%8A%BF%E4%B8%8D%E4%B8%80 
WHO's drafting treaty to respond to the popular opposition to batch the reversing 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T-18:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T07:20:01+00:00
Description: (France-France-France-France, Geneva, 29th) On the occasion of formulating a draft of the draft a big epidemic treaty, the observers warned today to ensure that they can obtain medical supplies fairly in the future to respond to the threats such as COVID-19 (2019 coronary virus disease). Power is getting smaller.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The impact of this epidemic, 194 member states of the World Health Organization (WHO) are negotiating on an international treaty in order to ensure that countries have better capabilities to respond to the next disaster and even completely avoid disasters.
This operation is still in the early stage, and the ultimate goal is to reach an agreement by May 2024.
However, critics warned that the amendments to preliminary negotiated texts weakened the effectiveness of the treaty, especially to avoid the inequality of obtaining medical supplies such as vaccines during the COVID epidemic.
Suerie Moon, Director of the Global Health Research Center of Geneva, Switzerland, told AFP that "I think this is driving a reverse."
She warned that if poor countries can't see the substantive text and ensure that they can get better protection when they are coming next time, there may be countries withdrawn from negotiations.
Observer said that the next round of negotiations led by the intergover group (INB), which is led by the intergovernmental negotiation group (INB), will be considered more streamlined in mid -June, but some of the focus has become weak.
Public interest groups said that text cancellation of private industries wants to take public funds to subsidize research and development. The prerequisite is that the product pricing is more transparent, especially the problem.
The revised draft text urges countries to "comply with national laws and regulations" and strive to promote knowledge sharing and transparency.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-who%E6%8B%9F%E8%B5%B7%E8%8D%89%E6%9D%A1%E7%BA%A6%E5%9B%A0%E5%BA%94%E5%A4%A7%E6%B5%81%E8%A1%8C-%E5%8F%8D%E5%AF%B9%E8%80%85%E6%89%B9%E5%BC%80%E5%80%92%E8%BD%A6 
U.S. -Mexico border heroin is mixed with fentanyl drugs to become a major hidden concern 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T-2:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T11:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Mexican Maccali City, 30th) Elena Rulas is a named Heroin addict. It has been used for 20 years, but now her heroin is likely to be mixed with a fatal Finaster. Ni. The authorities pointed out that the city of Maccali was killed every day.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that at MEXICALI, which is adjacent to the US border, a drug safety center used a fast detection reagent to confirm that this synthetic opium drug was in the existence of this synthetic opium, which was completely surprising. The effectiveness of these drugs is 50 times that of heroin.
Saidslim, who works in the non -profit organization Verter, said that since 2019, "in the test of heroin, all the Fentanyl has been tested without exception." The organization created a safe medicine place in 2018 to protect the disadvantaged addicts.
Verter's record last year showed that over the past year, the drug addict has doubled.
Maccali, located south of California, has a population of about 1 million. The city is suffering from the crisis of synthetic opium drugs such as fentanyl; hundreds of people in the United States daily due to excessive drugs.
In fact, Fentney has become one of the primary issues that affect US -Mexico's diplomatic relations.
Washington authorities have accused the Mexico drug trafficking group in controlling major fentanyl production and transnational trafficking; Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopezobrador denied that Feni was produced in the country and said that it was transported to the United States. It was imported from China, and was also made into a pills by drug trafficking group for easy smuggling.
La'las, who is 50 years old, was almost killed for excessive medication a year ago, but the Heroin dosage she injected did not exceed the usual dosage. She said, "My amount is the same as before, but it is mixed with fenni, and the effect is too strong for me."
At that time, Laelas was lucky enough to be treated with "Naloxone", which was a drug that could reverse overdose of opium, but Nalone was a regulatory drug in Mexico.
Julio Bunrostro, who works in the Humanitarian Organization Red Cross (Red Cross), said the tissue had an overdue of about 25%in the emergency treatment of the tissue.
He pointed out that thanks to Naroneone, "we successfully saved a lot of lives."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E7%BE%8E%E5%A2%A8%E8%BE%B9%E5%A2%83%E6%B5%B7%E6%B4%9B%E5%9B%A0%E9%81%AD%E6%B7%B7%E6%8E%BA%E8%8A%AC%E5%A4%AA%E5%B0%BC-%E8%8D%AF%E7%89%A9%E8%BF%87%E9%87%8F%E6%88%90%E4%B8%BA%E9%87%8D%E5%A4%A7%E9%9A%90%E5%BF%A7 
Moscow encountered drone attack mayor: damaged the building of the building unmanned casualties 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T-21:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:35:03+00:00
Description: (AFP, Moscow, 30th) The Russian capital of Moscow, Sergei Sobyanin, said that Moscow became a rare drone attack target this morning. Surgery.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 "Today's Dawn's drone attacks today have slightly damaged several buildings. All emergency service personnel in the city have rushed to the scene. No one is seriously injured at present."
Moscow and Ukraine are more than 1,000 kilometers apart. Since the Kaland War has started, Moscow has rarely become the target of drone attacks, even if such attacks have become increasingly frequent in other parts of Russia.
From the images of uploading community media, you can see the smoke lingering the sky; other photos show that the window is broken.
Earlier this month, two drones were shot down above the Kremlin. Russia claimed that the attack was done in Ukraine.
Kiev, the capital of Ukraine, also encountered similar attacks earlier. Vitali Klitschko, Mayor of Kiev, said that Russia's drone attacking Kiev all night has killed at least one person.
The Russian army launched multiple missiles against Kiev yesterday, and launched a rare day attack on Kiev after the night attack, forcing the panic residents to hurry to cover.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E8%8E%AB%E6%96%AF%E7%A7%91%E9%81%AD%E9%81%87%E6%97%A0%E4%BA%BA%E6%9C%BA%E8%A2%AD%E5%87%BB-%E5%B8%82%E9%95%BF-%E5%BB%BA%E7%AD%91%E5%8F%97%E6%8D%9F%E6%97%A0%E4%BA%BA%E4%BC%A4%E4%BA%A1 
The Heat defeats Seltik to win the championship opportunity to win the East Finals MVP 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T-25:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:20:06+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Boston, 29th) The NBA NBA Heat defeated Seltike in the US professional basketball team to win the championship. Batler, who led the team all the way, was selected as the Eastern Championship MVP.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 "Old Eighth" Miami Heat in the Eastern Championship in the Random League record 2nd in Boston Seltik, Jimmybutler played an average of 39.7 minutes in the series, paying 24.7 points, 7.6 rebounds, 6.1 assists, and assisted. 2.6 Instead of all -round performance and led the team to the championship, so they were selected as the most valuable player (MVP) in the Eastern Championship.
In the first game of the East District Championship, the Heat scored 35 points in Batler and scored 27 points in the second game. 16 points, led the team to win 3 consecutive victories to listen to the card quickly.
Seeing that the tickets for the championship are about to get, the Heat was equalized by Seltik 3 games in a row, and almost became the "sacrifice" of the Green Shirt Army to create history. Batler won 29 points and 14 points respectively. , 24 points, still the weapon that heaks the opponent to compete with the opponent.
Today's death battle, Batler includes 3 of 7 shots in 7 shots, 12 goals in 28 times, hit the game with a maximum of 28 points, and 7 rebounds, 6 assists, and 3 interceptions. Take the number one hero for the key victory.
After the game, we said, "We are up and down to discuss how to fight this tough battle, and it has indeed done it. But we can't satisfy it. Now we are ecstatic, but there are still battles to fight later."
Butler returned the goal at a critical moment and blocked the opponent's counterattack to his teammates. "They give me confidence to keep me high -end. I can come here to rely on them today. I know that we are a great team. , Also make the dreams come true. "
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230530-%E7%83%AD%E7%81%AB%E5%87%BB%E8%B4%A5%E5%A1%9E%E5%B0%94%E8%92%82%E5%85%8B%E8%8E%B7%E4%BA%89%E5%86%A0%E6%9C%BA%E4%BC%9A-%E5%B7%B4%E7%89%B9%E5%8B%92%E5%A4%BA%E4%B8%9C%E5%8C%BA%E5%86%B3%E8%B5%9Bmvp 
Butler bombarded 28 points and advanced to the championship. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T-27:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:05:03+00:00
Description: (AFP, Boston, 29th) Batler scored 28 points in the seventh game of the Eastern Championship today. He led the Miami Heat 103 to 84 to win the Championship in the Championship and continued their "Old Eighth Legend". Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 After the Heat won, it became the second "Old Eighth Team" in history after Nicnic in New York in 1999; but if Seltik was launched today, it will be the first ability in the history of the NBA season match. In the series, 0 to 3 backward desperate teams.
After the start of the game today, the Heat played a 7-0 offensive before the 8-11 behind, plus the Seltik's single -quarter out of the three -pointer, and the overall shooting rate was only 23.31. Let the Heat lead 22 to 15 lead.
After the heat, the hot air started 5-0, leading a two -digit number with 27 to 15, and then laid the layup at Duncanrobinson, and expanded to 17 points first. In the first half, the Heat scored 6 three -pointers at a rate of 50 %, and scored 14 points and 11 points with Caleb Martin and Jimmybutler. The number is advanced to the second half.
After the start of the second half, when the Heat was 16 points ahead, Delrickwhite of Seldik first made two free throws, then cut into three -pointer, and then completed the "3 -point hit" again. Individuals scored 8 points to help the ball. The team narrowed the trend to 8 points, but the thermal heating in the first three quarters still led 76-66.
At the beginning of the last quarter, Jayson Tatum made a layup and put the gun. After Robinson's layup and Butler's goal, the Heat completed a 20-7 offensive and led 96-73 to the most 23 points in this game. In the absence of Seltik's unable to catch up, the Heat finally won with a 19 -point gap.
The Heat won today, eliminated Celtic 4-3, won the Eastern Championship and Tickets for the Champions League. Next, the championship championship will be played on June 2nd in Taiwan time to compete with Denver's gold block.
The Heat's Batler scored 28 points in the audience, with 7 rebounds, 6 assists, and 3 interceptions. He was selected as the most valuable player (MVP) in the East Championship after the game. Martin contributed 26 and 10 rebounds. Bamadebayo had 12 points and 10 rebounds with double ten performances, Gabe Vincent and alternative Robinson each scored 10 points.
Celtic Brown and White scored 19 points, 18 points, and Tartam's 14 points and 11 rebounds.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230530-%E5%B7%B4%E7%89%B9%E5%8B%92%E8%BD%B028%E5%88%86-%E7%83%AD%E7%81%AB%E6%8C%BA%E8%BF%9B%E6%80%BB%E5%86%A0%E5%86%9B%E8%B5%9B%E5%BB%B6%E7%BB%AD%E8%80%81%E5%85%AB%E4%BC%A0%E5%A5%87 
North Korea plans to launch military spy satellites in June, Japanese alert 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T-29:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:20:04+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Seoul, 30th) North Korea Central Communications (KCNA) reported today that North Korea will launch the first military spy satellite in June to monitor US military operations in real time. The United States and Japan warned that the use of ballistic missile technology launch will violate the resolutions of the United Nations Security Council.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to a statement published by the North Korean Central Communications Agency, Ri Pyongchol, deputy chairman of the Central Military Commission of the Workers 'Party of the Workers' Party, condemned the United States and South Korea for joint military exercises to show their "unscrupulous aggression ambitions."
Over the past few months, the United States and South Korean forces have continuously conducted various training exercises, including the combined real -acting military exercise last week; the United States and South Korea said that this is the largest exercise of the two countries.
Li Bingzhe said that the exercise enables Pyongyang to have "a means to collect information on enemy military operations in real time."
When Li Bingzhe mentioned the "reckless" behavior of Washington and Seoul, North Korea believes that "it is necessary to expand the means of reconnaissance and collect information and improve various defense and offensive weapons."
In his statement, he said: "We will comprehensively consider the current and future threats, and we will launch more in -depth activities of comprehensive and practical warfare."
The statement said that this satellite and "various reconnaissance tools scheduled for testing were tracking, monitoring ... and in advance in the dangerous military operations of the United States and its vassal troops in advance."
North Korea Central Communications reported that Li Bingzhe also accused the United States "engaged in hostile aerospace activities on the Korean Peninsula and nearby regions."
North Korea said that the first military spy satellite has been completed, and leader Kim Jong -un has approved the final preparations for launch.
The statement did not have a specific explanation date, but North Korea has notified that Japan plans to launch satellites from May 31st to June 11th, prompting the Japanese side to raise the ballistic missile defense system to alert state. Japan said it will shot down any threatening territory.
Ri Xiangshi Tianwenxiong's office posted in Twitter that Kishida had instructed officials to collect information on relevant North Korean plans.
Kishida said that even if North Korea described a satellite, the use of ballistic missile technology was still violating the UN Security Council resolution and threatened people's security.
A U.S. State Department spokesman also said that North Korea's use of ballistic missile technology to perform any launch tasks, including sending satellites into the track, will violate multiple UN resolutions.
In 2012 and 2016, Pyongyang fired the ballistic missiles in the name of satellite. These two launch missiles have crossed the Okinawa region in southern Japan.
This launch will be the latest step in North Korea's series of missiles and weapon tests; North Korea also tried to shoot a "new" intercontinental ballistic missile with advanced solid fuel last month.
Analysts said that this satellite will improve North Korea's monitoring capabilities. When war occurs, it will be able to strike the target more accurately. (Translator: Liu Wenyu/Calculating Draft: Zeng Yixuan)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E5%8C%97%E9%9F%A9%E6%8B%9F6%E6%9C%88%E5%8F%91%E5%B0%84%E5%86%9B%E4%BA%8B%E9%97%B4%E8%B0%8D%E5%8D%AB%E6%98%9F-%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%AC%E6%88%92%E5%A4%87 
塞尔蒂克不敌热火 成不了0比3落后翻盘首队 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T-31:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:20:05+00:00
Description: （法新社波士顿29日电） 美国职篮NBA季后赛史上，在系列赛0比3落后的一队从来不曾成功翻盘，波士顿塞尔蒂克今天输掉东区冠军赛的「抢七大战」，无法成为缔造历史的首队。
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Seltik was behind the way today, and finally lost 84 to 103. It was eliminated by Miami Heat 3-4. The NBA season history still could not see the miracle of 0-3 reversal.
Before this year's partition championship, 149 teams in the history of the NBA playoffs were 0 to 3 in the series, and they all lost.
After the Los Angeles Lakers swallowed 3 consecutive defeats, they could not get rid of the curse after swallowing. They were eventually swept by Denver's Golden Bag 4-0. It was the 150th situation in history that missed the war situation.
The regular game record is 57 wins and 25 defeats. In the League ranked 2nd in the league, the "Old Eight" Heat in the Eastern Championship was unexpectedly fell into a hard battle, including the first two games in the home game. They swallowed 3 defeats. Falling into a desperate situation.
In the fourth and fifth games of the series, Celtic carried the pressure of winning, turning the tide to win two wins.
The 6th War Green Shirts also faced a battle of backwater. Although they were leading the way, the three penalties of Jimmy Butler 3 seconds before the end of the game were on the verge of elimination. The teammates did not enter the ball, led the team to win 104 to 103, and forced the seventh game of the series.
In the stormy waves, he won the victory and let the outside world ignite a hint of hope. Want to see if Seltik can perform a miracle and become the first team to complete the victory of the victory from 0 to 3, but it still fails.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230530-%E5%A1%9E%E5%B0%94%E8%92%82%E5%85%8B%E4%B8%8D%E6%95%8C%E7%83%AD%E7%81%AB-%E6%88%90%E4%B8%8D%E4%BA%860%E6%AF%943%E8%90%BD%E5%90%8E%E7%BF%BB%E7%9B%98%E9%A6%96%E9%98%9F 
Moscow was rarely attacked by drones: 2 people were injured without death 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T0:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T11:35:03+00:00
Description: (Moscow, Moscow, 30th) The Russian Ministry of Defense today accused Ukraine alleged to launch a "terrorist attack", and said that the eight locked Ukraine drones that locked the capital Moscow launched an attack have been intercepted. Moscow Mayor Sobiyanin said two were injured, one of which was hospitalized and no one died.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 
最近几周以来，俄罗斯内陆遭无人机攻击的事件渐增，本月稍早曾发生无人机攻击俄国石油管线设施的事件，甚至连克林姆林宫本月稍早也曾成为攻击目标，莫斯科当局称这些事件是乌克兰所为。
莫斯科市长索比亚宁(SergeiSobyanin)表示，今天清晨的无人机攻击共造成2人受伤，其中1人住院治疗。莫斯科机场仍照常开放。事发过后并未接获死亡通报。
莫斯科西南部的居民表示，他们在格林威治标准时间2时至3时左右听到几声巨响，接着闻到汽油味。部分居民拍到一架无人机被击落，莫斯科的地平线升起一缕烟雾。
乌克兰方面并未立即针对这起攻击事件做出回应。基辅当局先前曾否认本月稍早的克林姆林宫攻击事件与他们有关。然而「纽约时报」报导指出，美国情报部门认为克宫攻击事件就是乌克兰所为。
目前还不清楚俄国总统蒲亭(Vladimir Putin)会如何因应这此次莫斯科遭遇攻击，这起事件也将俄乌战争带进拥有全球最多核武的俄国的首都。
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E8%8E%AB%E6%96%AF%E7%A7%91%E7%BD%95%E8%A7%81%E9%81%AD%E6%97%A0%E4%BA%BA%E6%9C%BA%E6%94%BB%E5%87%BB-%E5%B8%82%E9%95%BF-2%E4%BA%BA%E5%8F%97%E4%BC%A4%E6%97%A0%E6%AD%BB%E4%BA%A1 
監測美國 朝鮮證實6月發射軍事偵察衛星 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T00:34:00Z
Description: 朝鮮官媒週二報導，該國將於6月發射軍事偵察衛星，以「監測美國及其合作夥伴的軍事動向」。此前，日本已表示朝鮮所謂的「衛星」發射將包含彈道導彈發射，若有任何飛行物威脅日本領土，就會將之擊落。
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['韩国', '岛屿主权争端', '日本', '朝鲜', '金正恩']
Keywords: ['朝鲜', '韩国', '日本', '间谍卫星', '弹道导弹', '朝鲜半岛']
Id: 65761319
Japan and the United States said that North Korea may use ballistic missile technology to launch. The picture shows a photo of intercontinental ballistic missiles released by North Korea in mid -May, North Korea.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) North Korea ’s official media (KCNA) on Tuesday (May 30) quoted a senior national defense official that North Korea will launch a military reconnaissance satellite in June.
Ri Pyongchol, vice chairman of the Central Military Commission of the North Korean Workers' Party, issued a statement through the North Korean Society, condemning the United States and South Korea's joint military exercises to show that the two countries "disregarded their ambitions." He pointed out that these exercises forced Pyongyang to have "the ability to collect information on enemy military behavior in real time."
In his statement, he said: "We will comprehensively consider the current and future threats, and will strengthen all the activities of all inclusive and practical warfare, and put it into practice more thoroughly."
When referring to the "recklessness" behavior of Washington and Seoul, Li Bingzhe said that North Korea felt that "it is necessary to expand reconnaissance and love search methods and improve various defensive and offensive weapons." Penins and its nearby regions carry out hostile aerial spy activities. "
Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishida and the US State Department stated that even if North Korea claims to launch "satellites", the use of ballistic missile technology for launch is still a violation of many resolutions of the UN Security Council, which will threaten the safety of the people.
When a Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning responded to the question at a regular press conference on the 29th, she said that "the situation of the situation in the Korean Peninsula has developed to today." I hope that all parties are looking at the crux of problems, adhere to the direction of political solution, and through meaningful dialogue through meaningful dialogue Balanced reasonable concern.
North Korean official media released a video on May 16, showing that North Korean leader Kim Jong -un's father and daughter were watching the "Mars 18" solid -state fuel ballistic missile test firing.
Japan: Threat territory Shoot down 
The Japanese Ministry of Defense set the ballistic missile defense system as alert on Monday (May 29), and warned that if any flying object threatens Japanese territory, it will shoot down. South Korea held a national security conference urgently and warned that if North Korea insisted on launch, it would pay the corresponding price.
Reuters pointed out that this is the first time that the Japanese Ministry of Defense has responded to North Korea's space launching operations since 2016. A spokesman for a defensive province said that Japan expects that this time, like 2016, the Rockets carrying satellites in North Korea will fly over the Southwest Island chain in Japan.
Earlier, the Japanese Broadcasting Association (NHK) and other Japanese media first pointed out that North Korea informed the Japan Maritime Security Agency that he would launch satellites between May 31 and June 11. The Reuters and Associated Press subsequently reported that Japan had confirmed the matter and said that the scope of influence included the waters in the waters of the Yellow Sea, the East China Sea, and the eastern part of Luzon Island, Philippines; the Japanese government had warned nearby ships.
Matsuno Kazaki Matsuna Kazakhstan, the official room of the Japanese cabinet, said at a press conference: "The government realized that the satellite may cross our territory."
According to the Japanese Prime Minister's Office, although North Korea is called "satellite", it is likely to include ballistic missiles during the launch. The Associated Press pointed out that launching satellites to space will use long -range missile technology banned by the United Nations Security Council. Matsno Kodi said that North Korea's move will violate UN resolutions and pose a threat to peace and security in Japan and regions.
The Japanese Prime Minister Kishida has ordered relevant units to collect and analyze information, and at the same time cooperate with the United States and South Korea, and strongly urge North Korea to keep restraint and not fire missiles.
The picture shows the Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Wenxiong attended the Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) summit on May 20.
What are the plans to do? 
In April, North Korean official media said that the country's first reconnaissance satellite is ready , Leader Kim Jong -un went to inspection in mid -May and approved the next launch plan. Analysts say that this satellite is a part of the North Korean monitoring plan, which also contains drone technology, which is to improve its ability to strike the target when the war starts one day.
In response to North Korea's satellite launch, Japan has already begun to prepare. In April of this year, Japan sent a destroyer to the East China Sea with a standard 3-air defense missile (Standard Missile-3, SM-3), and the missile has the ability to hit the target of space; The deployment of the Patriot 3 air defense missile (PAC-3) in Okinawa can strike the goal closer to the ground.
Last week, South Korea launched the first commercial satellite to space, which may help South Korea to launch its first military satellite on track and create more powerful missiles. The Associated Press said that some experts believe that Kim Jong -un will hope to make the reconnaissance satellite go to space earlier than South Korea.
North Korea launched the satellite orbit on the Earth in 2012 and 2016; although the country showed the ability to launch satellites, the actual function of its satellites caused the outside world to question because the previous satellites failed to transmit images to come back; from the recent official media, the recent media media recently; recently, official media have recently been returned; Judging from the published images, its equipment also looks too small and rough, and may not support high -resolution satellite images.
In recent months, North Korea has frequently Test weapons And test missile, which contains new -type solid -state fuel intercontinental ballistic missile Essence Last week, after South Korea and the United States held a joint real -acting military exercise near the North Korean border, the Korean official media warned that the "Agreement of the War" of South Korea and the United States would face the consequences: "They do it under the eyelids of the (North Korea) army, For this kind of reckless behavior and dangerous war game, we want to ask them if they can cope with the consequences of this. "
North Korean official media released a video on May 17, showing that North Korean leader Kim Jong -un inspected the country's first reconnaissance satellite.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/監測美國-朝鮮證實6月發射軍事偵察衛星/a-65761319?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
What diseases are the screening at the age of 30, 40, and 50? (Free version) 
Author: Sumathi Reddy
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T00:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T00:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-29T23:24:00.000Z
Description: It is difficult for people to figure out when to screen various diseases and health problems from when to start. In this regard, this article provides a guide with ten years.
Images: []
Categories: ['派', '生活']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000894628
Type: Article
It is difficult for people to figure out when to screen various health problems such as cancer and cholesterol -especially considering that in recent years, the guidance of some important testing has changed.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/30-40-50%E5%B2%81%E6%97%B6-%E8%AF%A5%E7%AD%9B%E6%9F%A5%E5%93%AA%E4%BA%9B%E7%96%BE%E7%97%85-5acabbec 
The mystery of Van Gogh's paintings with unknown Fan Gogh: What role did Xiao Jianhua play? 
Creator: 傅才德,ISABELLE QIAN,MUYI XIAO,王月眉
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-05-30T01:15:15+08:00
Description: Wang Zhongjun of Huayi claimed to have filmed Van Gogh's painting "Daisy and Poppy Flowers" for 377 million yuan, but the investigation found that the transaction was now involved in the hand of the hand of the crowd. Illustration by the New York Times. Fine Art Images/Heritage Images, VIA Getty Images; Imagno, VIA Getty Images.
Images: [" van-gogh-prom... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 The starting price of the 17th auction is $ 23 million.
In the squeezed Manhattan Sotheby's auction house, the offer rose rapidly: $ 32 million, $ 42 million, and $ 48 million. Later, a potential new buyer who called from China to the auction turned the bidding into a contest of two people.
In November 2014, the "Impressionist and Modern Art" evening auction later became the most successful auction in history as of the history. A particularly noticeable painting at the auction was the static painting "Daisy and Poppy Flowers" completed by Vincent Van Gogh a few weeks ago.
The people who called from China to the shots will be raised to nearly 62 million US dollars (RMB 377 million). His bid is the highest price in the history of Van Gogh's static figures.
In the cautious high -end art world, buyers usually maintain anonymous. However, the famous film producers who won in that auction announced in the later interviews that he was the new owner of the painting.
The producer Wang Zhongjun was in the head of Hongyun at the time. His company has just helped send the "World War II" theme "Furitors" starring Brad Pitt into the Chinese cinema. He dreamed that he made his business as the Chinese version of Walt Disney.
According to Chinese media reports, the transaction " sensation "The whole country. It was another sign of China as the main force of the global art market. A China Real Estate Tycoon I took a Picasso painting a year ago.
"How could I want to buy Van Gogh ten years ago?" Wang Zhongjun was accepted by Sotheby's auction house Chinese interview Saying. "After buying Van Gogh's works, I like it so much."
But Wang Zhongjun may not be the real owner of the painting at all. The other two men are related to the transaction: one is the unknown Shanghai middleman who has paid Sotheby's bills through one Caribbean shell company, and the other is the hundreds of millions of people who live in Hong Kong where this middleman work. Rich.

2014年，时任苏富比亚洲区负责人的程寿康出现在香港的一个仪式上，将梵高的画作交给声称买下它的电影制片人王中军。 JohannesEisele/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
那名亿万富翁叫肖建华，他曾是中国镀金时代最有影响力的大亨之一，他利用与中共精英和一个新超级富豪阶层的关系，在几十年的时间里打造了一个金融帝国。《纽约时报》获得的公司文件显示，肖建华还曾控制着一个由130多家公司组成、总资产超过50亿美元的隐秘离岸公司网络。苏富比结清梵高画作拍卖费的账单就是开给其中一家公司的。
在那笔交易之后的几年里，随着当局试图打击犯罪活动，盛行于艺术市场和艺术品交易商(包括像苏富比这样的国际拍卖行)当中秘而不宣的做法受到密切关注。艺术市场的天价交易常常通过不透明的中介进行，而对这些中介的审查也缺乏透明。苏富比以为客户保密为由，拒绝对那笔交易置评。
广告
如今，肖建华已跌入深渊。他从居住的豪华公寓被人绑架，目前关押在中国大陆，法院判定他犯有贿赂罪，以及检察官称之为威胁国家金融安全的其他不当行为。与此同时，王中军也在惨淡经营，由于年年亏损，他的制片公司正在清算资产。
据几名艺术专家称，那幅静物画作已交人进行私下出售。在梵高采来鲜花、将它们放在陶瓶中作画后的一个世纪里，这幅画的出处曾很容易追溯，也曾经常在博物馆展出、供人观赏。现在这幅画已从公众视野中消失，下落不明。
一幅画的前世今生 

保罗-费迪南德·嘉舍医生在巴黎郊外欧韦的家，1890年梵高在这里画了这幅静物画。 Stephane de Sakutin/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
1890年5月，梵高来到瓦兹河畔欧韦，这是位于巴黎郊外一个淳朴的村庄。由于极度抑郁，他曾在一年半前割掉了自己的大部分 左耳 Essence It didn't help him much for him for a while for a while.
During the hours after coming to the village, Van Gogh met Dr. Paul Ferdinand Gabsia.
"I found that Dr. Jiashe was like an old friend, a new brother," Van Gogh's letter to his sister wrote 。
广告
嘉舍医生鼓励梵高不理会自己的忧郁，集中精力作画。梵高在两个月内完成了近80幅油画，其中包括《嘉舍医生的肖像》，这件作品被视为杰作。梵高的传记作者们说，《雏菊与罂粟花》是在嘉舍医生家里画的，也许是作为治疗费交换给医生的。
After Van Gogh's paintings set a record price record for many years, in May 1990, a Japanese businessman spent $ 82.5 million to buy "Portrait of Dr. Jiashe" at the Christie's auction. price.
Doctor Jiashe encouraged Van Gogh to focus on art. The painter completed nearly 80 works within two months, including "Portrait of Doctor Jiashe", which is considered a masterpiece. Fine Art Images/Heritageimages, VIA Getty Images
At that time, in order to raise funds for another museum, Goodil wanted to sell this 26 -inch and 20 -inch static figure. It is expected that it can shoot prices between $ 12 million and $ 16 million, but this painting was not sold at the Christie's auction in November 1990. Soon after, a buyer who was unwilling to be named bought it at a lower bid.
More than 400 oil paintings created in the late Van Gogh are considered his best work, most of which are collected by art institutions around the world. About 15%are in private hands, and they are not scheduled to be exhibited by the museum. According to data from the industry database Artnet, in the past ten years, only 16 Van Gogh paintings have been auctioned, including "Orchards in the Boarding of Boarding Tree" collected by Microsoft co -founder Paul Allen. It was sold to an anonymous buyer.
producer and billionaire **
This static picture is in the Sotheby's auction house in Hong Kong, the shooting time is about one month after the auction in 2014. Fan Gogh was sold at the auction at the end of his life at the end of his life. BobbyiP/Reuters
In the year after filming in November 2014, Wang Zhongjun placed it in his mansion in Hong Kong and $ 25 million. In October 2015, the painting was in Hong Kong five days in public ，王中军是那次展览的主宾，他也是一名业余艺术家，那次展览还包括十几幅他本人的油画。
但展览会上最吸引人的是那幅梵高画作和王中军在那不久前买下的毕加索作品《盘发髻女子坐像》。 苏富比称，王中军为那件毕加索作品 花了 近3000万美元(约合人民币1.85亿元)。
广告
那之前，日本的实业家们，以及紧随其后的美国对冲基金经理和俄罗斯寡头曾以破纪录的竞拍价登上头条新闻。大约在2012年前后，受益于市场改革开放政策的中国新贵买家们出现在拍卖会上。
“所有的拍卖行都对中国卖家的到来迫不及待，”戴维·诺曼说，苏富比拍卖那幅梵高作品时，他是该行印象派及现代艺术部负责人。
中国的亿万富翁们往往乐意宣扬他们花大价钱买来的东西。2013 年，一名房地产巨头花2800万美元在佳士得 买下了 A Picasso painting, then spent $ 20 million in 2015 to buy a Monet painting at Sotheby's. In the same year, a stock investor spent $ 170 million to buy a painting of Modeliani in Christie's.
In 2013, billionaire Xiao Jianhua. Last year, he was sentenced to prison for bribery and mixing funds. Next Magazine/Associated Press
"This is out of vanity, but also to invest and establish his own reputation," said Wu Kejia, who taught at the Sotheby's School of Art, said that he is a new book about the Chinese art market new book author.
Wang Zhongjun, 63, was immersed in the spotlight. He has repeatedly in Interview 谈到他对梵高的欣赏，以及梵高对自己的影响。“这种画全世界没有几个人买。买得起，还又这么酷爱印象派艺术(的人不多)，对吧？”
苏富比拍卖行的这笔交易落槌后没几天，王中军曾对一家 中国出版物 说，那幅画并不是他一个人购买的，但他没有提供任何细节。后来，他不再提及任何人和他一起参与了购买的事情。“就是在看预展的时候，我觉得想拥有，心一动而已，”他在 苏富比网站上发表的一篇采访 Speaking.
advertise
In recent years, governments of various countries have been trying to curb this high -profile purchase that has always been secretly purchased through intermediaries and the final funding sources of funds.A Sotheby's spokesman said that all buyers were reviewed, and when necessary, the company's compliance department would "enhance due diligence" to buyers. Sotheby's globally follows a 2020 EU regulations that require auction house to verify the legitimacy of buyers' funds.
Although the financial documents related to the trading of Van Gogh's paintings did not show improper behavior, the transaction was far from the conventional approach. Shortly after the auction was sold, Sotheby's transfer of the ownership of the painting was transferred to a Shanghai. He had neither the reputation of a artistic agent nor a collector, but he paid the fee. But at a public ceremony, Sotheby's did not give the painting to the Shanghai people or hired him the billionaire, but to the producer Wang Zhongjun.
Sotheby's invoice reads Liu Hailong. He is an ordinary person living in Shanghai. He bought this painting of Van Gogh for a price of 377 million yuan.
"This incident is related to a person who has been in prison," said Laila Amin Dorley, who was a lawyer in the art industry in New York. "There are some unusual things in it."
"White gloves" 
Liu Hailong lives in the apartment building in Shanghai. He is a person who pays nearly $ 62 million in the Van Gogh's works. The new york times
The owner of Van Gogh's painting in Sotheby's painting lives in an apartment building in Shanghai, with gray tiles and dirty mortar with a dilapidated door. A cushion in front of the door wrote in English and wrote the word "I am an artist" nine times in English.
The owner of this house, Liu Hailong, was listed as the only owner and director of an empty shell company in the British Virgin Islands.(Islandwide Holdings Limited)，这家公司为这幅画支付了费用。除了出生日期和地点，外界对46岁的刘海龙几乎一无所知。
最近，一名记者向他展示苏富比的发票和一份银行电汇文件，问签名是不是他本人的，他说：“你现在马上走。”然后关上了门。
和他住在一起的赵婷婷与被监禁的亿万富翁肖建华也存在联系。她曾经是肖建华参与创办的一家公司的高层，该公司与中国最高领导人习近平的亲属有业务往来。
Liu Hailong's two transactions to Sotheby's two electricity are used to pay Van Gogh's painting costs.
Zhao Tingting, 43, no longer holds this position and is now teaching piano. When asked about the Van Gogh's work purchased by Liu Hailong, she replied, "Do you think the price of the house in our house is enough?"
She said that she and Liu Hailong were "just ordinary employees" and had nothing to do with the group group controlled by billionaires. "We do not have any right to dominate and know the right to know."
The couple seems to be "white gloves". The word is used to describe acting shareholders in China, in order to hide the real owner of the company. In the records of the number of "Tomorrow Group" details, one electronic watch lists dozens of people. At least four offshore companies are registered in the name of Liu Hailong.
These companies are part of Xiao Jianhua's huge enterprise. He showed a good look very early. At the age of 14, he entered Peking University, a famous university in China. During the Tiananmen protest in 1989, he was the chairman of the Student Union. At that time, he stood on the side of the government. This loyalty later helped him become one of the richest people in China. He obtained the control of banks, insurance companies and brokerage companies, as well as shares of coal, cement and real estate companies.
Unlike many arrogant billionaires who do business in his business, Xiao Jianhua, 51, prefers to operate in the dark and has some princes in China establishment of relationships 。他在四季酒店过着平静的生活，有一群女保镖照顾他。
为什么他的一个手下要买下这幅梵高画作目前尚不得而知。制片人王中军也曾是中国顶级富豪之一，尽管其财富远不及肖建华。
肖建华通过他的海外网络很容易在境外获得资金，这使他可以绕过中国严格的货币管制；他可能为王中军充当了某种银行家的角色。文件显示，两人在拍卖的同一个月开始制定艺术品投资计划，但他们在塞舌尔的合资企业直到一年后才成立。与此同时，两人还成立了另一家海外公司，旨在投资北美的电影和电视项目。
关于这笔款项可能还有另一种解释：肖建华可能是想收购一项可以用私人飞机跨境运输的资产，从而避开银行合规官员和政府监管机构的审查。
一场绑架与一件 消失的艺术品 

2017年，肖建华在香港四季酒店公寓遭绑架后送往中国大陆受审。 Anthony Wallace/Agence France-Presse — GettyImages
2015年，随着中国股市崩盘，与梵高画作交易相关者的命运开始发生转变。习近平政府指责人脉广泛的交易商操纵市场，监管机构从亿万富翁手中夺回经济权力。数十名金融家失踪后，在警方的拘留所里重新露面。
艺术品的购买变得更加谨慎。2016年，奥普拉·温弗瑞以1.5亿美元的价格将克林姆特的一幅画 卖给了 An anonymous Chinese buyer.
By early 2017, Xiao Jianhua's life was over as a free man. One night, about six men put him on a wheelchair -everyone knows that he does not need a wheelchair -blindfolding his face and take him away from the apartment in Hong Kong. He was taken to mainland China and was eventually sued. Prosecutors claim that his crimes can be traced back to the year when the Van Gogh painting was sold before 2014.
In August last year, he was sentenced to 13 years in prison for manipulating the financial market and bribery government officials. The court said that Xiao Jianhua and his company used funds of 148.6 billion yuan without authorization.For a while, the producer Wang Zhongjun maintained a high -profile lifestyle. In 2017, a private art museum was opened in Beijing in 2017, showing the paintings of Van Gogh and Picasso for several months.
But his film company Huayi Brothers lost market value for the box office of the film. Wang Zhongjun gave up most of the art collection and his home in Hong Kong. Last year, he was sold in Beijing's art museum and a luxury mansion in Billy Villa.
Wang Zhongjun and his company spokesman did not respond to reporters' repeated review requests. The reporter could not contact Xiao Jianhua in prison to comment, but a family representative said that Xiao Jianhua's wife did not know how the Van Gogh's works were auctioned and were not familiar with Liu Hailong.
This hand, one of the most praised artists in the world, and the lifelike flower and still paintings have not appeared publicly for many years. However, there are reports that this work may return to the market again.
Three Sotheby's former executives and a New York art consultant request anonymous said that the painting had been proposed to be sold privately. Last year, the consultant saw a written proposal to acquire the work about $ 70 million.
These art experts do not know if the painting has been sold, nor does it know if anyone will worry about the 2014 auction. At that time, the painting was purchased by a billionaire who is now famous for sweeping the floor, and the rich man contacted a difficult film producer, the latter claims that the painting belongs to himself.
"No one needs a $ 62 million Van Gogh work, and no one is willing to spend money to buy a lawsuit," said the art lawyer Thomas Danziger. "If you have any questions about the ownership of this painting, people will buy other artworks -or another plane."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230530/van-gogh-china-buyer/ 
Compensation R & D activity positive market mechanism exploration (Free Version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-30T01:40:49+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T18:39:99+08:00
Description: Wang Lizhen: Amended the shortcomings of the existing government subsidy methods, trying to minimize the negative effects brought by the current government subsidy method. Then the government will realize the improvement of compensation for the external R & Dto.
Images: [" 000074707_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '政府补助', '准入机制', '市场失灵']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
As far as an economy is concerned, because R & D activities are positive, the research and development level of the economy will not reach the optimal R & D and output level of the entire society. To this end, people may actually think or assume that the government can solve such "market failures" problem. However, from the current data samples and their research documents, the assumption of "government can solve the market failure caused by positive and externality of R & D activities" is difficult to establish, and even the further generated "government failure" and its resources further produce further and its resources. mismatch. So why did the government solve this problem?
Before answering the above questions, let's first understand a basic economic concept: market failure. According to neo -classical economics, market failure refers to the distribution of free markets for products and services. In terms of vernacular, the existence of third -party factors in the free market intervention in transactions between consumers and producers, resulting in the price reached by both parties without real reaction to the value of goods or services. In this article, third -party factors are the positive and external nature of R & D activities. This externality has led to some consumers benefited from the R & D activities, but did not conduct economic compensation to producers providing the R & D activities, which led to the price of producers' R & D activities that could not truly reflect the real price of R & D activities. In the end, the producer's R & D activity income was less than the total research and development of society.
Some people think that the market fails, and the government should correct it, especially from Keynesist to hold this view. The school believes that instead of self -current, it is better to intervene. Because of intervention, at least it may correct or slow market failure. However, the argument was criticized by the Liberal School. Liberal school believes that the government cannot accurately know what time, where one screw "is installed in the most appropriate position. Even though the government knows that "there is a screw" is placed from a certain time at a certain time, it is impossible for the government to know that the proper time, correct position and economic man in the process of economic operation. Coupled with the information lag caused by information transmission, the government cannot understand the market as soon as possible as consumers and producers. If you cannot understand the market in a timely and accurate, and no information asymmetrical as consumers and producers, the government is likely to generate mistakes or mismatches of resources when intervening in the market. If the government forcibly interfere with the market at this time, it is like "the sludge's hands stretch into a bean pot with only a few sand." Originally, there were only a few sand in the basin. Out of good intentions, I tried to pick up those few sands, but the result was that those sands might not be picked up, but mixed with more sludge, which made the bean's edibleness lower. Essence
Therefore, the serious asymmetric and lagging of the government and the market are doomed to the government that is not a panacea, but also destined that the government's correction of market failure may eventually evolve into a "government failure" ending. What needs to be emphasized here is "possible".
For example, under the arrangement of the existing government subsidy policy, the government introduced the "encouraging industrial catalog" for the development of externality or some other policy purposes, and supplemented it with the corresponding government subsidy fund. However, this approach seems to compensate the difference between the optimal R & D and actual R & D and output brought about by R & D positive and external nature. In fact, it has weakened or even deprived enterprises of R & D freedom ordered by enterprises according to market demand. Freedom of the weak R & D or losing the freedom of R & D. Enterprises are either tired of research and development or catering just to obtain government subsidies, and have not really engaged in research and development. As we have seen, in order to cater to the government's subsidies, the enterprise is trying to make as much as possible, but "big" instead of "strong" (Wang Lizhen, 2022); at the same time, in the short term or long -term, government subsidies improve the economic performance of the enterprise to improve the economic performance of the enterprise. The impact is not significant, and the significant impact on the intensity of the enterprise's research and development is unsustainable (Nie Huihua et al., 2022). Therefore, losing market -oriented R & D Freedom Once weakened or deprived, the loss caused by government subsidies to enterprises may be greater than the loss caused by the positive and external nature.
We see that this situation may cause us to be extremely pessimistic and even suffocated. However, if we change to a kind of thinking, we can correct the shortcomings of the existing government subsidy methods, and use the amendment to try to minimize the negative effects brought by the current government subsidy method. Then, the government will realize the improvement of R & D -R & Dto. In fact, the government subsidizes is essentially paid the taxable enterprise tax payment taxes to the target enterprise again in the form of government transfer. If we understand this, it is easy for us to think that if the government directly exempts the taxes paid by the enterprise, wouldn't it be the same as the government subsidized enterprises. Yes, these two methods are essentially provided with subsidies to enterprises, but the process has a great difference in influence on the degree of freedom of the development of enterprises.
The former determines the subsidy and then determines the subsidy object. This has led the company to be free to deprive the topic selection from the beginning. The deprivation of the freedom of topics seems to be a matterless thing. However, the deprivation of the freedom of topics in fact is fatal for innovation activities. This is because companies will no longer arrange, organize and manage innovative activities in accordance with market demand. In this context, we can launch a simple logical reasoning result: the products of corporate innovation are not needed by the market. Such innovation is meaningless.
In addition, because a certain proportion of subsidies are determined, this also means that a considerable part of other companies cannot get subsidies. However, in terms of historical experience, disruptive innovation comes from those small companies that were inconspicuous at the beginning, especially private companies, such as SpaceX and ChatGPT. However, if we change the subsidy method, the original government has determined that the project and subsidy targets have been changed to the independent declaration of tax reduction or deductions, or even offset by the research and development enterprise. Those companies with willingness to develop and develop can also be subsidized by the government without being excluded. From this point of view, the pre -tax deduction or debt is the improvement of Pareto of the government.
Yes, people always hope that everything can reach the best. Free transactions without third -party intervention are the best status of resource allocation. However, the best state in reality always appears in the idea. The so -called "dream is full and realistic." Due to the external nature of R & D activities, R & D activities cannot reach the optimal Pareto, and people try to use government subsidies to compensate the difference between the positive and external nature of the R & D activities, but the effect is poor due to the direct subsidy. In the case of people's failure to reach the best, people choose to be second -best. By improving the subsidy method, the government's direct subsidy is transformed into a method of tax deduction for research and development. Although it has not reached a perfect free transaction state, compared to the original government direct subsidy enterprise, the current subsidy method has further moved to the positive and external market mechanism of compensation R & D activities.It is true that compared with the government's direct subsidy for the enterprise in the form of a project system, although the pre -tax deduction or credit can better compensate the positive and external nature of the enterprise, the tax discounts to the enterprise also challenged the government's financial balance. Of course, this is another topic, which is limited to space here and will not be repeated.
(The author is a doctor of economics from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. He is currently an associate professor of Shanghai Lixin Institute of Accounting Finance. This article only represents the author's point of view. The email address of the editor: tao.feng@ftchinese.com)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099795 
The Uighur students went to Hong Kong to lose my doubt. Yun Korean media pointed out that people are still in South Korea 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T01:41:00Z
Description: International Territory recently said that a Uyghur student has lost contact after arriving at the Hong Kong airport this month. After the Hong Kong government denied, the Yonhap News Agency quoted the news on Monday that the student was still in South Korea and did not go to Hong Kong. But as of now, the students have never appeared or spoken in person, and their whereabouts have become a mystery.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['维吾尔', '谷歌', '香港', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议', '新疆']
Keywords: ['新疆', '新疆人权', '维吾尔', '反修例', '香港', '国泰航空']
Id: 65760933

國際特赦組織指，有1名維族學生搭乘國泰航空抵達香港機場後失聯(示意圖)
(德國之聲中文網)1名維吾爾族學生遭指赴港後失聯，事件成羅生門。韓聯社週一(5月29日)報導，該生在韓國的指導教授表示，該維族學生人「目前安全地在韓國」。
國際特赦組織(AmnestyInternational)26日稱，本月10日，1名維吾爾族學生自韓國飛往香港後隨即失聯至今，恐在香港機場遭中國警方帶走、非法引渡至中國大陸拘留。
根據該組織發布的聲明，該維吾爾族學生名叫阿布都雷赫曼(AbuduwailiAbudureheman)，出生於新疆克拉瑪依市，過去7年在韓國首爾攻讀博士學位，因其海外經驗而被中國列入「觀察名單」。
 
Zhao Xuyuan told Yonhaps through the phone that he did not know why the International Amnesty Organization pointed out that Abu Dudu Lehman disappeared in Hong Kong and planned to contact the International Amnesty Organization to correct the facts.
The Associated Press reported on the 30th that the International amnesty organization stated that it was trying to independently confirm the whereabouts and security of the student. If more information was obtained, it would be further responded.
The Associated Press tried to contact the student directly, but the South Korean school refused to provide detailed contact information on the grounds of privacy. The school said that Professor Zhao Xuyuan had communicated with the students to confirm that others were in South Korea, but Professor Zhao Xuyuan did not respond to the Associated Press' telephone inquiry.
When the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning was asked about the incident on the 29th, he only replied: "I don't have the relevant situation."
The Hong Kong government has denied the saying that the student has lost contact in Hong Kong. Hong Kong's "Ming Pao" reported that the Hong Kong Government spokesman responded on the 27th. The government records show that the student has never entered or refused to enter Hong Kong. The International Amnesty Organization has arbitrarily attacked the Hong Kong government and slandered Hong Kong's human rights situation without investigation. There is no basis for no basis, "the heart of poison is easy to see." A spokesman for the Hong Kong Government condemned and asked the organization to apologize to it and false speech.
A statement issued by the International Youlian Organization last week said that the student lost contact after going to Hong Kong. It has taken Cathay Pacific's flight from Seoul and landed at Hong Kong at 11 pm on the 10th. Cathay Pacific did not respond to whether he had boarded the plane.
Abu Dudu Reheiman's colleagues told AFP on the 27th that the student lost contact at the Hong Kong Airport on the 10th, and his whereabouts are unknown to this day. In his final newsletter, he claimed to be investigated and questioned by the Chinese police. It might take some time, asking friends not to wait for him to leave together.
Agence France -Presse reported that the friend said that because Abu Du Leichman had a record of being "detained and questioning", he did not think much at the time, but the next day, the friend contacted Hong Kong in Hong Kong the next day. Entry -exit management departments still cannot get more information. Based on concerns about the safety of the life, friends choose a public incident.
The friend said that he had a doubt about Abu Du Leihman's trip, but Abu Du Lehman still insisted on visiting Hong Kong: "He missed the calculation, he didn't know how serious the consequences would be."
The Chinese government has been charged with human rights for a long time. The picture shows the Chinese flag rose in a mosque in Urumqi, Xinjiang in 2021 (data photo)
ALKAN Akad, a Chinese researcher, said that the student seemed to be detained and interrogated when he arrived in Hong Kong.
Nyrola Elima, an independent Uyghur researcher in Sweden, told the Associated Press that if the student flew from South Korea to Hong Kong, there would be a boarding record. Riking Uighurs](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/報告中國文化清洗維族文化遺產/a-64662117), But the fact that Dr. Uighur disappeared at the Hong Kong airport still exists. "
Tahirimin, a Uyghur scholar in Washington Special Administrative Region and the founder of the Uyghur Times, told the Associated Press that if the student did not enter Hong Kong, his friends should let his friends know his whereabouts in the past two weeks. He said: "The statement of the Hong Kong authorities is a blatant lie, trying to avoid international criticism, and cover up its possibility of pursuing the Communist Party of China in Global Test the Uyghur Global Conspiracy. "
Volkswagen President said that the Xinjiang plant has no forced labor and Victoria scholars: there is a problem with the statement 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/維族學生赴港失聯疑雲-韓媒指人仍在韓國/a-65760933?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
It is difficult for Beijing to refuse to warm up the bilateral relationship between China and the United States? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T01:48:00Z
Description: 《華爾街日報》29日報導，中國拒絕了美國提議雙方國防部長於新加坡會晤的請求，兩國間緊張局勢的緩解仍未見曙光。
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '香格里拉对话', '印太安全', '李尚福', '奥斯汀']
Id: 65766662
When China Defense Director Li Shangfu visited Moscow in April, he had a conversation with the Russian Defense Minister
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The annual "The Shangri-La Dialogue) will be held this weekend (June 2nd to 4th) in Singapore. , Lloyd Austin met in this forum](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中美防長6月有望會談雙方不同調/a-65584930)。美國《華爾街日報》週一(5月29日)報導，中國拒絕了美方的會晤請求，雙方關係回溫仍有困難。
美國國防部在給《華爾街日報》的一份聲明中表示，中方正式拒絕了美方5月初所提的邀請，並補充，該部門相信兩國軍方的開放溝通「可以確保競爭不會演變成衝突」。美國國防官員還表示，有鑒於此類會議往年都是在召開前數小時促成的， 中國此次的拒絕被視為一個是異常直白的訊號 。
US Defense Secretary Austin made a conversation on Ukraine issues in April
Before serving as the Minister of Defense of China, Li Shangfu was the Minister of Equipment Development of the Central Military Commission of the Communist Party of China. In 2018, he was sanctioned by the United States for assisting China imported Russian weapons. The British "Financial Times" reported earlier this month that the Bayeng government said that it was unintentionally canceled the sanctions. The United States believed that the sanctions did not hinder Austin and Li Shangfu meet in the third country, but some people believed that China almost could not agree to talks in this circumstances. Essence
Some U.S. officials warn that the United States Southeast Asian allies have always been open to the prospects of "Sino -US conflict can be reduced in Singapore", and China's rejection may cause concerns about these countries.
Neither the Chinese Embassy in Washington and the White House immediately responded to the Request of the Wall Street Journal.
U.S. Talks to eat closed doors? 
U.S. Assistant Secretary of Defense Elyratner, who is responsible for the Pacific Security Affairs of India, said at the event of the Washington Think Tank "Strategy and International Research Center" (CSIS) last week that the United States has proposed that US defense or other military leaders can be with China with China. Call, meet or dialogue, but "encountered a lot of difficulties."
Sino -US relations since the "[Review Balloon Incident] in February this year(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中國氣球能實時回傳信號美無法證實/a-65222124)」便持續緊張，奧斯汀及美國參謀長聯席會議主席米利(Mark Milley)曾多次請求與中國的對應官員通話，遭中方拒絕；美國國務卿布林肯(AnthonyBlinken)的訪中計畫，也被迫取消或推遲。拜登一再呼籲中美關係需要緩和，但遭中國政府批評「沒有誠意」。
本月稍早， 白宮國家安全顧問沙利文(Jake Sullivan)在維也納會見了中共中央外事辦主任王毅 ; US Secretary of Commerce Ginaraimondo) also met with Chinese Minister of Commerce Wang Wentao in Washington This is the first cabinet -level meeting held by China and the United States during the governance of Biden.

美國商務部長雷蒙多2021年在白宮就高速網路發表談話
這2次會晤本被外界視為中美摩擦緩和的徵兆，然而 中國外交部長秦剛5月初在北京會見美國駐北京大使伯恩斯 (Nicholasburn), on the issue of Taiwan, it was severely accusing the United States offending the "positive momentum of hardships in the United States and China relations."
In this regard, Zackcooper, a senior researcher at the American Think Tank American Institute of Enterprise Research (American Enterprise Institute), told the Wall Street Journal that China was unwilling to talk about Austin and Li Shangfu, but decided to meet with other senior US officials. This seems to be a strategic choice : "China believes that they are the most influential when they are responsible for economic issues. They therefore put these activities before Guoan -related activities."
("Wall Street Journal", "Financial Times", Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/北京拒絕中美防長會晤-雙邊關係難回溫？/a-65766662?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
From a business perspective 
Authors: ['锡达思•什里坎斯']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-30T01:48:16+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T21:46:99+08:00
Description: Shrikus: The efforts to fight the crisis of biological diversity still stay in the old protection model, but the climate strives to indicate a new road, that is, to tell related stories and start a virtuous circle of action.
Images: [" 000154736_pic... "]
Themes: ['气候变化']
Keywords: ['气候变化', '自然资源']
Type: Article
 _The author of this article is "The Case for Nature" _
Protecting nature is a wonderful thing, but climate technology is cool. From the latter's successful experience, it may be indispensable for strengthening the former: we need to transfer nature from the category of "good" to the core position of the modern economy.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099798 
The Sudan military and the fast support forces agree to extend the ceasefire period 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-05-30T02:00:18
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T02:00:18
Description: The conflict has caused extensive damage to the residential areas in Khatoo Moumoum and its neighboring city Endaman and northern Kagole.
Images: [" 1-1685411225.jpg ", " 2-1685411234.jpg ", " 3-1685411240.jpg "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '苏丹', '非洲']
Type: Article
 The conflict has turned the capital Khamoum and other cities into battlefields(路透)
两名主要的国际调解人表示对持续违反停火协议的行为感到不满，随后苏丹交战双方同意在争夺该国控制权的斗争中延长不稳定的停火协议。
5约29日周一晚些时候，沙特阿拉伯和美国在一份联合声明中宣布，苏丹军方与其竞争对手准军事集团快速支援部队之间的停火协议期限延长五天。
声明指出，“延期将为进一步的人道主义援助、恢复基本服务以及讨论可能的长期延期提供时间。”
值此事态发展之际，双方都面临着延长原定于周一结束的摇摇欲坠的停火协议的压力。
早些时候，居民告诉法新社，他们可以听到喀土穆北部的巷战以及首都南部的炮火声，那里有超过500万人口，已经变成了致命的战区，同时武装呼声引发了人们对冲突将加剧的担忧。
在周日的联合声明中，主要的国际调解人美国和沙特阿拉伯表示对持续违反停火协议的行为感到不满，并就具体违反为期一周的停火协议的行为向苏丹军方和快速支援部队发出呼吁。
4月中旬，由阿卜杜勒·法塔赫·布尔汉将军领导的军方与快速支援部队领导人穆罕默德·哈姆丹·达加洛将军爆发战斗，苏丹陷入混乱。
据追踪平民伤亡情况的苏丹医生工会称，战斗已造成至少866名平民死亡，数千人受伤。该医疗组织表示，死亡人数可能会更高。
冲突已将首都和其他城市地区变成战场，迫使近140万人逃离家园，前往苏丹境内更安全的地区或进入邻国。
 尽管达成停火协议，苏丹仍爆发战斗 (Peninsula TV Station)The residential areas of Khatoo Mome and its neighboring city Endaman and Beika Comei have caused extensive damage. Residents reported that their homes were attacked and robbed. Many people also condemn the behavior of confiscation and ransy houses on social media.
The office, medical facilities and other civil infrastructure of assistance organizations have also been attacked and robbed. Since the start of the battle on April 15, many hospitals have been unable to enter.
A week ago, the two sides promised to suspend the continuous air strikes, artillery and lane battles in order to provide urgent need for assistance and allow civilians to escape.
But on the seventh day of the armistice, the safety of the humanitarian corridor has not been guaranteed, and assistance is just a steady stream of a few hospitals that are still operating in the capital.
Hipka Morgan reported from Entuman reported that the two sides accused each other of illegal acts.
Morgan said, "During the ceasefire, many air strikes have occurred in the past week."
"Regarding the content of the agreement itself, that is, the opening of the humanitarian corridor, free from the hospital allows people to use medical facilities, repair power plants and water plants, all of which have not been realized in the past 7 days. Therefore, it is unclear whether the two parties will be again again. postpone."
For a few weeks, the United States and Saudi Arabia have been mediation for military talks with the rapid support forces in Gada, Saudi Port, Gada. So far, the seven -time ceasefire agreement has been announced to a certain extent.
 Although the battle has eased during the stop of the war, the progress of humanitarian aid for Sudan is slow.(Peninsula TV Station)In Sidalfur, Dr. Salahtour, the head of the State Doctor Association, said that in the past few weeks, the villages and camps of the displaced people were destroyed and paid. Women and children, escaped from home and went to Chad in neighboring countries.
Niala in the South Dalfur, Fahlhir in the North Dalfur, and Zalin Gai in the Middle Dalfur State have experienced fierce battles in the past few days. According to the United Nations agencies, houses and civil infrastructure have been destroyed and robbed, forcing thousands of people to leave their homes.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/5/30/%e8%8b%8f%e4%b8%b9%e5%86%9b%e6%96%b9%e4%b8%8e%e5%bf%ab%e9%80%9f%e6%94%af%e6%8f%b4%e9%83%a8%e9%98%9f%e5%90%8c%e6%84%8f%e5%bb%b6%e9%95%bf%e5%81%9c%e7%81%ab%e6%9c%9f%e9%99%90 
She accused the university mentor sexual harassment, but was sued by the wife's wife to prosecute the adultery 
Creator: MOTOKO RICH,HIKARI HIDA
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-05-30T02:18:08+08:00
Description: A Japanese woman accused her university professor at a tutor's status to induce her sexual behavior and control her for ten years, but was sued by the professor's wife, was accused of adultery, and was sentenced to defeat. This case highlights the chaos of Japanese sexual power structure. Noriko Hayashi for the New York Times accused his art history professor of sexual harassment.
Images: [" 00japan-sex-p... ", " 00japan-sex-p... ", " 00japan-sex-p... "]
Category: 亚太
Type: Article
 Tokyo -a well -known professor of art history and his students run out of dinner, walk along the river of Kyoto, an picturesque old capital of Japan, and stop in front of a bar.
In the past few months, they have spent a lot of time together, and the professor has kissed her once in a park in Tokyo. After drinking, he invited her to his hotel, where they had a sexual relationship, and she said that it violated her wishes. And he said it was the behavior that the two sides agreed.
The incidents of different views of this part of this part are the beginning of a decade of underground relationship, including sneaky meets, a series of love letters, and several overseas travel.
Over time, the student began to believe that the professor used the imbalance between the power between them, and all this did not get her consent from beginning to end.
When she eventually seized the relationship, she filed a formal complaint to the university and charged the professor's sexual harassment. Her reason was that when she was 23 years old, he used him as a mentor to induce her sexual relationship and commit sexual assault on her. For many years, she completely played her between the palms.
But unexpectedly, she also found that she was prosecuted by the professor's wife, accused of adultery and causing his wife's mental pain. According to Japanese civil law, extramarital relations are regarded as an infringement of the marriage contract.
In the end, his wife received nearly $ 20,000 in compensation. The university stated that the professor was fired last year because of the "improper relationship" with students. But the young woman defeated, and the court ruled that the professor never forced her to do anything violated.
The 38 -year -old Sasino name (Yin), 63 -year -old professor Lin Daolang and his 74 -year -old wife Tomoko (sound) highlight the dynamic entanglement of Japanese sexual power. Women rarely have sexual harassment lawsuits, let alone Win the lawsuit, and "#了 too" too "(#MeToo)Sports have not stabilized like a foothold like the West.
Sasino named her knowing that she was unlikely to succeed in the lawsuit of Lin Daolang's sexual harassment. But she was still hesitant. In several interviews, she said that she did this to show that she experienced "like such psychological abuse like such as like sexual induction and gas lamp.
Although Japanese news media's attention to the case is indifferent, it has caused a sensation in the Japanese art and academic circles. Unlike the United States, in Japan, there are few love relationships between professors and students in Japan. At the same time, experts said that the strict level systems in Japanese culture generally exist in age and status, which makes it difficult to say no of their subordinates -especially women -especially women.
"In Japanese culture, we should all work hard to get along with each other,"(Spring)The person in charge of Sato Sato said. "So, if you are required to have sex, you may find it difficult to refuse."
 Last year, students at the campus of Shangzhi University. Lin Daolang was fired by the university for his "improper relationship". Noriko hayashi for the new york times
In court, the name of Sasino repeatedly put forward this argument. However, Japan's laws on sexual assault have not mentioned sexual consent, which reflects a suspicion, that is, whether anyone will be forced to have sex without violence.
"In terms of sexual assault, there must be a great threat, and the victims must fight back," said Kawamoto Kiki Kawamoto, a lawyer who reviewed the country that might be launched in the country. She said that the current law does not protect those who "choose to obey under psychological coercion."
In contrast, the laws of the United States and some European countries include the victims that the victims may not be agreed due to illness or drunk, or criminals may use their authoritative positions.
According to the court documents, the name of Sano said that after the first sexual relationship with Lin Daolang, "because she had no bruises on her body, she did not think she was a victim of sexual assault."
In the March ruling, the judge acknowledged that there was a gray area between coercion and consent, and believed that Lin Daolang was fired "appropriate". However, Sano's name says in his words in his words that the judgment does not take into account that "a person who is higher than your status actually affects your psychology."
Although the name of Sakano lost the lawsuit, the court ordered the professor to pay her 1.28 million yen (nearly $ 9,800), which was part of his wife's compensation from the name of Sano's name through a lawsuit.
Tanikawa, who is a professor of gender law in many universities in Tokyo, said that Lin Shizi's lawsuit may seem "a bit strange". The marriage contract is a contract for her husband and wife, but Sasino's name is responsible for violating the contract. But experts said that such cases are not uncommon.
Shi Zhiko refused to comment on this article. In the court documents, she said that she was resentful about her husband's adultery, but she did not think he had sex with sexual harassment. She accused Sano of "pushing all the responsibilities of their relationship to my husband, as if she was a pure victim."
Sakino met the professor in 2004. At that time, she was a undergraduate student at Tokyo University of September. He is a well -known Japanese modern art expert, and has always spoken freely for feminism and speech.
They have maintained a simple academic relationship for a long time. They discussed the ideal of her graduate school. He took the initiative to write a recommendation letter to her and help her get an internship.
She said that in 2007, the summer and autumn before graduate students studying, Lin Daolang began to induce her to start a couple relationship, and the boundaries between them became blurred. He often invited her to drink tea. She felt unable to refuse.
"He will make suggestions for the reading or study courses of the Graduate School, and feel that he has expectations for me," Said Sakino. "And I think I can't live up to him."
 
日本当代艺术专家林道郎是佐野的导师。 Ujin Matsuo
一些倡导者说，像上智大学这样的日本机构需要对学生和教授之间的关系有更明确的指导。政府最近呼吁大学提供更多关于性骚扰和性暴力心理咨询服务的信息，并在采取纪律处分时进行披露。
“根据定义，导师或教授与学生之间的任何恋爱关系都是骚扰”，因为“存在取悦当权者的渴望”，大阪大学社会学和性别研究教授牟田和惠说。
研究性骚扰的专家表示，改变这种文化需要的不仅仅是法律行动。
“普遍接受的观点是，如果一个女人接受一个吻或去约会，那就是双方自愿的，”牟田和惠说，她提倡大学出台政策禁止教授和学生之间建立情侣关系。“我们正在努力改变现状，但迄今还不算很成功。”
佐野名子说她现在正在接受心理治疗，以应对创伤后应激障碍。她与父母住在一起，自从2019年离开美术馆以来一直无法全职工作。
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/asia-pacific/20230530/japan-sexual-harassment-women/ 
The situation in the South China Sea rising the United States, Japan and the Philippines will hold co -defense joint exercises for the first time 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T02:39:00Z
Description: Although Philippine officials emphasize that this is just a routine exercise, the coast guards of the United States, Japan and the Philippines will hold the three -kingae exercise in the South China Sea for the first time, which is considered to be in response to China's expansion and military behavior in the region.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '南中国海主权争端', '菲律宾', '日本', '中共十九大', '美国']
Keywords: ['菲律宾', '美国', '日本', '中国', '南海', '联合军演']
Id: 65766653
The coast guards of the United States, Japan and the Philippines will be held for the first joint exercise in June in June. The picture shows that the China and the Philippine Coast Guard ship confrontation at sea in March this year (data photo)
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) As China continues to expand and military behavior in the South China Sea, the coast guards of the United States, Japan and the Philippines will hold joint maritime exercises this week. This is the first time that such exercises have been conducted between the three countries to strengthen the cooperation of maritime safety projects.
Reuters reported that the Philippine Coast Guard spokesman Armandbalilo said on Monday (May 29) that from June 1st to June 7th, the three countries will hold exercises in waters near Batan, Philippines; The United States and Japan proposes, and Australia will also join as observer.
Barry said that the Philippines will send four ships, and each of the United States and Japan will participate in exercises. The exercise aims to improve cooperation and law enforcement in search and rescue.
Since last year, Ferdinand Marcos JR has replaced Rodriduterterte as the Philippine President, Japan, Australia, and the United States often condemn China for militaryization in the South China Sea and seek closer contact with the Philippines.
In February of this year, Japan and the United States held contact with the Philippines for joint maritime exercises; in the same month, Manila accused China of aggression in the South China Sea. At that time, the Philippines accused Chinese maritime police vessels using "military -grade laser" on Philippine vessels , Leading to the Philippine crew briefly blind.
In addition, the Philippines also claims that a large number of suspected militia vessels wander near the Philippine control area around the Nansha Islands Essence In this regard, China insisted that its maritime police operations were legal and carried out in the Chinese waters.
The Philippine President President Little Macos visited the United States in May this year and met with US President Biden at the White House (data photo)
Philippines called nothing to do with China 
Bloomberg pointed out that the situation of China and the Philippines in the controversial waters of the South China Sea rising. With the intensification of Washington and Beijing, the coastal guards in the three countries will be the latest display of the United States cooperation with its Asian allies.
Recently, the Philippines has continued to strengthen its defense alliance with the United States, and the Philippine base entered by the U.S. military entered earlier earlier this year. In April The United States and the Philippines held the largest joint military exercise in history During the military exercise, rockets and combat aircraft were used to simulate the enemy ships, and the exercise location was also close to the South China Sea.
In response to the joint exercise of the three countries, Barry, the Philippine Coast Guard, said that the exercise will "strengthen interoperability" and will include maritime law enforcement training and motor exercises. But he also emphasized that this exercise has nothing to do with Manila and Beijing's maritime disputes, "this is a routine exercise between the coast guards."
(Reuters, Bloomberg)
The United States and the Philippines held the largest joint military exercise in history in April this year. The picture shows the U.S. soldiers during the exercise (information photo)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/南海情勢升溫-美日菲將首次舉行海防聯合演習/a-65766653?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Who supports "Wu Tong" Taiwan? What do you say about a poll for interviewees in mainland China? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-05-30T02:45:10.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T02:45:10.000Z
Description: The Chinese people's views on cross -strait issues have always been rare because of their sensitivity. Therefore, the research on academic polls published in recent years has caused continuous attention.
Images: [" _129898538_wh... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['新加坡', '中美关系', '北京', '新冠病毒疫情', '中國', '政治', '台湾', '军事']
Type: Article
Who supports "Wu Tong" Taiwan? What do you say about a poll for interviewees in mainland China? 
At 2:45 am on May 30, 2023 In May of this year, the well -known English journal "Journal of Contemporarychina" published a relevant poll for more than 1,800 Chinese citizens against "martial arts" Taiwan. The research survey showed that the respondents expressed only 55%of the "Wu Tong" Taiwanese in Beijing, and 33%of the respondents did not agree to unify Taiwan by force. The results of polls caused public opinion discussion. 
In fact, the Chinese people's views on cross -strait issues have always been rare because of sensitivity. Therefore, the research on academic polls published in recent years has caused continuous attention. The two authors of the latest research were ADAMY (ADAMY. Li) Assistant Professor of Singapore National University and Li Xiaoyan, an associate professor of Shanghai Branch of New York University.
Poll report Liu Yao, one of the author, told BBC in Chinese, "The most important discovery is that the mainland people have a relatively large tolerance for solving the Taiwan problems, not as much as expected. In other words, the research results show that the research results show that the results show that the research results show that Wu Tong did not receive overwhelming support among the interviewees.
At the moment when cross -strait situations are tight and US -China relations, related investigations have attracted attention from all parties. The two authors also mentioned the results of the study at the end of the thesis or that the U.S. decision makers can realize that for most Chinese respondents, there is no clock that immediately send troops to martial arts. Essence
[China refers to the "one country, two systems" Taiwan plan.(https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-55675464) Taiwan polls: more than half of people do not believe it can resist the PLA 100 days China's "self -employed five" bloggers: "Patriotic" Internet celebrity under the rise of nationalism * Political Secretary "Entry Customs" and "Accelerating": The disillusionment and enthusiasm of the younger generation in China 
Image source, davies surya
Image adding text,
"Self -work five" refers to the rise of patriotic bloggers posing volunteer on the Internet. In Chinese social media, the rise of the "self -employed five" group is closely related to China's nationalist wave in recent years.
Wang Hongen, assistant professor of the Department of Political Science at Las Vegas, University of Nevada University in the United States, told BBC in Chinese when analyzing the results of the polls that one of the conclusions of this article is that Chinese citizens with a high degree of education are more supported by martial arts. In the past, the research of other scholars was the same **, and the Chinese people, which are the top of the social class, will be consistent with the official publicity caliber in polls.
Wang Hongen, who has long been engaged in political and polical investigations and research, added, "But there are some hidden concerns. After all, 55%are still more than half numbers, which means that even if China is suddenly democratized, Taiwan may still be under threat."
Liu Yao also emphasized to other media that the survey conveyed the only choice that most interviewees believed by the "unity of force" to Beijing Zhongnanhai. The gentle cross -strait policy can also be accepted.
"Wu Tong" polls 
The research survey of Liu Yao was conducted through online options. The sampling interviewees are all over China, from different ages, income and gender interviewees. The survey is conducted from the end of 2020 to the beginning analyze. Interviewees do not include Chinese citizens living overseas.
However, like all political polls, because of the number of samples, problem orientation or analysis methods, etc., will affect the final statistical data analysis results. Generally speaking, small -scale sampling research does not represent everyone, but it is necessary to achieve accurate statistics and analysis, and provide accurate numbers from the sample to the outside world.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The CCP celebrates the Centennial Conference of the Party.
For example, Liu Yao explained to the BBC in Chinese, and the questionnaire problem particularly emphasized that Taiwan has not announced "Taiwan independence", and "without a major 'Taiwan independence" incident, "the interviewees did not think that" martial arts "was imminent. Even if the Chinese government chooses to maintain the status quo, it does not necessarily lose points. "
"We did not design some special situations in the questionnaire, such as the Taiwan authorities touched the" Anti -split State Law "in the mainland." He added.
In response to why the questionnaire results "only" 55%of people support "martial arts", Wang Hongen told BBC in Chinese that this may be related to the questionnaire design. He said that because the question volume asked, "Whether it is to be in martial arts in 2024", and the time point for issuing a questionnaire was when the new crown pneumonia was raged in 2021. "At that time, many Chinese people might feel that there was no time to be free or 2024 2024. The year is too close. I think if you ask -whether you will always abandon the force to attack Taiwan, the numbers may be different. "
This questionnaire designed five different "unified Taiwan" methods, including force attacking Taiwan or economic coercion. The results showed that only 55%of the respondents supported a comprehensive war against Taiwan, but only 1%of the most extreme options, that is, directly war. Other options, including 58%of the "Military Operations launched in Taiwan"; "Implementing economic sanctions on Taiwan" has a 57%support rate. "Maintain the status quo, strengthen the economy and military strength until the unity" is 57%.What do between China and the United States start a problem about the people of Taiwan and Taipei?
In addition, 22%of the interviewees said "acceptance", 71%said "acceptance", 7%of the respondents were "accepted", 7%indicated "uncertainty". The Hong Kong media "South China Morning Post" pointed out that 22 % of the respondents who are highly sensitive in China have said that "the two sides of the strait do not have to be unified", which is surprising.
The higher the education level, the more supported the "Wu Tong"? 
Liu Yao also told the BBC Chinese that the survey also found that the high -age, men and education levels highly supported Zhongnanhai to use intense means to deal with Taiwan issues, including "martial arts".
One of the explanations estimated by the survey is that the older Chinese people have gradually disappeared, and they hope to see the Taiwan problem in a lifetime in a lifetime, rather than continue to wait. However, in any case, the researchers believe that the results of the survey challenged the mainstream discussions of Beijing to some extent, that is, "recovering Taiwan is almost every Chinese collective will."
Wang Hongen told BBC Chinese. In fact, in recent years, in China ’s research on the frontier journal" Contemporary China ", the research on" Wu Tong Public Opinion "published by different scholars has similar research results.
For example, in 2022, the research group of South China University of Science and Technology in China, in 2019, visited Chinese citizens in 1729 coastal cities through mobile phones, and found that 58%of respondents supported military forces to attack Taiwan. Moreover, men, income and education are high, have contact with Taiwanese, believe that the Chinese economy is better than Taiwan, and supports "Wu Tong Taiwan".
Wang Hongen believes that this study It also shows that Beijing has the public opinion of Wu Tong Taiwan. There is a top -down process, which appears to the level of education: "And war wolf diplomacy also echo the opinion of group people with resources in China."

图像来源， Getty Images
图像加注文字，
台湾有2300万人口。
此外，2017年三位台湾学者发表了与北京大学当代中国研究中心合作的 研究 It shows that 51.6%of the Chinese people interviewed by the people supported "the faster the unity, the better", and 28.8%of the respondents accepted the unification of "slowly." However, only 6%of the respondents chose "Wu Tong", and 82.1%supported negotiation.
The study also claims that the interviewees think that the cities they live in Taipei are more advanced than Taipei, or the more they feel that the backward group in Taipei wants to be unified as soon as possible and martial arts in Taiwan.
The study was collected in 2013 to use a computer -assisted telephone survey system. In 10 cities including Beijing, Chongqing, Harbin, Shenzhen, and Shanghai, the sample mobile phone number visited 2,000 Chinese urban residents who were over 18 years old.
Professor Wang Hongen said that although the survey sample could not represent all the Chinese people, it was a small number of people who could do across provinces and were large -scale public opinion surveys, and the interviewees had diverse backgrounds.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65745337 
Internet celebrity brother & quot; Route & quot; Go to the United States to ask asylum to shoot videos along the way to attract netizens' attention 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T03:27:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:09:19-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Internet celebrity "Tiange" was in front of Panama's refugee camp. He had criticized the Chinese government for a year or two for his post -Twitter video. Tiange provided [Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/GT1-05302302708.html/@stream]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt1-05302023032708.html/@@stream)Chen Shaotian, a celebrity of Henan, China (known as "Guo Cao Brother" and "Tiange"), was dissatisfied with the domestic public opinion environment after being released from prison for one year. On his way to the United States alone, he recorded what he saw and heard, hoping to seek political asylum in the United States.
Thousands of Chinese citizens cross the Latin American "Route" to steal the United States * Continuous "moisturizing"? The number of Chinese people's "wiring" has increased sharply in the United States 
"Departing at 8 o'clock tomorrow, eight adults, four children, after entering the rainforest, there will be no communication for three to five days. You do n’t need to care about it. I will post a message with you as soon as I have a signal." The above is two days ago. Chen Shaotian of Henan Net Red Net, Tian Ge, a stream of words in American videos issued by Twitter.
Since the beginning of this year, more and more Chinese have joined the ranks of refugees from South American countries. Started from Turkey, traveled to the United States through Panama, Mexico and other countries. In the late March prison (Chen Shaotian), he arrived in Turkey from Singapore in the end of this month and began his journey to the United States.
Tianchen said in an interview with Liberty Asia on the way to "Route" on Tuesday (30th) that he had passed through the tropical rain forest, arrived at the border of Panama, and went to Costa Rica the next day. He said that he was lucky to use it for less than two days. Time to cross the rain forest: "Some people have used it for four and a half days, I am lucky, and the sun was not very large that day. I was the first rain forest. An old lady was lifted out with a stretcher. Snake Head of 120 yuan. "
Brother Tian said that he set off from Turkey and arrived in the capital of Ecuador. When he saw that there were about two hundred people in Chinese wiring. After entering Panama, they added refugees in South American countries. And Chinese refugees come from various provinces, including a Xinjiang native: "Some are old and younger, and some are single. There are also in Fujian. There are people in Shandong and Xinjiang. On the way to Kerry, when he encountered a black policeman, he asked the Chinese people for money. We six Chinese, each of which everyone asked for five dollars. "
"Wiring" people need to hike for two to three days on the tropical rain forest, and it takes four or five days if it rains. (Provided by Tiange)
Snake head belt roads "ordinary" and "luxury" route 
Brother Tian said that the line has matured along the way to the United States, including the rest station and camp of the receiving crowders. He said: "Snake Head" introduced them to the ordinary route and luxury route to them: "We go to the luxury route more than a thousand dollars than the ordinary route. When we take a third of the route, we can ride a horse for three hours for three hours. Just arrive at the camp. They have no route to riding. They have to walk for more than two days, and they walk for five days. The snake head has given us a customs clearance certificate. Some people have been robbed of more than a thousand dollars on the road. For more than 70 yuan, I forgot to get it when I got off the car. "
According to a number of people familiar with the road roads, Chinese smugglers generally choose to walk north along the South American coastline through Turkey to Ecuador, pass through the South American coastline, pass through Peru, arrive in Venezuela, and then need to cross the Anta Mountains. And via Venezuela to the Caribbean, after Central America, find a ship or take a plane to Panama, Nicaragua, etc. in the Caribbean Sea. Continue to walk north in Central America, pass through Guatemala, Belize and other countries, and finally arrived at the Mexican border.
That closing will be more troublesome, robbery, and others say that the Chinese and the locals are robbed. Young people who do not grab any money, and those who grab the house with their mouths, some of which have been swiped by more than 200,000 yuan. ","
Brother Tian said that "snake head" provides "ordinary lines" and "luxury lines". The luxury line needs to pay more than 1,100 US dollars, and horses are provided in some sections. (天 [() Dissatisfied with China's living environment, seeking American politics asylum 
Facing a large number of illegal immigrants in the US -Mexico border. The U.S. government has previously announced that illegal entry is arranged in Mexico to accept identity evaluation. Brother Tian said that he hoped to obtain only one purpose of the United States for political asylum, which was the environment for free speech. He was worried that he would be guilty for staying in China.
On March 25, 2021, the Fugou County Court of Henan Province attacked the political system with Chen Shaotian in a Twitter, which seriously harmed the national image and endangered national security. Punishment was released from prison.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt1-05302023032708.html 
Alternative asset management companies continue to get capital inflows, and related stocks are worth buying at each other (Free Version) 
Author: Telis Demos
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T03:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T03:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T02:15:00.000Z
Description: Like banks, non -bank investment giants are also troubled by financing issues, but different forms and different degrees. This is an important reason why such companies may continue to be better than banks.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000925538
Type: Article
像银行一样，非银行投资巨头也受到融资问题困扰，但形式不同，程度也不一样。这是此类公司表现可能继续好于银行的一个重要原因。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%8F%A6%E7%B1%BB%E8%B5%84%E4%BA%A7%E7%AE%A1%E7%90%86%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8%E7%BB%A7%E7%BB%AD%E8%8E%B7%E5%BE%97%E8%B5%84%E9%87%91%E6%B5%81%E5%85%A5-%E7%9B%B8%E5%85%B3%E8%82%A1%E7%A5%A8%E5%80%BC%E5%BE%97%E9%80%A2%E4%BD%8E%E4%B9%B0%E5%85%A5-c54e75e7 
Moscow launched a new round of large -scale offensive and Russian governor on Kiev to ante the annexed Halkov 
Author: 半岛电视台＋路透社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-05-30T03:50:55
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T03:50:55
Description: Peninsula TV reporters in Ukraine reported that the capital Kiev was violently attacked by drones on Tuesday morning. A series of strong explosions in the city sounded in multiple blocks in the city. Cave province is merged into Russian territory.
Images: [" 1-1685418469.jpg ", " 1-1685418525.png ", " 1-1685418573.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 The frequency of Russia attack Kyiv has increased
Peninsula TV reporters in Ukraine reported that the capital Kiev was violently attacked by drones on Tuesday morning. A series of strong explosions in the city sounded in multiple blocks in the city. Cave province is merged into Russian territory.
Kiev Mayor Vetali Clechko announced that at least four blocks were damaged by the extensive attacks on the city he said. The fragments of the drone fell on the house and the car, resulting in the fire of houses and cars. It is pointed out that according to preliminary information, at least one woman was injured.
The mayor of Kiev added that the powerful explosion shocked the historic Pjlesk District (center of Kiev), and he also said that Kiev was attacked by Russia's large -scale attack and called on the residents of the capital to stay in a shelter.
The camera of the Peninsula TV monitored the influence of the explosion, and the air defense system worked hard to shoot it in the sky in the Ukrainian capital.
Since the beginning of May this year, the Russian army launched 17 air strikes on Kiev.
Monday attack 
On Monday, the Ukraine capital was violently attacked by Russia's missiles and drones. The Kiev authorities said that 11 "Iskander" was launched to the city.(Iskander)Type -type missiles were all shot down.
Ukraine Foreign Minister Dmitiro Kulbaba said that it must be strengthened by strengthening air defense, including providing F-16 fighters to prevent Russia from attacking Ukrainian cities.
Since the beginning of May, the frequency of the capital has increased, because the Ukrainian air defense system has been exhausted.
 Russia's missile attack against Kiev has led to fire in multiple residential areas (Reuters)
In this context, Ukrainian President Vladimir Zellei said that by fighting the Missile attacks launched by the Russian "witness" drone, cruise missiles and ballistic missiles, and guided aircraft bombs, the air defense forces saved the number The life of a hundred people.
In his daily speech, Zelei emphasized that his country needs to obtain more air defense systems to increase pressure on Russia and isolate it to fail terrorism.
The President of Ukraine praised the performance of Kiev in the protection of the American Patriot Air Defense System, saying that it had a 100%interception rate for Russian missiles.
Rare admit 
Earlier on Monday, the Hermenzky Regional Administration of Western Ukraine stated that Russia attacked a military base last night and pointed out that the base was composed of warehouses and military aircraft runways.
The Government of the Hermenzky region posted on Telegram, "The Russian army bombed several locations, including a military (place) in the Hermenzky region."
The regional government also reported that a fire broke out in the fuel bank, the military equipment and aircraft runways were damaged, and added that "the work of controlling the fire is still continuing."
The same sources said that five aircraft had been grounded, but no more details were provided. The source also pointed out that the maintenance of the aircraft runway has begun.
However, the Government of Hermenezky did not mention any possible number of victims, but just said that the information "will be clarified".
In a statement issued by the Russian Ministry of Defense on Monday, it bombed the "airport" of Ukraine at night and "destroyed" all the goals. In the statement, "all the determined goals were destroyed," But there is no place to explain the attack.

The Governor Viacuslav Gradkov, the Governor of Burdor, Russia and Ukraine, said that the way to solve the bombing and repeated attacks is to incorporate the province of Halkov (northeast of Ukraine) into Bielgor Rhodes.
 Russian and Ukraine War upgraded in many aspects
Governor Bergot said on Monday that Ukraine bombed the province's two industrial facilities, causing four people to be killed.
The Russian media also reported that Ukraine bombed some villages in Belgore with 30 artillery and mortar shells and released video clips that showed thick smoke in the target area.
Governor Bergot said earlier that the province was in a actual battle and added that since the outbreak of the Ukrainian war in February 2022, 5 Ukrainian reconnaissance teams have penetrated into the province.
Last week, the largest armed invasion since the beginning of the war began. Moscow said that the two organizations were damagers of Ukraine, and the infiltration operation accompanied the bombing and drone shooting.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/5/30/%e8%8e%ab%e6%96%af%e7%a7%91%e5%af%b9%e5%9f%ba%e8%be%85%e5%8f%91%e5%8a%a8%e6%96%b0%e4%b8%80%e8%bd%ae%e5%a4%a7%e8%a7%84%e6%a8%a1%e8%bf%9b%e6%94%bb%e4%b8%8e%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e7%9c%81%e9%95%bf 
Why does China pay attention to Central Asia? (Free version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-30T03:55:01+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T23:47:99+08:00
Description: Deng Yanwen: With the in -depth advancement of China's politics and security, especially economic cooperation in Central Asia, China may gradually replace Russia to become the most important external forces in Central Asia in the future.
Images: [" 000181982_pic... "]
Themes: ['中亚']
Keywords: ['中亚', '中国外交', '中美关系', '中俄关系']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
The China-Central Asian Summit held in Xi'an this month was the first home conference in China this year. Because the meeting was the same as the G7 meeting held in Hiroshima, Japan, many Western media interpreted it as China to use the Central Asian Summit to confront the G7. In fact, this is just a coincidence. From the perspective of the status and role of the place, it cannot be compared with the six other western powers other than the United States, so it is impossible to talk about China to fight with the G7. But you can't underestimate this meeting.
There are actually two contents of this summit held by China and Central Asia. One is to talk about the leaders of the four countries in China and the five countries. The two sides issued a joint statement or declaration respectively to enhance bilateral relations. The "China -Central Asian Summit Xi'an Declaration" was published, and China also released a list of results of the summit separately to take stock of the specific results achieved by the summit.
From the perspective of Xi Jinping's keynote speech, China will develop relations with Central Asia into a "community of China -Central Asia's Destiny Community, which is aid, common development, universal security, and friendship for generations", which is also in line with its consistent diplomatic concept. Building a community of human destiny is Xi Jinping's highest diplomatic goals and diplomatic concepts proposed by Xi Jinping. Starting from this diplomatic concept and goals, China advocates Central Asia to become a "stable, prosperous, harmonious, and Unicom". Xi Jinping made a definition of what is stable, prosperous, harmonious, and Unicom, and said that it will be promoted from eight aspects, which are to strengthen the construction of mechanisms, expand economic and trade relations, deepen interconnection, large energy cooperation, enhance development capabilities. , Strengthen civilized dialogue and maintain regional peace. The "Xi'an Declaration" and the results list have been listed in detail.
Specifically, there are three results achieved by this summit: (1) Main cooperation consensus and initiative, including the establishment of the China -Central Asian head of state meeting mechanism, which is held in each other every two years; ; Study the feasibility of the establishment of the Chinese -Central Asian mechanism permanent secretaries; strengthen the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" initiative with the docking of the five -way and development strategy of Central Asia, a total of 54 items; Foreign Minister Meeting Mechanism, Minister of Industry and Investment, Minister of Agriculture, Emergency Management Cooperation, Minister of Transport, Education Minister Meeting, Energy Cooperation, Customs Director Meeting, Political Party Dialogue, Executive College Cooperation Network, Industrial Family Committee, Central Asia Cooperation Forum , Local cooperation forums, industry and investment cooperation forums, e -commerce cooperation dialogue mechanisms, health industry alliances, news agency forums; (3) multilateral cooperation documents within the framework of the summit, including the summit declaration and eight memorandum of understanding.
From this point of view, China was still very abundant to hold this summit, and cooperation with the five countries of Central Asia is almost all -round. China strengthens cooperation and contact with Central Asia. The purpose is to ensure that China ’s surroundings are safe, to ensure the security of China's surroundings through deepening the political mutual trust, economic, trade, and security cooperation, and to make Central Asia the stable rear of China. This determines that the focus of this summit is in three aspects: first, the mechanism of China-Central Asian cooperation; the other is to build Central Asia into a high-quality co-construction of the "Belt and Road" demonstration zone to enhance the quality and quality and quality of economic and trade cooperation between the two parties The level; the third is to strengthen humanities and security cooperation with Central Asia.
Although the all -round cooperation between China and five Central Asia has now stayed in the establishment of the platform mechanism and the memorandum of understanding of understanding, the next step of the prodigal is pragmatic. China ’s advantage is that the economy of economy, especially the infrastructure, is strong, and the economy is the most urgent need for the five countries. China’ s economic and infrastructure construction has opened the channel, which can quickly allow the planned platforms and mechanisms to land. If the Economy of the Five Kingdoms rely on China in the future, with their geographical location, the geopolitical significance it produces cannot be underestimated.
Central Asia is located in the heart of the world island of geopolitical politics in British geographical scientist McGonett, which is a channel connecting Eurasia. From the perspective of geopolitical politics, if China through the construction of cooperation mechanisms and strengthening the connection and cooperation of economic and trade, transportation, humanities, and counter -terrorism, China will open up land channels from the northwest, through Central Asia, Middle East, and then Europe. It becomes a section, so as to solve the US strategy of the United States for China. This is the western direction strategy proposed by some Chinese strategic scholars and international relations scholars.
The west -towards strategy also includes Europe and Africa, which are mainly based on two aspects of consideration, namely economy and trade, food, energy and mineral products. If Sino -US relations are completely broken in the most extreme cases, it is necessary to ensure the smooth flow of China -Europe economy and trade. If China has also been sanctioned by the EU due to the outbreak of the Taiwan Strait War, then strengthening economic and trade connections with Europe will allow Europe to make sanctions on sanctions when making sanctions. The problem of "de -risk" economic and trade relations. It is more important to China during the war than the economic and trade relations with Europe. Because maritime transportation will be blocked by the United States, China can only rely on land on land and energy pipelines. If it can ensure that oil in the Middle East and Africa can be transported to China during war, coupled with Russia's oil and food, China should not worry too much about the disadvantages of the food and energy crisis due to the emergence of the US and Western card necks.
In the west direction strategy, Central Asia and the Middle East are two connections, especially the geographical location of the five China and Asia. The trade in China and the European Europe, and the oil in the Middle East to China, all rely on this trade channel. In addition, the three countries of the five countries and China borders the borders, and there are unstable factors in China, bringing great hidden dangers to China's frontier security. Therefore, China must do a good job in strategic and security. Through the in -depth economic, political and security cooperation with the five countries, the five countries are tied to China's development wheels, so that China's forces and influence have penetrated into Central Asia. China can basically do high pillows.
In China to see the strategic importance of the five Central Asia, Russia and the United States can also see this. Not long ago, the US Secretary of State Brillings also went to Central Asia and held a meeting with the five countries. However, the United States is insufficient, lacks effective economic tools, strengthens military cooperation with Central Asia, and will touch Russia's interests. Because Central Asia traditionally is the scope of Russia. In -depth cooperation with China and Central Asia, of course, it will also make Russia have some uncomfortable. In the past, due to fear and attitudes to Russia, it has not made a lot of progress like the China -Jiwu Railway for more than 20 years. If there is no war in the Russian and Ukraine, China will host the leaders of the leaders with the Five countries, and it will definitely meet Russia and become a three -party summit in China, Central Asia, but now the situation is stronger than people. Going deep into Central Asia also turned on the green light. Of course, China will still take into account Russia's feelings. At this summit, China should have notified the topic and issues before the meeting to Russia. The five Central Asian countries also wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to open the distance from Russia to introduce the power of the United States, especially China, to balance Russia._ (Note: The author is an independent scholar, a researcher at China Strategic Analysis Think Tank. This article only represents the author's personal point of view.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099799 
China refuses to arrange for the Sino -US defense director to talk in Singapore. 
Authors: ['迪米']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-30T04:00:09+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29T23:59:99+08:00
Description: The Pentagon proposed to hold talks during the Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore, but it has been declined by the Chinese side. China Defense Director Li Shangfu is still under sanctions from the United States.
Images: [" 000085819_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '中国政治与政策', '美国外交政策', '中国经济', '新兴市场', '美国经济', '亚太经济', '美国政治与政策', '拜登', '中国政府', '美国国防部', '美国政府']
Type: Article
 Beijing has rejected the Pentagon's Arrangement on the Arrangement of the US Defense Defense Director Louger Austin(Calf)A request to meet with Chinese Defense Director Li Shangfu in June in Singapore was the latest sign of difficulties in the two countries in trying to stabilize the turbulence relationship.
The content of this proposal is to arrange the two countries' defense ministers at the Institute of International Strategy(IISS)Annual Asian Security Conference hosted by the year- "Shangri -La Dialogue"(Shangri-La Dialogue)Make a meeting during the period. The Pentagon said: "The People's Republic of China notify the United States, and they have declined our invitation from early May."
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099800 
Improvement: Venezuelan President Madro will meet with Brazil President Lula in Brazil 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-05-30T04:07:03
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T13:23:46
Description: Brazilian President Lula and Venezuela President Madro held talks in Brazil, and this is also the first visit to Brazil for many years, which shows that the relationship between the two South American countries is heating up.
Images: [" 2023-05-29T17... ", " FxTwDTMX0AA7c... ", " image-1-16854... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '委内瑞拉', '巴西', '美洲']
Type: Article
 On May 29, Venezuela President Maduro (left) and Brazilian President Lula held talks in Brazilia in Brazil(路透社)Brazilian President Lula and Venezuela President Madro held talks in Brazil, and this is also the first visit to Brazil for many years, which shows that the relationship between the two South American countries is heating up.
On May 29, local time, Maduro was welcomed by the honor guard in the Presidential Palace in Brazil in Brazil, and Lula also tried to embarrass and applaud him at the time.
These two left -wing leaders are expected to sign various agreements to promote the strengthening of relations between the two countries. Earlier, during the term of Lula's right -wing predecessor Bosonaro, relations between the two countries experienced a period of hostile, and Bosonaro even banned Madro from entering Brazil in 2019.
The Brazilian Ministry of Foreign Affairs pointed out in a statement that Lula and Maduro, which will attend the South American Leadership Summit on the 30th, plans to discuss the problem of further realization of the relationship between the two countries and re -open their respective embassies.
Lula wrote on Twitter, "We are at a historic moment" and expressed their welcome Venezuela leaders to visit Brazil.
 Lula and Maduro meet(Social networking site)"After 8 years, President Madro visited Brazil again, and we also re -obtained the right to implement international relations policies. We will continue to treat other countries seriously, especially neighbors bordering Brazil."
Maduro said on Twitter last Sunday that he "thanked his warm welcome."
The Venezuela leader said after a talk with Lula that he would propose South America as a region to ask the United States to terminate sanctions against the country.
Maduro also said that Venezuela hopes to become a member of the "BRICS country" of the main emerging market group. In this regard, Lula said that he personally supports Venezuela to join the group.
Lula is the latest left -wing leader in the region to restore the relationship with the Maduro government -the Maduro government has been isolated for a period of time because of the suppression of Venezuela's domestic political opposition and citizenship.
The relationship between Colombia and Venezuela has also recently improved because of the left -wing President Gustov Pitro, who took office in August 2022, gave up the confrontation path by former conservative President Ivan Duke.
The two countries have re -established diplomatic relations and adopted a series of measures to expand the existing relationship, such as relaxing travel restrictions on common boundaries. Petro and Maduro also held bilateral talks in Carahas, Venezuela's capital last November.
Earlier this month, Colombia and Venezuela also announced that the two countries would increase military existence in border areas with crimes and armed organizations.
However, the decision of the Rula and Madro government's recovery relationship has caused critics' criticism. Brazil's opposition senator Sergio Moro wrote on Twitter, "Brazil once again welcomes South American dictators with national honors."
 Is the West's opposition to Maduro's opposition?(news agency)During the term of Bosonaro, Brazil banned many members of Madro and its government in Brazil, and acknowledged that Venezuela's opposition leader Guaido was the legal president of the country.
In contrast, Lula, who led Brazil from 2003 to 2010, established a close connection with Ryllla's former President Ugo Chavez.
Karolina Silva Pedrosso, a professor of international relations at the Federal University of Sao Paulo, said, "Regardless of whether the two governments recognize each other, Venezuela is a neighbor of Brazil and cannot be ignored or cut off diplomatic relations with it. Because there are practical problems that need to be solved. "
Regional Summit 
At the same time, analysts pointed out that Lula hopes to make this week's regional summit a chance to strengthen integration and become a test of regional leaders to carry out cooperation on the basis of revitalizing the South American National Alliance.
The South American National Alliance was established in the Brazilian capital Brazilian, Brazil's second president 15 years ago. The regional alliance strives to integrate 12 countries in South America in terms of culture, society, politics, and economy.
The last meeting of all the members of the alliance was held in 2014. After 2017, the differences between the group's leadership and Maduro's participation in the meeting led to 7 of them announced their withdrawal. Among them, Brazil, under the leadership of Bosonaro, announced his withdrawal in 2019.
Oliverstuenkel, a professor of international relations at the Scottulio Vargas Foundation, said, "The biggest problem with the National Alliance of the South American National Alliance is that it is the leader in the left wing. It was established during the ruling period, and when the right -wing leader came, it collapsed. "
"It's easy to talk about its rise again, but they need to think of ways to continue the second attempt."
The meeting held in Brazil on the 30th of this month will attend the leaders of Lula, Maduro, and 9 other regional regions. At the same time, Peru's President Bolual is expected to be absent from the meeting.
After Pedro Castoli, the former President President Peru, Peru's left -wing, the Boalt administration responded to the national protests, leading the country to face increasingly serious diplomatic isolation in Latin America. It should be pointed out that Casto has tried to dissolve the parliament, and this is widely regarded as illegal operations.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/5/30/%e5%85%b3%e7%b3%bb%e6%94%b9%e5%96%84%e5%a7%94%e5%86%85%e7%91%9e%e6%8b%89%e6%80%bb%e7%bb%9f%e9%a9%ac%e6%9d%9c%e7%bd%97%e5%b0%86%e5%9c%a8%e5%b7%b4%e8%a5%bf%e5%88%a9%e4%ba%9a%e4%bc%9a%e8%a7%81 
The US debt limit agreement is expected to receive enough support, but it still needs to cross the procedural obstacle (Free Version) 
Author: Sabrina Siddiqui / Lindsay Wise / Andrew Duehren
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T04:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T04:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-29T23:52:00.000Z
Description: Biden and the Speaker of the House of Representatives seem to have enough support for the two parties, thereby suspending the upper limit of debt. So far, opposition is limited to progressive and conservatives in the two parties, but procedural obstacles may still cause an unprecedented default action to complexity.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
US President Biden(Joe bids)McCarthy, Speaker of the House of Representatives(Kevin McCarthy)It seems that it is expected to obtain enough support for two parties, and thereby suspend the upper limit of debt. So far, opposition is limited to progressive and conservatives in the two parties, but procedural obstacles may still cause an unprecedented default action to complexity.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%80%BA%E5%8A%A1%E4%B8%8A%E9%99%90%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E6%9C%89%E6%9C%9B%E8%8E%B7%E5%BE%97%E8%B6%B3%E5%A4%9F%E5%A4%9A%E7%9A%84%E6%94%AF%E6%8C%81-%E4%BD%86%E4%BB%8D%E9%9C%80%E8%B7%A8%E8%B6%8A%E7%A8%8B%E5%BA%8F%E6%80%A7%E9%9A%9C%E7%A2%8D-892d81d1 
China refuses to invite the China -US Defense Ministers to meet, and the bilateral relationship is blocked (Free Version) 
Author: Nancy A. Youssef
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T04:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T04:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-29T23:28:00.000Z
Description: The Pentagon of the United States stated on Monday that China rejected the request to meet at the Singapore Annual Safety Forum on the Singapore Annual Safety Forum this weekend, showing that the two countries' defense ministers proposed by the United States showed that the limitations of tentative recovery between the two major power opponents.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000929433
Type: Article
The Pentagon of the United States stated on Monday that China rejected the request to meet at the Singapore Annual Safety Forum on the Singapore Annual Safety Forum this weekend, showing that the two countries' defense ministers proposed by the United States showed that the two major powers opponents limitations of tentative recovery momentum 。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%8B%92%E7%BB%9D%E4%B8%AD%E7%BE%8E%E9%98%B2%E9%95%BF%E4%BC%9A%E6%99%A4%E9%82%80%E8%AF%B7-%E5%8F%8C%E8%BE%B9%E5%85%B3%E7%B3%BB%E5%9B%9E%E6%9A%96%E5%8F%97%E9%98%BB-bbe443ad 
The Henan ZTE Church was smashed and banned the religious facilities of the Guangdong -Lu Duya land. 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T04:51:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:08:45-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Zhengzhou Family Church Chinese Church Church Church Church Christian Church was smashed by government officials The church members provide Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/GT2-05302023045044.html/@stream Religious places in many places in China have been impacted recently. A family church in Zhengzhou, Henan Province raid against local government officials. Dozens of government personnel smashed the party places and banned the church on the grounds of illegal gatherings. Many people were arrested. In addition, Shunde, Guangdong, and Qingdao in Shandong also have the impact of religious places.
Religious suppression and upgrading Xi'an, Chengdu, and Wenzhou have a church in charge of the church and being detained and under house arrest One family church in Heshan, Guangdong was taken away by six people * The Beijing Watch Church was rectified and passed on the police interrupted party detention pasta *
According to Zhengzhou ZTE Christian Church, on the morning of May 21, about 5:30, more than 20 people in the church were meeting the main day. More than 50 people such as the Civil Affairs Bureau of Jinshui District, the Civil Affairs Bureau, the Beilin Road Police Station, the Police Police, the Urban Management, and Beilin Road Sub -district Office forcibly entered the party place. The church.
A local Christian Mr. Zhang told Radio Free Asia this week that the Chinese gospel group has branches in various places. There are churches in some cities. There are also many in Zhengzhou. Now no lawyers in China dare to accept cases such as church entrusted by the church. "
ZTE Christian Church party was seized (provided by church members) Zhengzhou ZTE Christian Church wrote in a letter of prayer on the 26th that the authorities brought 21 men and women who attended the party to the Beilin Road Police Station. Twelve hours of interrogation in illegal methods such as intimidation and confession. Forcibly pulled away all the instruments, audio equipment, computers, projectors of the church, removed the air conditioner, water dispenser, pulled all the chairs, removed all the curtains; Essence Also posted seals on the door of the church.
A piece of wolf borrowing at the place where the ZTE Christian Church gathers (provided by the church members) The ban decision issued by the Civil Affairs Bureau of Jinshui District, accusing the ZTE church conducting activities without registered, unauthorizedly carried out activities in the name of social organizations, violating the relevant provisions of the "Regulations on the Management of Social Poor Registration".
Zhengzhou Jinshui District Civil Affairs Bureau banned the church decision (provided by the church members) Guangdong and Shandong Christian gatherings are shocked 
The church has also been impacted in Guangdong recently. A church priest who was unwilling to disclose his name for personal safety reasons in Guangdong told this station: "There is also a church in Zhongshan by a local national security to check on Sunday. It's abominable. "
In addition, the "Shengjia Learning and Mutual Aid Center" in Shunde, Guangdong, was also impacted by dozens of local government officials on May 24. Police searched the scene. Teaching items such as computers, tables and chairs, picture books, etc. were confiscated, and the four co -workers, including the preacher, were also taken away. The next day, the family members received a notice of criminal detention, and the four co -workers were detained for thirty days by the authorities for three30 days of criminal detention by the authorities.
Believers have no way to change in the restaurant simply worship 
Another believers said: "Last week, some people were persecuted, and people were arrested. So far, they don't let people go, because they have no lawyers to intervene."
John John, a church in Qingdao, Shandong, told the station that the local neighborhood committee banned Christian family gatherings. Some churches were changed in the form of mobile gatherings. It is difficult to gather now. At present, the living environment of house churches is difficult. The day before yesterday, there was a church pastor to communicate with me. They could not go outside or to the small forest, or to do simple respect in the restaurant. bye."Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Xu Shuting, Chen Meihua, Jiayuan
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/gt2-05302023045044.html 
Why is U.S. stocks strangely calm? Or because of the quantified fund dominant market (Free Version) 
Author: Caitlin McCabe
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T05:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T05:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T01:30:00.000Z
Description: The US stock market is currently surprising, especially the current debt limit for debt limit. One key reason is that the differences between mainstream investors and quantitative funds are getting bigger and bigger.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股市']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
The US stock market is currently surprisingly calm, especially considering the current debt limit The dispute. One key reason is that the differences between mainstream investors and quantitative funds are getting bigger and bigger. Mainstream investors have basically not participated in the rise of the stock market so far in 2023, and the buying of quantitative funds has been pushing the market.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E8%82%A1%E4%B8%BA%E4%BD%95%E5%87%BA%E5%A5%87%E5%B9%B3%E9%9D%99-%E6%88%96%E5%9B%A0%E9%87%8F%E5%8C%96%E5%9F%BA%E9%87%91%E4%B8%BB%E5%AF%BC%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA-dade4449 
Theranos founder Holmes expected to be prison on Tuesday (Free Version) 
Author: Meghan Bobrowsky
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T06:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T04:28:00.000Z
Description: The founder of Theranos is expected to be jailed on Tuesday. The 11 -year sentence sentenced to a fraud investor for fraud, which represents this well -known Silicon Valley entrepreneur. The last chapter.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Theranos founder Homs(Elizabeth Holmes)It is expected that she will be imprisoned on Tuesday, and she will be sentenced to 11 years of prison for fraud investors, which represents the last chapter of the unreliable blood test technology of Silicon Valley in its company's unreliable blood test technology.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/theranos%E5%88%9B%E5%A7%8B%E4%BA%BA%E9%9C%8D%E5%A7%86%E6%96%AF%E6%96%99%E5%B0%86%E4%BA%8E%E5%91%A8%E4%BA%8C%E5%85%A5%E7%8B%B1%E6%9C%8D%E5%88%91-ca03aba6 
Pentagon: China refuses to let the two countries' defense ministers meet in Shangri -La, Singapore 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T06:14:31+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29 22:14:31Z
Description: The Pentagon stated on Monday (May 29) that Beijing rejected the invitation of the United States 'invitation of the United States' Minister of Defense Llayd Austin and the Chinese Minister of Defense Li Shangfu in Singapore.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '亚太', '中国', '军事', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-declines-meeting-with-us-defense-chief-pentagon-20230529/7114448.html 
Is it useful to limit the development of Chinese chip development export control? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T06:18:00Z
Description: The United States and its allies have recently increased their efforts to restrict China's advanced semiconductor chip manufacturing equipment. Experts said that these measures may affect the development of related industries in China, but this will also cause damage to American companies.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美']
Id: 65767213
The United States and its allies have recently increased their strength to limit the development of China's semiconductor industry (diagram)
(Voice of Germany) Japan announced on May 23 that the export control order of 23 semiconductor manufacturing equipment is limited It will take effect in July. This is after the United States and the Netherlands have taken similar restrictions on China, the Chinese semiconductor industry has once again faced pressure from the United States and its allies.
In October last year, the US government introduced a series of export control measures for advanced semiconductor chips. Since then, Washington has continued to lobby the Netherlands and Japan to follow up to limit the development of China's semiconductor industry.
China Semiconductor may be difficult to stand on its own 
A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Commerce stated in a statement that Beijing's "strong opposition" of Tokyo's export control, saying that this was an act of abuse of export control measures and violated the rules of free trade and international trade.
Some Chinese semiconductor industry executives also expressed concerns about the potential impact of the Japanese side's move. Experts said that this will "stifle" the possibility of China's future development of advanced semiconductor chips.
Liu Peizhen, an expert at the Asia -Pacific semiconductor industry of the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, told DW: "The development of China's semiconductor industry is likely to stop in the 14nm process. In the future, China cannot obtain advanced equipment from Japan, the United States or the Netherlands. It will be more difficult to surpass this level."
The nanometer process is related to different generations of chip manufacturing technology. At present, the most advanced 3 -nanometer process chip is mainly used for smart phones, while semiconductor chip manufacturing technology above 28 nanometers is more mature and mostly used for automotive or home electronic products.
The potential impact of Japan's export control on the Chinese semiconductor industry may also affect many related industries and manufacturers who produce consumer electronics.
Alex Capri, a Lecturer of the National University of Singapore, said: "The production of a large number of commercial chips is the hardest production technology, especially when you enter a smaller nano process."
ASML in the Netherlands (ASML) is an important manufacturer of global semiconductor manufacturing equipment (data photo)
He said that the current semiconductor industry chain is led by the United States, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and the Netherlands. Although the Chinese market is important for companies in these places, they are more likely to cooperate with Washington's policy. He told DW: "If these 5 places are involved in" Youkan Outsourcing "Although the event will pay a high price, in the middle and long term, they can still do it. "
Kapri said that it will be "almost impossible mission" for China to complete self -reliance in semiconductor manufacturing and development. He said that if the above -mentioned alliance is established, "it will hinder China's complete self -sufficient goal in the next few years, because this is really difficult."
Chinese President Xi Jinping emphasized the importance of pursuing the self -reliance of science and technology in the southern tour of Guangdong in April, and emphasized that this move is essential for promoting China's modernization. He called on Chinese companies to further improve their innovation capabilities and make greater progress in core technologies.
China Anti -US chip company 
In order to counter the US -led export control measures, the China Internet Information Office announced on May 21 that Micron, a US memory chip manufacturer, did not pass network security censorship, so China key infrastructure operators were prohibited from purchasing the company's products of the company's products. Essence
US Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo recently raised objections to Chinese Minister of Commerce Wang Wentao. Raymond Duo emphasized on the 27th that the United States resolutely oppose China's behavior against Micron Washington will not tolerate Beijing's ban on Micron.
Markmurphy, the chief financial officer of Micron, said on the 22nd that the company was evaluating the impact of the matter on its sales. He said at a meeting that it is estimated that the incident will affect the company's total revenue of hundreds of points -slightly slightly slightly influenced by the low -end technology; It is a percentage of high single digits.
Some analysts believe that Beijing's countermeasures for Micron are only "a trick", which may not cause serious damage to the company's business in China. This decision.
DEXTERROBERTS, a senior researcher at the Atlantic Council, told DW that both China and the United States "can adopt a politically popular and seem to be able to punish each other. contacts".
American memory chip manufacturer Micron (data photo)
1,000 enemies, self -damaging 800? 
The Chinese government said that Japan's export control measures will harm the interests of Chinese and Japanese enterprises and disrupt the global semiconductor industry; some US semiconductor companies and foreign governments have also warned the potential impact of joint export control measures.
Huang Renxun, CEO of the US chip company NVIDIA, told the British "Financial Times" that if the United States continues to submit restrictions on trade with China, the United States will also face the risk of seriously damage its own technology industry: "(China) can They buy (chip equipment) in the United States, they will build it by themselves. Therefore, the United States must be careful that China is a very important market for the technology industry. "
In addition, South Korea also urged the United States to re -consider the standards for semiconductor subsidies Essence South Korea is worried that if it is stipulated that enterprises can build new factories in China and other countries, they will not be able to build new factories in China and other countries, which will have a destructive impact on South Korea's semiconductor companies.
Capri, a National University of Singapore, said the United States -led measures have caused extensive damage to American companies and citizens -they may be banned from selling equipment to Chinese companies, or banned Chinese companies Washington included in the blacklist. Work.

"Although the U.S. government has decided to sanction in China, the Semiconductor IndustryAssociation believes that the government needs to sanction in a way that will not cause much harm to the United States or allies," said Luo Gu at the Atlantic Council.
Luo Gu admits that most companies investing in the United States also have strong commercial interests in China, so Washington and its allies will be difficult to implement these export control measures in a "strategic way."
"Some American companies depend on the Chinese market, and another thing that makes this problem more complicated is that semiconductor is a typical dual -purpose technology that can be applied daily and can also be used for weapon systems. What to restrict the lock ", he told DW.
Although Washington's measures have caused some damage to US companies, Luo Gu believes that it is still possible to promote the trade between Sino -US semiconductor companies without giving up export control measures.
"American companies can apply for a special license. If they are approved, they can continue to sell semiconductors or related manufacturing equipment (to China)." He told DW: "I think there will be more cases to reduce some pressure."
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美欲限縮中國晶片發展-出口管制有用嗎？/a-65767213?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Professional protests to force the demolition of Qing Mosque Yunnan Breaking Police and People Conflict 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T06:30:00Z
Description: The US media reported that a mosque in Yunnan, China was rumored to be forced by the authorities last weekend, which caused local Muslim protests and broke out of police conflicts. After Twitter was widely circulated, the local police posted that "a case that seriously abounded the order of social management has occurred, causing a bad social impact."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['穆斯林', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['中国', '宗教', '中国化', '伊斯兰教', '穆斯林']
Id: 65767189
In addition to the religious suppression of Islam in China, in addition to in Xinjiang, it has also spread to Yunnan in recent years.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) China has vigorously promoted religion in recent years "Chinese" , Mandatory rectification and demolition of multiple religious buildings. The United States "Washington Post" reported that multiple films circulating on the Internet showed that on May 27th, the local Muslims were forced to dismantle in order to prevent the appearance of the Arabic style of the mosque in the Muslocked Mosque and the police broke out in order to prevent the appearance of the Arabian style of the mosque.
A number of films circulating by Twitter showed that in the morning of the day, at least dozens of armed police in riot clothing held shields and batons, and they were guarding in front of the gate of the Mosque, which had a history of hundreds of years, and then conflicted with the masses. The two sides pushed each other, and some people threw debris towards the police and tried to demolish the engineering eagle. Another film shows that a small number of people still seem to sit quietly in front of the mosque after the night.
Some netizens contributed to Twitter accounts with "Teacher Li is not your teacher" with millions of fans that there were many conflicts on the 27th, and some people were injured and bleeding, and some were attacked by chili water. At present, the mosque has been damaged, the construction staff abandoned the car and the equipment escaped, and then many troops reinforced. Local seeking drones and large -scale signal shields appeared in the school playground.
According to public information on the Internet, the Narcades Mosque is currently the largest mosque in Yunnan Province. In 2018, it was announced as a cultural relics protection unit in Tonghai County. Essence The mosque was believed to be founded in the early 14th century, and today's architecture was rebuilt in 2001.
The Washington Post reported that the conflict may be related to a court judgment in 2020. The judgment ruled that some renovation projects of the mosque illegally and ordered demolition.
The Voice of Germany failed to independently confirm the above -mentioned online videos and netizens. Before the deadline, the Chinese authorities did not publicly explain the conflict process and reasons that happened last weekend in Nagu, Yunnan.
However, Tonghai County Police in Yuxi City has issued a "notice on urging relevant illegal suspects to invest in the case" on the official Weibo on the 28th. In the text, it was confirmed that on May 27, 2023, Nagu Town, Tonghai County, "a case of serious obstructing social management order has occurred, causing bad social impact." At present, the public security organs have filed a case in accordance with the law.
Police article calls on "the suspect of illegal criminals has changed from the new and strive for lenient treatment." Protect the people actively. "
The Washington Post pointed out that after calling the local phone number, he directly received a busy reply from the line. Actors speculate that the authorities have cut off the local mobile communication services. The Voice of Germany query Weibo on the 30th. After entering the "Yunnan Najiaying Mosque", the result shows: "Sorry, no related results are found."
More and more difficult Chinese Muslims 
In recent years, China has more restrained religious activities and buildings, and pushing "Sinicization". Christian religion and Islam are the primary goals. In addition to restricting religious gathering activities, international exchanges and donations, the appearance of religious buildings is not enough "Chinese style" to become a blow one of the reasons.
For Islamic religious persecution, Xinjiang is the most serious. China combines the "Sinicization" strategy with the so -called re -education. Last year, it was ruled by the United Nations that it may constitute anti -human crimes. The Washington Post reported that it is estimated that the number of mosques and San Tombs destroyed in Xinjiang has reached thousands. In recent years, the suppression has also spread to the Yunnan area. The International Religious Free Council (USCIRF) of the Federal Government issued an annual report in early May that the freedom of religion in China has continued to deteriorate in the past year, and it is recommended that the State Council continues to list China as "systematically, sustainable, and seriously violate religious freedom". Special attention (CPC).
Nightmare in "Re -Education Camp" for a year 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/傳抗議強拆清真寺-雲南爆警民衝突/a-65767189?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Russian drone attacking Kiev Mayor: at least one person was injured 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T06:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:05:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, Kiev, 29th) Vitali Klitschko, Mayor of Kiev, said that tonight, Russia's drone machine launched a "large -scale attack" on the Ukraine capital, causing at least one person to be injured. Nympho
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Kiev's military and political agencies said that night attacks were performed using drones.
Kiev's military and political agencies pointed out that the fragments of the fall caused a fire in a house in Darnytskyi, south of Kiev, and three cars in the city center of Pachesky are also fire.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E6%97%A0%E4%BA%BA%E6%9C%BA%E8%A2%AD%E5%87%BB-%E5%9F%BA%E8%BE%85%E5%B8%82%E9%95%BF-%E8%87%B3%E5%B0%911%E4%BA%BA%E5%8F%97%E4%BC%A4 
Erdogan's next center of gravity: Turkey's world status 
Author: Jared Malsin
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T06:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T03:13:00.000Z
Description: After overcoming the biggest election challenge, Turkish President Erdogan was shifting his energy to consolidate Turkey as a global country with great ambitions.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000928711
Type: Article
Conquer the biggest election challenge After that, Turkish President Erdogan(Recep Tayyip Erdogan)It is turning energy to consolidate Turkey's position as a global country with great ambitions.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%9F%83%E5%B0%94%E5%A4%9A%E5%AE%89%E7%9A%84%E4%B8%8B%E4%B8%80%E4%B8%AA%E9%87%8D%E5%BF%83-%E5%9C%9F%E8%80%B3%E5%85%B6%E7%9A%84%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C%E5%9C%B0%E4%BD%8D-c350e5a1 
China rejected the China -US Defense Minister to meet in Shangri -La dialogue 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T06:48
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T07:05
Description: The Wall Street Journal reported on Monday (May 29) that China rejected the US Defense Minister to meet during the Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore. The 20th Shangri -La dialogue will be held in Singapore from June 2nd to 4th. The Pentagon is written to the Wall Street Journal ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['香格里拉对话', '中美', '国防部长', '新加坡', '中美关系']
The Wall Street Journal reported on Monday (May 29) that China rejected the US Defense Minister to meet during the Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore.
The 20th Shangri -La dialogue will be held in Singapore from June 2nd to 4th.
In a statement written to the Wall Street Journal, the Pentagon said that the US Department of Defense invited Chinese State Councilor and Minister of Defense Li Shangfu in early May to meet with the US Defense Minister Austin in Singapore. "China has rejected our invitation on Sunday evening. "" ".
The statement said that the US Department of Defense believes that open communication "ensure that competition will not evolve into conflict."
Kobe, a spokesman for the White House National Security Council, revealed last week that the work of arranging Austin and Li Tongfu to perform dialogue continued.
The Chinese Ministry of Defense announced on Monday that Li Shangfu will be from May 31st to June 4th Invited to attend the Shangri -La dialogue and visit Singapore Essence During the meeting, Li Shangfu spoke on the conference on the issue of "China's New Security Initiative" and met with the head of the relevant national delegation. During the new visit, Li Shangfu will hold a meeting with the Singaporean government and the leaders of the defense department.
The Shangri -La dialogue is a multilateral forum initiated by the British Institute of Strategic Research and supported by the Singaporean government in 2002, named after being held at the Shangri -La Hotel in Singapore each year. Affected by the popularity of crown diseases, the Shangri -La dialogue in 2020 and 2021 was canceled.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399474 
Lai Qingde said that he wanted to dinner with Xi Jinping Mao Ning: There is no "vice president" in Taiwan 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T06:49:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:40:23-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Lai Qingde participated in the event in Kinmen on the 30th. Take from Lai Qingde Facebook
Lai Qingde, the Presidential Candidate of the Democratic Progressive Party and the current vice president of Taiwan, was recently invited to attend the "2024 Campus President Marathon" seminar held by the Political Department of Taiwan University and conduct a "quick question and answer" challenge with students. When asked about "Which head of state to go with dinner with the head of state most", Lai Qingde returned to "Xi Jinping" in seconds, and Lai Qingde said that if he had the opportunity to talk to Xi Jinping, he would persuade the other party to "relax and not have the pressure as much as pressure. "," The well -being of the people is the most important, and peace is good for everyone. "
Some foreign media reporters asked the spokesman Mao Ning on the 30th of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs on the 30th. Mao Ning's old bombs said: "Taiwan is part of China, there is no" vice president ". This is not a diplomatic issue. Comments. If the DPP authorities really care about the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait, the key is to adhere to a Chinese principle. "
Editor Chen Meihua
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/cmh1-05302023064801.html 
After questioning the sound of the sound, the human rights organization re -evaluated the free version 
Author: Austin Ramzy
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T06:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T05:34:00.000Z
Description: The International Terminal Organization said it is trying to confirm the whereabouts of a Uyghur scholar who disappeared in Hong Kong. Earlier, the Hong Kong government denied that this person entered Hong Kong, and it was reported on Monday that the man was still in South Korea.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际', '中国']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000929863
Type: Article
I amnesty(Amnesty International)Said that one of them is trying to confirm one Uighur scholar disappeared in Hong Kong The whereabouts. Earlier, the Hong Kong government denied that this person entered Hong Kong, and it was reported on Monday that the man was still in South Korea.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%B4%A8%E7%96%91%E5%A3%B0%E9%9F%B3%E5%87%BA%E7%8E%B0%E5%90%8E-%E4%BA%BA%E6%9D%83%E7%BB%84%E7%BB%87%E9%87%8D%E6%96%B0%E8%AF%84%E4%BC%B0%E7%BB%B4%E6%97%8F%E5%AD%A6%E8%80%85%E5%A4%B1%E8%B8%AA%E6%8A%A5%E5%91%8A-648d3155 
The economic recovery slowly returns to the streets in China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T06:51:00Z
Description: China's severe unemployment problem is impacting the country. Many cities have relaxed the control of hawkers, and Zibo barbecue is even more popular online. Can such a stall economics save the weak economy and youth unemployment?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['上海', '专题报道：中国经济何处去？']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '地摊', '地摊经济', '淄博', '上海']
Id: 65767207
A new wave of stall economics has set off in all parts of China. The picture shows a hawker in Dongguan, Guangdong Province in 2021 (data photo)
(Voice of Germany Chinese), although China has no longer carried out rigorous clearance new crown virus epidemic prevention policies, it corresponds to the economic situation of slow recovery this year , Many cities have relaxed the control of the stalls and hawkers, become a high -loss rate At the same time, solve new ways to employment problems and promote urban development.
Reuters reports that in the past few decades, street stalls and hawkers in other parts of Asia have been completely banned in many cities in China, or at least strict supervision, mainly because the government believes that they are unsatisfied. However, as the new crown epidemic was popular, China's life gradually returned to the right track, and hawkers reappeared on the streets of China.
In the case of imbalanced economic recovery, slow employment and wage growth, these hawkers want to set up stalls to increase their income. In addition, there are signs that many local governments in China are giving hawkers more space, and the outside world expects this trend to continue.
Pushing the cart in Shanghai to sell pastry in the bustling area of Shanghai, and Wang Chunxiang (transliteration) who played a mouse game with the authorities, said that doing clean female workers in Shanghai can only earn RMB 5,000 to 6,000 per month. However, the rent in Shanghai is too expensive. Even if it is a house with poor quality, the monthly rent is RMB 2,000 to 3,000.
Today, the 43 -year -old middle -aged man sells for a box of fifteen yuan a box of pastry on the street. When the business is good, he can earn about 10,000 yuan a month.
28 -year -old Wang Xuexue (transliteration) sells flowers in Shanghai riding a pedal car. She prefers to sell her products in a specific area. "Of course the government wants to catch us. Otherwise, we won't run so fast," said Wang Xuexue, who was still working in a flower shop not long ago.
The picture shows a hawker who sells flowers on the streets of Shanghai in 2022 (schematic diagram)
Local government relaxation policy 
Reuters reported that Shenzhen, as the China Science and Technology Center, has been prohibited from setting up on the street since 1999, but Shenzhen will relax the restrictions on the establishment of booths on the streets from September this year. Shanghai is also soliciting public opinions on the amendments to the preparation of the hawker regulations, and stated in April that 74 new stalls have been set up for hawkers.
The Lanzhou Government, located in the northwest of China, stated this month that the area of the designated stalls will be specified to encourage innovation and entrepreneurship. In addition, even if Chinese President Xi Jinping has previously said that Beijing, a political center without a street economy, can also see hawkers at tourist attractions.
In the first quarter of this year, household income increased by 3.8%, behind the 4.5%economic growth rate, and the employment market was still sluggish, and the unemployment rate reached a record high. Faced with such economic pressure, the hawkers still insist on setting up stalls under the risk of being fined or confiscated by products.
According to the previous data released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, in April this year, the urban youth unemployment rate of Chinese town from 16 to 24 reached a record high of 20.4%. In addition, this ratio may increase further in the future, because this year, it is expected that there will be a record 11.6 million college students graduating.
"Some local governments are facing tremendous pressure on stable local economy and employment markets, saying that it is natural to try to stabilize the local economy and employment markets.
CNN reported on May 16 that Stevetsang, director of the China Institute of Asia -Africa College, University of London, said, "It seems that Chinese leadership really cannot find it better than encouraging young people to become street hawkers. The method of creating employment, thereby maintaining stability and order. "
Many cities in China have begun to relax the restrictions of stalls this year. The picture shows newspapers and beverages sold by a bookstone on the streets of Beijing in 2020 (data photo)
barbecue economics in Zibo 
CNN reports that before the restrictions on the economic restrictions of the stalls in major cities in China, a small industrial city in Shandong Zibo, a little -known industrial city, was all the rage because of its outdoor barbecue stalls. Success.
Zibo is located in the eastern part of Shandong Province and is currently the most popular tourist destination in China. After its cheap barbecue videos, after the social media spread crazy, Zibo's tourism popularity surged in March.
Zibo's main food is barbecue skewers. In addition to cheap, each meal is only about RMB 30, and this small city is also known for its enthusiastic hospitality.
"The food here is very cheap." Jiang Yaru, a Zibo person who is working in Shanghai, said. She deliberately returned home during the May Day holiday, just to "eat barbecue and make fun."
The barbecue shop she has been to be crowded with people, and there are many young people from other places. Jiang Yaru believes that "the locals are very good and honest about strangers. I think this is the main reason for (Zibo's popular)." "For many tourists, this is a novel experience, because other tourist cities may not treat them well ",she says.
Thanks to this boom, Zibo's economy has grown 4.7%in the first quarter of this year, mainly benefiting from the promotion of retail, tourism and catering. At the same time, Zibo's first quarter consumption data soared 11%, turning a 2%decline in the first two months of this year.
Due to barbecue in Zibo, Shandong, it has become a popular tourist city in China.
Can the stall save the Chinese economy? 
CNN reports that the Chinese economy is dealing with more and more challenges. The important real estate market has fallen into the most serious decline since the record. After the government launched a supervision impact on the technology and education industries, China's business confidence declined. Multinational companies are uneasy due to the investigation of international consulting companies in China.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中國加強反間諜-諮詢公司涉危害國安遭查/a-65557271)Essence
In addition, foreign investment in China has declined sharply, and US -China relations have also been at the lowest point in decades, which has led to the upgrading of Sino -US tensions in technology and investment.
Luo Wen, director of the State Administration of Market Supervision and Management of China, provided more support for Chinese individual industrial and commercial households including street hawkers through the tax and social security system in April this year.Zibo changed from a small industrial town to a must -visit place for the people overnight, and also shocked the whole country. Some local governments in China sent officials to Zibo to study and tried to copy their success.
Alex Capri, a lecturer in the State University of Singapore, said: "Zibo is now a combination of pressure to solve the problem of unemployment and youth anxiety."
He believes that Chinese officials may use this small -scale new entrepreneurial approach to repel the increasing vital cynical wave between graduates of unemployed universities.
Zeng Ruisheng's interpretation, Zibo's success may reflect people's attention, but it also shows that people feel that they have become poorer. "If a person can afford it, who really prefers street food, not Michelin -starred restaurant?"
(Reuters, CNN)
After the new crown epidemic, the youth unemployment rate soared. The picture shows employees on a factory production line in Shenzhen in 2019 (information photo)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/經濟復甦緩慢-中國地攤重返街頭/a-65767207?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
North Korea confirmed that it will launch the first military reconnaissance satellite in June 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T06:53
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T07:11
Description: North Korea confirmed that it will launch military reconnaissance satellite No. 1 in June, which is the first time North Korea's launch time for the release of reconnaissance satellites. The Chaozhong News Agency reported on Tuesday (May 30) that Li Bingtie, deputy chairman of the Central Military Commission of the North Korean Labor Party, issued a statement on Monday on Monday, saying that it will be launched in June ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['朝鲜', '军事', '卫星']
North Korea confirmed that it will launch military reconnaissance satellite No. 1 in June, which is the first time North Korea's launch time for the release of reconnaissance satellites.
The Chaozhong News Agency reported on Tuesday (May 30) that Li Bingtie, deputy chairman of the Central Military Commission of the North Korean Labor Party, issued a statement on Monday in the North Korean Society saying that in June, the military reconnaissance satellite No. 1, as well as multiple reconnaissance tools that will launch and test. It is indispensable for strengthening North Korean military alerts for timely tracking, surveillance, identification, prefining and responding to the United States and its military operations.
Li Bingtie pointed out the scope of combat and surveillance of air reconnaissance weapons dispatched to the Korean Peninsula region, covering the northwestern part of North Korea, including the North Korean region and the core areas and capital circles, including North Korea, including the North Korean capital, which pose a serious threat to North Korea and neighboring countries.
He said that North Korea will comprehensively consider the current threats and potential threats and will fully strengthen the deterrent of war.
North Korea on Monday Notice to the Japanese government A artificial satellite will be launched from 0:00 to 00:00 on June 11th. After receiving the notification, Japan immediately entered the alert state; the Japanese Self -Defense Force received an order that if the missiles that transported the satellite fell into Japan, the interception missiles could be used to implement the block.
The Presidential Office of South Korea held a national security conference urgently to condemn that North Korea ’s launch satellite violated the UN Security Council’ s resolutions and warned that if North Korea was forcibly launched, it would bear the cost and pain. The South Korean government also issued a navigation alarm that aviation and navigators avoided the expected waters where the North Korean launch was expected to fall.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399475 
"Battle of Inheritance" reveals the reality of the American greed 
Creator: 库尔特·安德森
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-05-30T06:57:10+08:00
Description: The world in this play is closely related to reality. We should remember the non -restricted corruption of power, with money in exchange for the failure of happiness, and the confusion and fear brought by the reality and illusion of the United States. Illustration by Sam Whitney/The New York Times; Images by Macall B. Polay/HBO and Mike Segar/Reuters
Images: [" 29andersen-im... "]
Category: 观点与评论
Type: Article
 Like most wonderful cable TV series, for me -many things in contemporary life, "Battle of Inheritance"(Succession)Sadness and joy, both entertaining and horrible. This drama with a total of four seasons ushered in a 90 -minute finale on Sunday evening, and "Black Road Family"(Thesopran), "Fire"(The Wire),"breaking Bad"(Breaking Bad)In the same way, it can be ranked among the dark, stimulating, and amazing excellent cable TV dramas, depicting an environment closely related to crime, and also has important and major inspiration for our greedy American reality. But "Battle of Inheritance" did something that had not been done before.
On the surface, this drama blurred fiction and reality in a vivid and interesting way. But its X -factor, that is, it can resonate with such a deep resonance, is that the blur of the fiction and reality in the world in the world is a shocking comment on the fiction and reality in the world where our audience is in the world. No TV series can use its real -time approach to some characters and events in this way -and when life suddenly becomes so uncertain and unreal. "Battle of inheritance" lasted 41 hours, spanning for five years, bizarre and confused. In the last season, it led about 8 million viewers into its unique terror valley.
It is not flattering protagonist -a super -rich manipulator, and he has a huge media company with his respectable and cynical children -the outstanding model of social classes that everyone is hateful today. Quite a lot of Americans have begun to understand that in the past few decades, large enterprises and wealthy people have hijacked and corrupted our political economy. This drama resonated because during the same period, the integration of American television news (and politics) and the entertainment industry accelerated, and it played a vital role in the collapse of the country.
It was also in the 1980s and 1990s -at that time, a new consensus was formed in Washington. When the New Deal had passed, in New York, broadcast news only paid attention to ratings- "Time Spirit" became a cliché. Because authors like me started to use it too much. "Battle of inheritance" perfectly seized the spirit of the current era, as well as all of the confusion and contradictions. Of course, the people's anxiety for the elites, the manipulating system, and the inequality of the 1920s are also part of the second gold -plated era. At least 53 million people watched the "VOGUE" magazine in the rich and celebrities filmed in May 1st to attend Metgala Video Essence The huge budget of HBO allows this drama to show a private aircraft that is dying at any time and the luxurious scenes that require hundreds of temporary actors.
advertise
"Film novels" based on well -known figures and real events(novel key)Since the 17th century, it has been very popular, especially in the past 100 years, from "Gentle Night"(Tender Is The Night)To "The Female Devil Wear Plada"(The Devil Wears Prada), And "Citizen Kane" in the meantime(CitizenKane)——The film is based on the establishment of a strong newspaper, magazine, and film company group, William Lundorph Hrst. Today, "Ji" has become the "Kane" in its own type and media, and is the grand film of our time. Logan Roy, his Westa-Royko Group and its "American TV Network"(ATN)Obviously, the current Herst -Rupert Murdoch, his news group, Fox and Fox News as the prototype.
The main theme of the past ten years is that real life is often so similar to the novel -the first black president is then a series of reality stars who have failed business, and then they are popular. Every month is amazing and terrible New miracle of artificial intelligence. "This kind of thing can't be edited," people said. But for the strange incidents that we have survived the endless incident by humor, a new cultural rhetoric is addictive: imagine all this is fictional, and any impossible news is TV series, movies or digitals. The plot turning in the simulation.
The creativity of the screenwriters has been exhausted (Donald Trump flew back to the White House after receiving the new crown hospitalization, and staged the Mussolini -style balcony time). This new drama is too "later" (Ukrainian comedian who plays an ordinary person who plays the president is really a president), which is too incredible (he prevented a shiny war of a supernatural tyrant). The last episode of that season was really playing randomly (one · 6 incident). Then the hearing of the 1st · 6th Incident Committee last year -the effect was amazing, because it was carefully produced by a former ABC News CEO, an unprecedented 10 episodes of multimedia TV series.
However, as far as the United States is concerned, the vagueness of reality and fantasy is not just as simple as it is fascinating. Confusion is a good show of Americans, and also where interests have become a fundamental national habit -from P. T. Banham to Hollywood, from TV gospel to reality shows, it is this habit that makes the United States the United States Become the center of the global entertainment industry. Our wise ancestors still built a wall between the important reality here and the entertainment and fiction there, and set up effective sectors to decide which side of a wall.
In the past half a century, these barriers have gradually gradually collapsed. Americans have changed from a chronic disease to a kind of acute and severe disease, and the spread of entertainment and spread to the entire real world. The most serious is the spread to our information and political system. For this phenomenon, The most responsible is the sources of inspiration of Logan Roy and ATN in reality. At the beginning of this season, Logan told his children: "I love you, but you are too unable to adjust." This can be said to the United States that people in this country now feel that they have the right to have their own facts Just like your own point of view.
The screenwriters and producers of "Battle of Inheritance" strictly insist on depicting the plot of large enterprises, pursuing power for the power itself, and the life appearance in the super rich bubble. Unfortunately, even deliberately stacked and exhausted their brains. Its understanding of senior capitalists is also in place. Most people are not real right -wing believers like Billionaire Charles Koch and Peter Terr, but more like Logan or Rurth Murdoch: Of course, they are the right wing, mainly for individuals, mainly because of individuals. The reason for "greedy is virtue". But for Murdoch and Logan, creating a series of worrying and misleading news propaganda for the issues they do not care about them are only seizing business opportunities and competing with similar programs of friends with their products.
advertiseThere are two opposite risks to write realistic personal and events: one is excessive performance, and "Battle of Inheritance" has never been excessive, and the other is too truthful. It should be pursuing extremely close but never truly touched the harsh reality, just like the magnetic suspension technology makes the high -speed train miraculously floating above the track a few centimeters.
The creator and executor of the play Jesse Armstrong made several major choices that seriously deviated from reality. Our big epidemic has not happened in the world of characters. They almost never mentioned real public figures or companies. The date is not mentioned at all. This is a drama about contemporary news media and politics, which avoids directly handling race and racism or awakening or other cultural wars. The presidential candidate of the main political parties is played by the 54 -year -old and 42 -year -old actor -it is extremely inconsistent with the current reality, but I have no opinion. The most strange thing is that the two words "Republican" and "Democrats" have never been mentioned, which may better complain about the entire system's cynic and corruption.
The setting of the Roy family seems to be compared with reality. Logan is indeed an elderly and powerful, legendary Anglo immigrant. The media empire he founded includes a TV channel that supplys right -wing comments and news. But his success was basically written by him. Murdoch did not decide to sell his entertainment assets to a startup startup of Netflix Fan Er -all of them were Rocky(Loki)Swedes like that. And he was not from scratch, it was the family business inherited from his father in the 1950s.
But like Logan, Murdoch had several wives; similarly, he also gave birth to two sons and a daughter with one of them, and these children have fiercely competed for the successor. Like KF's Roy, James Murdoch has also attended a high school of Hengyu Division and Harvard University (also participated in the work of the school magazine "Harvard Miaowen"), and also rap enthusiasts. But unlike KFC, James Merck is amazing, just as Mo Lin Dade wrote in 2020. People who know Murdoch's two sons say, "James is the wisdom of the two brothers' smart The 'that' is also the more interesting one, "this shows that Roman is at least similar to him. The most like James Murdoch is Hifa, who holds ATN's liberalist, but she is obviously very similar to Elizabeth Murdoch, who married a media planner and in the battle of inheritance. Early marginalized, according to the New York Times in 2019, she was denied Report She had urged "his father to fire James and let her replace it."
During the seven years of creation and broadcast, this drama has always jumped back and forth between fiction and reality. On November 8, 2016, all actors read the first episode of the first episode for the first time, and on the same day, the exaggerated plot in our real world surpassed the fiction. It is reported When Murdoch divorced the fourth wife, Jerry Hall, the agreement asked her not to provide the screenwriter with the story -this fact itself can already bring inspiration to the screenwriters of this play. At the end of the second season, KFC betrayed his father in a strong manner. After that, the production of the show was interrupted due to the epidemic, and real life completely performed the "Battle of inheritance"; in eight months, James Murdoch resigned, and Trump tried to overthrow the results of the election illegally, and the companies that supplied the voting machine for the election had told Fox News to know the criminals and repeatedly lying.
advertise
James Murdoch told Dodd that he left the family business because Fox News confused what was false and what was true. "Conflict can exist," he said. "But you can't bring private goods. Conflict should not be an excuse for the legitimacy of false information." He also said, "I believe that for excellent news agencies, the mission should be to dispel doubts, rather than the seeds that spread suspicion. Cover the truth."
In the 39 episodes of the Battle of inheritance, I don't remember which Roy family member or other characters have published similar insights on the nature, news and free opinions markets of the truth, news, and free opinions. Sincerity. "Your principle? You have no principles."
The superb skills of the screenwriters make the fiction unlimited close to reality, but not fusion. In a play, the climax is too close to reality, allowing the audience to hear the harsh noise of the plot over the major truth: the election night plot broadcast two weeks ago, the scene was basically located in the ATN headquarters. From the beginning of this series of dramas, the choice of the producer's intuition (in my opinion is also correct) is to never show the content of ATN production or playback. A realistic plot episode describing TV production is almost impossible to call. If the characters in the play also report and comment on the recent real events (such as HBO's "News Editor Room"), the response is likely to be quite bad.
The general election night described in "Battle of Inheritance" is the combination of the past two reality elections. In 2016, a Republican candidate who was friendly to fascist attitude accidentally won, and in 2020, Fox News boldly and accurately concluded at midnight and accurately concluded The candidate lost Arizona, followed by the turbulence of the Swing State for several days until he finally acknowledged the defeat.
In the election night in the play, the children of the Roy family were busy in the news editor room, and in real time, they controlled the details of the report. (As far as we know, Murdoch has never done such a thing.) They announced regardless of the fictional Republican candidates who have a friendly attitude towards fascism. The reason why they did this was to exchange for the collaboration of a candidate for a business plan. As a result, a blatant and corrupt non -democratic election was caused by a coincidence that the former president who was friendly to fascist attitude in reality claimed that this was this that this was this is that this was this that this was this that this was it. What happened in himself in 2020.
For those who were scarlet with unexpected victory in 2016, and then tortured by the long waiting of the final result in 2020, they are now scared for Trump's prospects for Trump in 2024, "" The worst case of inheritance in the battle of inheritance is completely experienced the trauma and induced the inner fear. But I think the problem of this plot is not here.
advertise
The evidence we see now shows that Fox knows that the conspiracy theory that the election results promoted by the election in 2020 are wrong. The reason why it spreads this conspiracy theory is to cater to the preferences of the audience. As for the critical juncture that may determine its life and death in reality, "Battle of Inheritance" uses such a super realist method to depict an alternative fact of recent elections, so as to tease the audience's doubts and fear. It is irresponsible.In the end, ATN's corruption and corruption of ATN may have no effect, because the results of Wisconsin State are still unreasonable, and the bad guys supported by the Roy family seem to win the coupon. But these plots were brought by hastily. As for the future of democracy and the country? This has nothing to do with their important things.
The plot of the last episode once made us believe that the children of the Roy family matured a bit, at least they could feel the feelings of ordinary people, such as playing in the sea and playing in the kitchen of their mother late at night. However, on the cold working day, they were still so selfish. Roman escaped, and Hifa took out the means to deserve his name (SHIV [Shiv] also had a razor -translation), and KFC's ending showed that as long as the Prince Party is willing, a person's life is the most true in life. The firm facts can be a bubble. "Battle of inheritance" does not grow with redemption characters. It is a beautiful ugliness from beginning to end.
At the end of, the drama successfully made the details that inspired and urged it in the real world to clear the boundaries. It creates its own fictional world. But this world is strongly related to our real world. Over time, the rumors about the children of the Roy family (and Tom!) Will eventually calm down, and the debate with their luxurious and exquisite life or temptation or disgust will dissipate. What should be remembered is the truth about the corruption effect of power unrestrained in the play. People who are in high levels are unimaginable. The confusion, confusion, and fear brought.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/opinion/20230530/succession-finale/ 
How does AI help Nvidia move towards the "trillion market value club"? (Free version) 
Author: Asa Fitch
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T07:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T07:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T05:30:00.000Z
Description: Nvidia's stock price surged more than 24%last Thursday, a record high. Earlier, the company stated that AI prosperity is being transformed into a record of sales. This makes people more believe that the new era in the calculation field is coming faster than before.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000921581
Type: Article
30 years ago at Danny Restaurant(Denny’s)Nvidia, inspired by a discussion and born from this(NVIDIA, NVDA)Now the nucleus of the AI Revolution Heart, and is about to become the first market value reaches $ 1 trillion Chip company.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/ai%E6%98%AF%E5%A6%82%E4%BD%95%E5%8A%A9%E5%8A%9B%E8%8B%B1%E4%BC%9F%E8%BE%BE%E8%BF%88%E5%90%91-%E4%B8%87%E4%BA%BF%E5%B8%82%E5%80%BC%E4%BF%B1%E4%B9%90%E9%83%A8-%E7%9A%84-ff2efb54 
150 fighters in large aircraft exercises in Finland and NATO allies participating 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T07:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Helsinki, 29th) Finland officially joined the North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) a few weeks ago. As the latest member of this league, Finland started a more than a dozen countries and a total of 150 fighters participating in the air military exercises. Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Henrik Elo, who presided over the exercise, told AFP that "the exercise started today. We are currently undergoing the first big wheel."
Military and fighters from 14 countries will participate in military exercises in the past two weeks. The exercise location is mainly in northern Sweden. There are 12 countries in these 14 countries as members of NATO.
Yilo pointed out: "As the exercise progresses, the situation will gradually become more difficult."
After Finland, which has a 1,300 -kilometer border with Russia, has given up its military unrest from decades, and has become the latest member of NATO in April this year, but this Nordic country has been one of the partners of this cross -Atlantic military alliance since the 1990s.
France, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Czech Republic and the United States.
Yilo said: "This is one of the largest exercises currently organized."
This exercise will be unveiled by the simulation defense operation of the protection airspace from attack, and then the offensive elements such as air -to -ground attack will be used.
NATO can monitor the equivalent of Poland ’s land early warning aircraft (AWACS) will also participate in the military exercise.
Yiluo said that it is very important to be able to "coordinate with our NATO allies and partners on the performance of different equipment. This is very important."
The US State Department said the Secretary of State Antony Blinken is expected to go to Finland this week.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E8%8A%AC%E5%85%B0%E4%B8%8E%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E7%9B%9F%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%A7%E5%9E%8B%E7%A9%BA%E4%B8%AD%E5%86%9B%E6%BC%94-150%E6%9E%B6%E6%88%98%E6%9C%BA%E5%8F%82%E4%B8%8E 
U.S. President Biden criticized Uganda anti -homosexual law "shame" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (阿图玛尼)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T07:07:51+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-29 23:07:51Z
Description: U.S. President Joe Biden condemned Uganda's new anti -homosexuality, calling it "shameful" and "violations of the tragedy of universal human rights."
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '非洲', '人权']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-president-calls-uganda-s-anti-gay-law-shameful-20230529/7114471.html 
It is suspected that the Russian training spy White whale is now traveled to the outside of Sweden 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T07:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T07:05:02+00:00
Description: (Stockholm, 29th), the white whale tied to a strap on his head appeared in Norway in 2019. It is speculated that it is a "spy White Whale" that has been trained by the Russian Navy. The Conservation Organization said today that the White Whale is now in the sea outside Sweden.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This white whale was initially discovered in the FINNMARK area in Norway. After half a section of the Norwegian coastal line has been slowly moved for more than 3 years, it has accelerated the lower half of the coast line in recent months, and then came to Sweden.
The male White Whale was witnessed yesterday in the southwestern Sweden Hunnebostrand.
Sebastianstrandrandrandrad, Onewhale Marine Biologist, told Agence France -Presse, "We don't know why it accelerates so fast now", especially it "is leaving its natural habitat very quickly."
"Maybe hormones drive it to find a partner, or it may be because of loneliness. White whale is a very good social species. It may be looking for other white whales."
Shi Chuande said that the white whale, which is believed to be about 13 or 14 years old, "is in a period of a very high hormonal concentration in the body."
However, the nearest White Whale Group is located in the Savalbard Islands in the north of Norway.
It is believed that after the White Whale arrived in Norway in April 2019, he has never seen other similar types.
Norwegians named HVALDIR for this white whale, combining the "HVAL" in Norwegian texts in combination with the common word DIMIR of Russians, suggesting that this white whale is associated with Russia.
When the white whale appeared in the Norwegian Arctic region for the first time, the marine biologist of the Norwegian Fisheries Bureau removed a artificial strap on it.
This strap is attached to the bracket that can be installed with sports cameras, as well as the words "St. Petersburg device" printed on plastic buckles.
Officials of the Norwegian Fisheries Bureau said that the white whale didn't seem to be afraid of people, and it may have escaped a circle of custody and may be trained by the Russian Navy.
The Moscow authorities have never issued any official response to Norwegian as the saying that White Whales may be "Russian spies".
The Barents SEA, located in Norway and northern Russia, is a strategic geopolitical area. Western countries and Russian submarines are monitored in this area.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E7%96%91%E6%9B%BE%E5%8F%97%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E8%AE%AD%E7%BB%83-%E9%97%B4%E8%B0%8D%E7%99%BD%E9%B2%B8%E7%8E%B0%E8%B8%AA%E7%91%9E%E5%85%B8%E5%A4%96%E6%B5%B7 
Bai Hou Shan's positive Empire: FREE Version, the leader of China's leading electric vehicle industry 
Authors: ['白艾德']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-30T07:39:28+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T03:21:99+08:00
Description: Rongbai Technology occupies a key material market for electric vehicle batteries, and has an ambitious expansion plan, including in South Korea and Europe and the United States.
Images: []
Themes: ['电池']
Keywords: ['电池', '容百科技', '电动汽车', '白厚善', '供应链', '绿色经济']
Type: Article
A billionaire in China who started and obsessed with metallurgy brought a fundamental challenge to the traditional automotive industry, and the industry was struggling to compete with China in the field of electric vehicles and batteries.
As Rongbai Technology listed in Shanghai(RonbayTechnology)The founder and chairman of the 59 -year -old Bai Hou Shan dominated a key part of the global battery positive market. The positive pole is the core component of the battery of electric vehicle, accounting for 30%to 50%of the cost of components.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099803 
The residential area of Moscow was attacked by a drone, and no one claimed to be responsible for this. 
Author: Thomas Grove
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T07:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T07:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T06:33:00.000Z
Description: The Russian government said on Tuesday that Moscow, including residential areas, was attacked by drones. This was the first attack on Russia's hinterland civilian area since the invasion of Ukraine last year.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
The Russian government said on Tuesday that Moscow, including residential areas, was attacked by drones. This was the first attack that Russia had encountered in the hinterland civilian area since the invasion of Ukraine last year, and Kiev passed another night in the air strike.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%8E%AB%E6%96%AF%E7%A7%91%E4%BD%8F%E5%AE%85%E5%8C%BA%E9%81%AD%E6%97%A0%E4%BA%BA%E6%9C%BA%E8%A2%AD%E5%87%BB-%E5%B0%9A%E6%97%A0%E4%BA%BA%E5%AE%A3%E7%A7%B0%E5%AF%B9%E6%AD%A4%E8%B4%9F%E8%B4%A3-9e48a32e 
EU senior officials: Russia still wants to win the battle or not to negotiate 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T07:55
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T07:55
Description: EU chief diplomat believes that Russia still wants to win in Ukraine, and at this stage is unwilling to negotiate. Reuters reports that the EU ’s senior representative of Foreign and Security Policy Berrelli on Monday (May 29) attended the event in Barcelona that he was on the Russia and Ukraine War this year ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['欧盟', '俄乌战争', '俄罗斯', '谈判']
EU chief diplomat believes that Russia still wants to win in Ukraine, and at this stage is unwilling to negotiate.
Reuters reported that the EU ’s senior representative of Foreign and Security Policy Burlei on Monday (May 29) attended the event in Barcelona that he was“ not optimistic ”about the end of the Russian and Ukraine’ s war at the end of this summer.
"I see both parties gather the army, and Russia's determination to win this war is obvious."
He said that Russia is still fighting for victory, and it is impossible to negotiate now, not to mention Moscow has repeatedly stated that before achieving its military goals, it will never stop military operations in Ukraine.
According to Agence France -Presse, Russia rarely launched a series of missile attacks to Kiev, the capital of Ukraine during the day, and a large number of people ran to the ground to take refuge.
This is Russia's second time within 24 hours launched attack to Kiev It caused an explosion in many places.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399477 
ESPN: The former Tyrannosaurus Teacher Nas agreed to take charge of the 76ers 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T08:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T07:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New York, 29th) According to the US sports media ESPN report today, Nick Nurse, who has led the Toronto Tyrannosaurus to win the 2019 NBA championship, has agreed to become the new head coach of the 76ers of Philadelphia Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 
纳斯在执教第5个赛季后与暴龙队于4月分道扬镳，纳斯2020年时还拿下NBA年度最佳教练奖。
报导引述未具名消息人士表示，纳斯将接手费城76人队。今年76人队在NBA东区准决赛中将塞尔蒂克队逼入抢7局面，不过最终仍是输给对手，这也使76人队总教练瑞佛斯(DocRivers)于本月稍早遭到解雇。
76人队在瑞佛斯带领下，连续3个球季在季后赛同一轮中失利。
76人队上一次赢得NBA总冠军是在1983年，但今年队中拥有NBA最有价值球员暨得分王恩比德(Joel Embiid)以及明星后卫哈登(JamesHarden)，这是他们自2001年以来首次尝试进入NBA总决赛。
纳斯和76人队篮球事务总裁摩瑞(Daryl Morey)相识于纳斯在火箭队任教的2年期间，当时摩瑞是火箭队的总经理。
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230530-espn-%E5%89%8D%E6%9A%B4%E9%BE%99%E9%98%9F%E6%95%99%E5%A4%B4%E7%BA%B3%E6%96%AF%E5%90%8C%E6%84%8F%E6%89%A7%E6%8E%8C76%E4%BA%BA%E9%98%9F 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-05-30T08:08:59
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T13:31:26
Description: Mayor Moscow, the capital of Russia, said that the city and its surrounding areas were attacked by rare drones on the morning of the 30th, causing "minor" damage to the building, but no casualties.
Images: [" 33GJ64A-highr... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 After it is reported that a drone attack occurred in Moscow, a security personnel pointed at a multi -story apartment building
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/5/30/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-345 
From June 4 to A4: Overseas Chinese of the two generations talk about political resistance 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (赵楠旭)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T08:13:19+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 14:45:21Z
Description: On the occasion of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th, a group of old -generation democratic movements in Paris, France held a "from June 4th to A4" with the new generation of young people. The two generations of resistances shared their personal participation in political struggle. It is expected that some young people participating in white paper sports this year will join the ranks of the June 4th commemorative.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['纪念六四', '人权', '中国', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/two-generations-of-oversea-chinese-on-political-protest-05292023/7114517.html 
Wildfire raging tens of thousands of people from the East Coast of Canada to withdraw from their homes 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T08:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T08:05:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Ottawa, 29th) Canadian officials said today that wildfires that have been raging across the country have threatened Halifax on the east bank.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The fire in the northwest of Halifax was out of control, forcing residents of the suburban residents to evacuate immediately. Since the authorities announced the emergency last night, the fire has not yet expanded.
The TV screen shows that there are strong smokes in the place where wildfires are all over, and several houses and vehicles have been burned. Fortunately, there was no report of the casualties.
Tim Houston, the governor of Norvada, said the situation in the province was "nervous"; The city is facing the fire and disaster situation of "never see".
Saviggi said at a press conference: "Since yesterday, the fire has not expanded (evacuation zone), which indicates that the fire may have stabilized ... but the situation is quite dangerous."
Today, with the wind, the wildfire in the Harry Fax region was blowing back to the original direction.
Officials said that the wildfire in the province of Navasco requires a lot of rainfall to control, but the weather forecast shows that the rainfall has a slim rainfall this week.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E9%87%8E%E7%81%AB%E8%82%86%E8%99%90%E5%8A%A0%E6%8B%BF%E5%A4%A7%E4%B8%9C%E5%B2%B8-%E6%95%B0%E4%BB%A5%E4%B8%87%E8%AE%A1%E4%BA%BA%E6%92%A4%E7%A6%BB%E5%AE%B6%E5%9B%AD 
Venice Grand Canal dyed green confirmed as non -toxic fluoresceinin 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T08:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T08:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Venice, 29th) The local government said today that a section of a river in the Grand Canal in Italy is amazingly transformed into fluorescent green. Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Residents of Venice noticed that a river channel of the Grand Canal became bright green on the 28th, prompting police to conduct investigations, and people speculated that this might be a gimmick for environmentalists.
The Veneto Environmental Prevention and Protection Bureau (Arpav) said the analysis showed that "fluorescein in the collected samples."
The statement said that "there are toxic elements in samples that are not displayed in the analysis," but the authorities do not specifically explain the source of fluorescence.
According to the "La Nuova Venezia", residents were surprised to notice that the river was colorful. Police were investigating whether the river channel was turned green on the 28th as a protest of climate change activities.
This is not the first time the Grand Canal has turned green.
Argentine artist Nicolas Garcia Uriburu During the 34th Venice Biennale in 1968, the Venice Grand Canal waters were dyed with fluorescent dyes to increase ecological consciousness through gimmicks.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E5%A8%81%E5%B0%BC%E6%96%AF%E5%A4%A7%E8%BF%90%E6%B2%B3%E6%9F%93%E7%BB%BF-%E7%A1%AE%E8%AE%A4%E4%B8%BA%E6%97%A0%E6%AF%92%E8%90%A4%E5%85%89%E7%B4%A0 
China strengthens cultural control, and the talk shows and music performances are canceled in many places 
Creator: 王月眉
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-05-30T08:41:04+08:00
Description: The reason for the cancellation of the performance is "force majeure". Recent incidents have shown that China has been in a stricter and stricter censorship. Earlier, Xi Jinping has taken art culture as the main target of ideological struggle. Tingshu Wang/Reuters talk show company Swordsman Culture Media's performance venue in Beijing. A performer of the company was accused of insulting soldiers in a joke, and Xiao Guo was fined 13.35 million yuan by the government.
Images: [" 00china-cultu... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 Activities have been canceled all over the country: a Japanese monk singer canceled the Chinese tour, several cities suspended the talk show, and the bar in Beijing canceled jazz. For a few days, more than a dozen performances were suddenly canceled, and some were a few minutes before the original performance time, and there was almost no explanation.
Before these performances were canceled, the relevant parties in Beijing For a Chinese comedy studio 13.35 million yuan was fined because the government accused a talk show of the studio insulting soldiers in a joke; in a city in the north, the police also detained a woman who defended the comedian online.
These punishments and a series of dismisses that have followed have shown that China has been facing stricter and stricter censorship. Xi Jinping, the supreme leader of China, has regarded art and culture as the main target of ideological struggle. It requires artists to combine their creative ambitions with the goal of the Communist Party of China to promote the nationalist vision of the Chinese people's identity. The performers must submit the script or program single in advance, and all kinds of publications are also closely supervised.
Xi Jinping wrote to the Chinese Art Museum on Tuesday to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the establishment of the museum to remind staff to "adhere to the correct political direction."
Xi Jinping's emphasis on art is part of his efforts that he pays more extensively and is committed to eliminating the efforts of the so -called foreign harsh influence. The authorities have been searched for several Western consulting or advisory companies in China in China in recent weeks, and expanded the scope of applicable to the anti -spy law.
Xi Jinping, the highest leader of China, reminded the staff in the Museum to "adhere to the correct political direction" during the China Art Museum on Tuesday. POOL Photo by Florence Lo
Many canceled performances are said to have foreign performers or singers.
As the relationship between China and the West continues to deteriorate, the government is more unusually dependent on and maintaining the control of domestic power. It is unexpected to invest in the cultural field. explain.
advertise
"One of the reactions to the anxiety of regime is to further strengthen control," Zhang Ping (pseudonym "Changping") said. "A specialized government, managing the people's cultural entertainment, management theory, management laughter, management crying, never."
Although the Chinese Communist Party has long controlled arts for a long time -considered that the "Revolution" was not considered enough to be creative works in Cultural Revolution The reason for criticism -but the intensity of this control has increased greatly under Xi Jinping's leadership. In 2021, the Chinese Performance Industry Association with the background of the government released Performing Artists' Practice Specifications The requirements include the requirements of "love the motherland and support the party's route policy and policy". In the same year, the government banned " Mother Cannon "On TV, accused them of weakening the country.
A bookstore in Zibo, China. The authorities are strictly controlled by literary works. Qilai shen for the new york times
Officials have also begun to pay attention to the talk show. This kind of performance is limited irony Chinese contemporary life has provided rare platforms, and has become more and more popular in recent years. The government had fined a talk show actor because he joked with Shanghai's new crown city last year. An article published by the CCP's mouthpiece "People's Daily" last November comment article To say, there must be "moderate" to talk about jokes, and pointed out that the talk show is an exotic product as an art form; the name of the talk show itself is the transliteration of "Talk Show".
Recently, an anonymous user on social media complains about the popular talk show actor Li Haoshi in Beijing on May 13 this year. Li Haoshi said that watching the two stray dogs he adopted chased the squirrels, it reminded him of the PLA's slogan of "good style and victory". The user hinted that Li Haoshi compared the PLA to a wild dog.
Nationalist users in social media are so angry that the authorities immediately have a big deal of the matter. In addition to the fine of Li Haoshi's brokerage company Xiaoguo Culture Media, the company's performance in Beijing and Shanghai also suspended the company. The authorities said that Li Haoshi's jokes caused "bad social impact." Xiao Guo Culture has fired him, and the Beijing police stated that he was investigating it.
During the few hours after the punishment was announced on Wednesday, Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, and the organization of the Shandong Provincial Organization Talk Show all canceled the performance. A few days later, the Chinese social media platform suspended the account of "Uncle Roger", the real name of "Uncle Roger" Huang Jinyu(Nigelng)It is a Malaysian comedian who lives in the UK. He has posted a joke of the Chinese government on Twitter (being prohibited by mainland China). Video Essence
advertise
But the impact of this incident seems to be limited to talk show performances. The original music performance has also begun to disappear, including a foreign member Shanghai Rock Band Performance in southern China, a folk music festival in Beijing and several jazz performances, and a Canadian rapper Performance in Changsha, southern city."I am listed the program list, but I stopped halfway," Pharmacist Si Kuanbang on his Facebook page Write , His brokerage company did not reply to the reporter's comment request. "I still don't understand what the incident is? I just feel regret now."
Almost all organizers who cancel the event use the saying "force majeure" in the announcement, which means that the organizer cannot control the situation. In China, the word is often a brief expression of government pressure.
The talk show organizer did not reply to the reporter's comment request. Some of the canceled concerts have denied that they are required not to participate in foreign performers. The Nanjing Culture and Art Center has canceled the classic concert of Sakamoto Ryo's classic work. One employee of the center said that the reason for canceling is that the box office is not good.
The organizers temporarily canceled many music performances on the grounds of "force majeure". The picture shows a performance held by a Chinese rock band last year in Qinhuangdao. Wu hao/ePA, viashutterstock
Some foreign musicians who were canceled can be performed in other cities or places.
But a foreign musicians in Beijing said that his band was scheduled to perform on a bar on Sunday, but a few days ago, the bar told him that the performance had been canceled because some foreigners participated in the performance would cause trouble. The musician was not named because of fear of being retaliated.
advertise
Wang Huiling, a professor of Chinese politics at the University of Toronto, Wang Huiling( Lynette Ong )It is said that it is unlikely that the direct instructions issued by the central government have caused this round of cultural blows. She said that this may be caused by local governments or venue owners who realized the changes in the political environment.
"In Xi Jinping's China, people are very afraid and fear, so that they become extremely unwilling to take risks," she said. "In general, the CCP is a very suspicious party."
In the past, when nationalism went to extremes or local officials were enthusiastically executed the rules, the central government eventually involved in letting the tone cool down. This part was to maintain economic or diplomatic relations. However, Wang Huiling said that the Chinese government's emphasis on national security is higher than everything, so there is no reason to intervene in this matter.
"If people don't watch the talk show, there is no loss for the party," she said.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230525/china-comedy-music-crackdown/ 
Beijing Changfeng Hospital's fire exposes the defects of the Chinese pension system 
Creator: 王月眉,JOY DONG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-05-30T08:41:30+08:00
Description: The fire exposes the current situation of the disabled elderly people in private hospitals, and also reflects the dilemma of the Chinese people. Due to the limited public medical resources, many family members of disabled can only choose private institutions that have not obtained nursing service permits. Mark Schiefelbein/Associated Press last month, police and security guards outside Beijing Changfeng Hospital.
Images: [" 00china-hospi... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 Beijing -this hospital in southern Beijing propagates that it is specifically treating blood vessel tumors, especially the benign birthmarks that often appear on babies.
However, in the hospital in the hospital last month Among the fires that caused at least 29 people, many victims came here for another reason: they are disabled elderly people who receive nursing. Some of them have stayed in this private hospital for several months or even years. The hospital does not provide qualifications for long -term elderly care.
The tragedy of Changfeng Hospital is the worst fire that has occurred in the Chinese capital over 20 years, and it has once again examined a long -term problem. The Chinese population is rapidly aging, and it is expected that by 2040, 400 million people will exceed 60, accounting for nearly 30%of the total population. But medical resources have not kept up; According to official statistics As of the end of 2020, there were only about 8 million nursing homes or elderly care beds.
Authorities have realized the urgency of solving the problem of this shortage, Beijing's latest five -year plan commitment By 2025, the number of beds was increased to 9 million. But there are still many obstacles.
advertise
In a culture that emphasizes the responsibility of children's care for parents, the social stigma of retirement or nursing institutions is still common. Even if they are willing to accept nursing institutions, public institutions often have a long waiting list, and private institutions -not within the scope of public medical insurance -may be expensive.
Experts said that there is another problem that medical institutions must first obtain qualifications for providing nursing services. This process becomes complicated due to bureaucracy and lack of training staff. Therefore, some private companies who want to meet the needs of the elderly have chosen underground operations.
People who exercise in a park in Beijing. The Chinese population is rapidly aging. By 2040, it is expected that 400 million people will be more than 60, accounting for nearly 30%of the total population. Gilles Sabrié Forthe New York Times
According to official media reports Local officials are investigating whether Changfeng Hospital illegally provides long -term elderly care. Some people who escaped from the fire told the Chinese media that the inconvenience of some patients may be one of the causes of death.
There may be no clear connection between the problem of non -care qualifications and the fire; qualified nursing homes A fatal fire also occurred. But this fire aroused the public's attention to the underground market and its reasons.
Some victims relatives and public health experts urged the authorities not to take care of punishment, but let these service providers appear from the shadow.
"This is just the corner of the iceberg," Professor of Singapore Nanyang University of Technology studying aging problems Lu Zhenyuan explain. She also said that there may be many similar underground nursing cases. "If there is a market in this regard, what does the government want to do?"
advertise
The New York Times tried to contact the victim or his relatives directly, but did not succeed. Since the fire, Changfeng Hospital has not been open to visitors. Times reporters have been stopped or taken away by hospital staff when interviewed by other hospitals or their relatives.
Authorities try to control reports and prevent reporters from talking with victims. This is common after disaster occurred in China. The authorities just said that the age of death is ranging from 40 to 88 years old. The average age is 71 years old, and among the 21 serious injuries most Have chronic diseases.
At the press conference on the fire of the Changfeng Hospital last month. The fire aroused the public's attention to China's underground pension market. Yi Haifei/China News Service, VIA Getty Images
However, some Chinese news media managed to interview the relatives of the patients of Changfeng Hospital. They described an elderly father because of the disability caused by cerebral hemorrhage, and he lived there since last summer; there is another The 76 -year -old man has lost his ability to move and has always lived there.
According to reports, relatives Say They chose this hospital because it could provide medical services for their disabled loved ones. In contrast, Chinese nursing homes have always been rare, and they have not even provided medical services.
Relatives also said that private hospitals are not so concerned about the issue of bed turnover. They are much more expensive than public hospitals, but the ward is not so crowded. According to a report, a woman said that before she found Changfeng Hospital, her father changed several facilities.
she says She pays about 6,000 yuan for her father every month. Some online advertisements from nursing institutions with the same address as Changfeng Hospital show that the charging is about 10,000 yuan per month. 2019 Beijing per capita monthly pension is 4157 yuan.In a nursing home in Rugao, eastern China. China's population is rapidly aging, but medical resources have not kept up. Wang zhao/Agency France-Presse-Getty Images
Global Health Professor of New York University studying Chinese aging issues Wu Bei It is said that there are many motivations for private hospitals to use long -term medical care needs that have not been met. Even before the new crowns are popular, many private hospitals have been difficult to attract enough patients because they are higher in price.
Then, under the strict new crown restrictions in China, people try to avoid going to the hospital as much as possible. As the state tries to restrict people's actions, foreign patients who often go to Beijing and other large cities have decreased.
advertise
Public documents show that from 2020 to the first half of 2022, the listed parent company of Changfeng Hospital lost nearly 100 million yuan. The company did not respond to repeated comments on requests.
"I can see that this prompts private hospitals to some extent," Yes, we can provide care for these disabled elderly people, because this may be a potential source of revenue, "Wu Bei said.
In fact, the government has Promoting The integration of medical and elderly care is encouraged to build medical facilities and hospitals for nursing homes to provide more nursing services.
But like many countries, China has seriously lacked staff who have been trained by elderly patients. Lu Zhenyuan in Singapore said that government departments that regulate medical treatment and care are separated, which further slows down the approval process.
"The intention is good," she said when talking about the integration plan. "But in reality, this is really difficult to implement."
Elderly activities of a private nursing institution in Beijing. The latest five -year plan in Beijing promised to provide 9 million nursing homes or elderly nursing beds by 2025. Greg Baker/AgeFrance-Presse-Getty Images
She said that one of the results of her hope that the Beijing fire was called on the government to take action: either the government provides more long -term nursing facilities, or it makes it easier for private companies to do this.
In fact, this demand will only get bigger and bigger. According to official statistics, the number of disabled elderly people in China is expected to double more than double this decade, reaching 100 million by 2030.
advertise
These facilities are particularly important for a few lucky people who find their lives there. Hua Ailing (Yin) is an accounting of a small county in Anhui Province. Last year, after the 89 -year -old mother lost her ability to move, she chose to send her mother to a private hospital with long -term nursing qualifications. She said that sending her mother there is more reassuring than the traditional nursing home, because the latter's medical services may not be reliable.
Without this choice, she and her brothers and sisters would not know what to do. "After a while, we can't take care of her ourselves," Hua Ailing said. "After all, we are all in their 60s."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230508/china-hospital-fire-elderly/ 
“淄博烧烤”缘何成为网红 
Creator: 王月眉
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-05-30T08:42:14+08:00
Description: A small chemical town that was obedient to become the most popular tourist destination in China overnight. Zibo barbecue became popular from some students posted on the Internet to introduce the fun of local barbecue style; cheap prices are also attractive reasons. Qilai Shen for the New York Times's local barbecue food near the market near the eight major situations. This market has now become a super popular tourist destination in Zibo.
Images: [" 00china-bbq-d... ", " 00china-bbq-d... ", " 00china-bbq-d... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 * The neon lights on the shape of the flames on the arches can be seen a few miles away. This is useful because there are almost no other reasons to come to this place. This is a vast field on an outskirts of an industrial city in eastern China. The light sways between the cold blue and the hot red, jumping into the night sky like a flame, and there is a huge banner next to it: "Zibo barbecue experience".
What kind of experience will this be? At this barbecue festival, tourists can take a photo with a mascot like a barbecue skewers. They can watch the concert in front of the stage of radiated flames composed of LED lamps in the background. On the open space equivalent to 12 football stadiums, they can choose what they eat from hundreds of barbecue stalls -if they wait a few hours, they finally have a table, and the barbecue stall has not sold light yet. What they want to eat.
Zibo was a silent chemical city in Shandong. Suddenly, it turned into China's hottest tourist destination by barbecue.
After becoming popular in social media, the 4.7 million -population city ushered in 4.8 million tourists in March this year. During the May Day holiday early this month, there were more people in a vegetable market in Zibo than on the Great Wall, according to the data of a map service company. The high -speed rail ticket from Beijing to Zibo was sold out for a minute.
The local government arranged 21 buses to send tourists directly from the train station to a barbecue restaurant. They use a huge seafood market to hold barbecue festivals, the only place to accommodate 10,000 people.
 Zibo is full of tourists who want to eat local barbecue. Qilai shen for the new york times
 The posts that college students posted on social media to praise the local barbecue style fun may be the reason why more and more people come to Zibo. Qilai shen for the new york times
"Everyone who has been delicious now has enjoyed and experienced it, but has experienced it, but this kind of fireworks, humanity, and feelings are very small now," said Zhang Kexin, a senior student at the current senior, said. She said recently. When I came to Zibo during the May Day holiday, I bought six boxes of pot cake as souvenirs just half an hour. This is another local specialty.
Zhang Kexin is from Shanxi 800 kilometers away. She has never considered here before, although a friend's hometown is in Zibo. Here "very ordinary, I felt it before," she said with a smile.
Why is this ordinary place suddenly popular? This problem seems to attract the entire China. In order to copy the city's success, officials in other cities even faction The research team went to Zibo field inspection Essence Most explanations attribute this crazy origin to college students. Some students post on social media to introduce the fun of local barbecue style. If you want to eat barbecue, you have to grill the charcoal stove on the table, and then wrap the grilled food in the local specialty cakes, with a small piece of raw green onion and a spicy sauce, add a little DIY feeling to the barbecue. Essence
Cheap price is also the reason for attractive -the cheapest skewers in the hottest restaurants only need one dollar. Other young people swarmed. The Internet celebrities followed closely.
A charcoal factory in Zibo. Qilai shen for the new york times
The diners choose the food they want to barbecue. Qilai shen for the new york times
But how unexpected Zibo became popular in itself is the most critical. As a result, the locals who seem to be unable to believe in their luck have made every effort to make this fanatic.
Residents provided their houses to strangers who could not find a hotel. Some social media users joked that after looking for handsome guys to accompany to eat barbecue, officials organized a "180 -day group", and men who sent more than 8 meters high in the height were wearing a suit to the train station to welcome tourists.
Although during the May Day holiday, he did not see the man wearing a suit outside the train station, but there were many other enthusiastic welcomes. They distributed bottled water, sunscreen, (grown in the suburbs of Zibo) watermelon, (after eating barbecue, after eating barbecue, after eating barbecue Use) mouthwash, and even small bottle of local liquor.
"Welcome to foreign tourists!I hope you have fun!" A woman shouted and handed the pumpkin -flavored biscuits to the arriver. Many tourists were full of free gifts.
Welcome to the welcoming tourists outside the Zibo Railway Station. Qilai shen for the new york times

“经过了三年疫情后看到这热闹的一切，我心里感到非常温暖，”一名淄博当地人用盖过游客嘈杂的音量大声喊道。 Qilai Shen for The NewYork Times
中国实行了长达三年的“新冠清零”政策后，许多游客是奔着疯狂的人群而来。在一家最火的烧烤店里，数百名食客坐在户外烤架周围的小马扎上，官员们指定一个高架观景平台专供游客透过一团团孜然味的烟雾，观看下方的饕餮盛况。
advertise
"With so many popularity, compared with the epidemic in the past three years, to be honest, his heart is still quite warm," he said loudly. The voice was almost drowned by the sound made by four men shaking the sandham. It has nothing to do with the restaurant, they play the diners between the dining tables.
Outside of a few tables, Bai Lingbin, who is 25 years old, has been eaten. He shares a grill with four other men, and the food skewers on the cutty of the toothpicks. There are crispy pork skin and sweet potatoes, and burrito.
Bai Lingbin from Anhui admits that he prefers the Northeast barbecue, which is another region known in China for barbecue. But when he raised the beer glass at the same table he encountered in line, he declared: "But all atmosphere is the best at eating barbecue, that is, this enthusiasm."
Nevertheless, some locals said in private that they hope to see their hometown of their hometown suddenly fell back, at least not as hot as they are now.
The staff of the barbecue restaurant said that they can only sleep for a few hours every night. The sudden popular vegetable market can't see vegetables now. It is a stall selling snacks and souvenirs. The local people have to go elsewhere to find what they need.
The mascot looks like a barbecue skewers is adding fun to Zibo's barbecue heat. Qilai shen for the new york times
 The local barbecue food on the market near the eighth situation has now become a super popular tourist destination in Zibo. Qilai shen for the new york times
Because the government has determined to maintain Zibo's luck, the vendors make customers satisfied with a lot of pressure. Wang Jiuyuan, the manager of a barbecue restaurant with a 30 -minute drive from the city center, said that although his store is a bit biased, it is still full of people. Essence Mr. Wang posted a poster at each table, asking customers to be patient, because many waiters only say local sayings.
Wang Jiuyuan said, "We are also afraid of complaints. As long as the Zibo government is a foreign customer or no matter what it is accepted, it will be accepted regardless of whether it takes up." Scold.
advertise
Some people on the Internet are worried that it is too much pressure to provide tourists with convenient pressure, especially after a video spreads on the Internet, the video shows that a restaurant owner kneels to forgive a customer. The customer is too long because the queue time is too long. Make a temper.
Last month, even the Zibo Municipal Government seemed to have retreated, because there were too many local tourists, the government encouraged people to go to other places nearby.
On a quiet road in the suburbs of Zibo, the workers of an old factory are rubbing handmade Zhoucun sesame cakes. This is also a local food. Factory owner Gao Juan said that with the influx of tourists, the order volume is also in Increase.
Gao Juan has considered a pancake for the production of grilling, because the demand is greater. Puff suppliers are already receiving orders in August this year.
But the machine made of pancake has been sold out. Gao Juan is willing to consider whether the barbecue heat will continue with a long -term perspective.
"When the market is lacking, it is easy to be full and excessive," she said. "Look at it first."
No one in this barbecue restaurant maintains social distance. Qilai shen for the new york times
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230523/zibo-barbecue/ 
China announced the plan 
Creator: 王月眉
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:04:37+08:00
Description: The manned lunar will become an important milestone for China and even the world space exploration, and it may also become a sign of China's major achievements in China and the United States. The Pentagon warned that China might surpass the United States in the space field by 2045. Hector Retamal/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE — Getty Images Satellite Launch Center in northwestern China shows the billboard of Chinese astronauts. On Monday, China stated that it plans to achieve the moonlin -manipulating moon by 2030.
Images: [" 29china-space... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 A government official announced on Monday that China plans to complete the manned moon landing mission by 2030, which is the highest level of the ambition of Chinese manned lunar moon.
Earlier, Chinese scientists recognized the moon landing goal in 2030 as a more unofficial identity; the chief designer of China ’s lunar exploration project once said last month Log in "No problem" in 2030.
Lin Xiqiang, deputy director of China Manned Aerospace Engineering Office, at the press conference on Monday Quote A sentence of Mao Zedong's poem: "You can take the moon for nine days."
Lin Xiqiang said that the moon landing plan has been launched in the "recent", but it has not provided specific details. The plan is part of China's widespread lunar exploration project. The project is also known as the Chang'e project. The name comes from the fairy who lives on the moon in Chinese mythology. He said the project will also seek short -term stay in the moon, collect samples and research.
advertise
The announcement on Monday is to introduce to China to go to China New Space Station Three new astronauts Press Conference Published, the space station was completed in Construction was completed by the end of last year Essence
The moving moon will become an important milestone in China and even the world space exploration: since the 1960s and the 1970s, the United States Apollo Plan Since then, no one has boarded the moon. This may marked major achievements in China in the fast -growing space competition with the United States. Xi Jinping, the top leader of China, once Represents China should become a "aerospace country."
NASA(NASA)It also announced a plan that will send humans to the moon again in 2025, and will be included in women and colored people for the first time. This is called Artemis Moon Lunar 的项目已面临延误。北京和华盛顿都制定了在月球上建立研究站和将人类送上火星的目标。
太空已经成为美中关系紧张的又一个竞技场，让人想起冷战时期美苏之间的太空竞赛。NASA局长比尔·尼尔森 曾表示 The United States should "be vigilant" in an attempt to control the surface of the lunar and the Americans's rejection. A report from the Pentagon last year Warning ，到2045年，中国可能会在太空领域超越美国。
中国的太空计划近年来 发展迅速 The space plan in the United States is often in trouble because of conflict priority matters and the government's replacement. China is the only country in the 21st century to successfully land on the moon, and in 2019 became the first on the back of the moon Country for landing detectors.
Although some people hope that China and the United States can still cooperate in space exploration in space exploration, the United States is still able to cooperate with the laws of funds for NASA for NASA with the clauses in the United States. China has stated that cooperation with Russia on space projects 。
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230530/china-space-moon-2030/ 
Russia attacked the Ukraine Base to hit a military goal 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:07
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:07
Description: Russia claimed that the Western Air Force Base of Ukraine was attacked at night and pointed out that Ukraine was shelling industrial facilities in Russia. Ukraine confirmed that a military goal and the port of Odessa were hit. Bloomberg reported that the Russian army attacked the Ukrainian Air Force Base and caused five military planes and runways. The Russian army was still two ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '泽连斯基', '军机', '乌克兰']
Russia claimed that the Western Air Force Base of Ukraine was attacked at night and pointed out that Ukraine was shelling industrial facilities in Russia. Ukraine confirmed that a military goal and the port of Odessa were hit.
Bloomberg reported that the Russian army attacked the Ukrainian Air Force Base and caused five military planes and runways. The Russian army also launched a large number of ballistic missiles and drone attacks against Kiev for the second time in two days.
According to Reuters, Ukraine rarely acknowledged that the attack on Monday (May 29) caused damage to the "target" of Ukraine's military. No specific location was disclosed.
It is reported that before the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, there was an air force base in the west of Hermeinzky.
The Russian News Agency (RIA) quoted the Russian Ministry of Defense that more than a Ukrainian Air Force base was hit by the Russian missile, but Ukraine did not confirm that there were other air force bases attacked.
Ukrainian President Zelei said in a video speech on Monday night: "Ukraine has a patriotic anti -missile system, and the interception rate of Russian missiles will reach 100%, which will definitely frustrate horror action."
In response to a wide range of explosions of Kiev, the Kiev Military Management Department said on Tuesday that Kiev's air defense system operates normally.
Kiev Mayor Cryqinko said that an explosion occurred in the city, and the capital and central Ukraine issued an air strike warning.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399483 
North Korea's plan to launch military spy satellites 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:18:21+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 01:18:21Z
Description: According to the official North Korean Central News Agency, local time reported on Tuesday (May 30) that North Korea announced that it would launch a military reconnaissance satellite in June to monitor the military operations of the United States and its partners in real time.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '美国', '中国', '军事', '朝鲜半岛局势']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/north-korea-confirms-plan-to-launch-military-spy-satellite-20230529/7114865.html 
A magnitude 5.8 earthquake occurred in Japan 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:19
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:19
Description: Reuters reported that a magnitude 5.8 earthquake occurred on Tuesday (May 30) in Japan. Elastic
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '地震', '火山']
Reuters reported that a magnitude 5.8 earthquake occurred on Tuesday (May 30) in Japan.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399487 
Pitta Linjialla: The Thai election is new, and the vows must be different 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:19:40.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:19:40.000Z
Description: Pitta told BBC that he wanted to "serve the people", but the thorns in front of him were heavy. The young Prime Minister faces a daunting challenge.
Images: [" _129884708_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['东南亚国家联盟', '泰国', '政治', '缅甸', '亚洲', '年轻人']
Type: Article
: The Thai election is new, and the vows must be different 
9:19 am on May 30, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Pita Limjaroenrat is not a typical Thai politician. 
The average age of Thai Cabinet Ministers is 65 years old, and respect for the elders is still a precious tradition, and Pitta Linjialla is very young (it looks much younger than the actual 42 -year -old) and does not conceal my confidence. Essence
The "MoveForward" led by his leadership leader has led other political parties in the recent election, which is shocking. He will become the youngest prime minister in 1978, which shocked conservative political institutions that ruled Thailand most of the time.
Thai Election: Strong leading in the wild party, the Pakistani military regime is facing frustration * Try to shake the young radicals of the Thai election The difficult negotiation of the coalition government with the second largest party "PHEU THAI" is in progress. The Thai party has won every election in Thailand since 2001 and is expected to win the election on May 14.
Both the Thai party and the Qianjin Party believe that they are progressive political parties, and oppose military intervention in politics like a coup in 2014. The coup overthered the Thai government.
However, the young activist of the APPC, Zhisheng Old Party, and defeated many candidates of the party. With imaginative, social media -based campaigns, they provided voters with the opportunity to completely break in the past and different in the past. Political leadership.
Image source, getty images
"I'm different," Peita told me. "We formed the joint government to seek a measure of power or to make me a prime minister. I serve the people in the government. The world has changed.
"I don't need to be a strong man. With a poisonous man, to ensure that‘ people must listen to me, I must always be the person in the spotlight ’.
"I don't need to keep perfect. I can ride motorcycles like ordinary people in Thailand and eat on the street like others."
Pitta was born in a wealthy Thai family.
He was in New Zealand when he was in his teens. He later studied graduate students in the United States. After graduating, he went to work in family rice bran companies, and as an executive in a car company Grab. These experiences all affected his character.
He appreciated the down -to -earth leaders, such as Jacinda Ardern in New Zealand and Josjos Mujica, Josjos "Pepe".
The Ahead of the Communist Party has the most ambitious reform agenda in the history of Thai elections.
The party announced 300 policies, including promoting an equal marriage of the Thai LGBTQ population, ending the recruitment, solving business monopoly issues, and reforming education systems to adapt to the 21st century economy.
The party plans to abolish the constitution drafted by the military and put many commercial interests under the Ministry of Finance.
Pitta said: "It's time to end the military coup loop, and it is time to end political corruption that opened the door to the coup."
However, the party's most controversial proposal is to modify the "lèse Majesté Law" and began to discuss the relationship between the monarchy and the Thai people. The law was imprisoned for a long -term person who was sentenced to insulted royal family.
Among the 250 senators, many people said that they would prevent the "advanced party" candidate as the Prime Minister because of this problem. These senators are appointed by the former military government. According to regulations, they must participate in parliament voting to select the next Prime Minister.
"The emotions of that era have changed," Pita said.
Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
The advanced party used social media to win a lot of support from the public.
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcast
"I think we can now be able to mature and tolerate the monarchy. Even conservatives understand what role should the constitutional monarchy in the 21st century."
"We won 14 million votes. They understood that this was clear and transparent. This is one of the agenda we want to promote."
The leader of the advanced party believes that his alliance currently has 312 seats in the 500 seats in the lower courtyard of the parliament, and will receive the support of 64 senators, so that they can get the absolute majority of they need.
However, internal sources inside the Senate said that as long as the advanced party is committed to modifying the "monarchy", this will be difficult to achieve; but at least some senators, their non -election term is only one year, and one of them is opposed to one of the elections in the election. The obvious alliance feels uneasy.
Pita also promised to adopt new foreign policies.
In the past 10 years, under the leadership of the military government, Thailand has been generally believed that it has not played its due role in international affairs. Prime Minus Chan-OCHA is not interested in foreign policy.
"Of course, we need more contact with the international community," Pita said.
"We must re -balance. We must shout loudly that we must stand on the side of the world order based on rules. Without speaking, there is no weight in foreign policy."
"Many of our problems, whether it is economic problems, air pollution, or the price of chemical fertilizers, from other parts of the world."The young Prime Minister faces a daunting challenge.
On the one hand, the Senate with skeptical attitudes, on the other hand, need to reach an agreement with the Thai party. The Thai party only won 10 seats than the Progressive Party, and there are more experienced negotiating representatives in their team.
For the Thai party, the position of the Speaker of the Congress of Parliament has been required to obtain the highest position. Pitta believes that if many of his new bills are approved, this position is given priority.
His political party is mainly composed of the first elected parliamentarians. Some of them are too young to reach the threshold for 35 years of age as the minister, and some people still face serious criminal charges because of past political activities.
For the Thai party, it is more flexible in ideology and adopts an non -interference attitude towards the monarchy. You can choose to join another alliance, which includes political parties among the upcoming government.
The APMP excluded this compromise, and the party won many votes by commitment to do not make transactions with the generals.
Pitta believes that neither party can give up the dreams and hopes he calls, because it will damage their reputation.
He easily assumed these responsibilities and still took time with his family, and he would solve a relaxed and optimistic attitude.
He told me: "I don't want to fight for positions, like other Thai politicians, are still fighting for their positions."
"I want to do it for another ten years, and then I should do something else."
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65753690 
China launched Shenzhou No. 16 manned spacecraft. 
Author: Clarence Leong
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T08:03:00.000Z
Description: China sent its first non -military aerospace to space, becoming one of the new multiplication groups in the country's space station. As the competition between China and the United States is increasingly fierce, this move shows China's continuous growth of space capabilities.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际', '中国']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000929902
Type: Article
On Tuesday, China sent its first non -military aerospace to the space track, becoming one of the new multiplication groups in the country. As the increasingly fierce military and technical competition in the United States triggered geopolitics, this move shows China's growth in the growth of space.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%8F%91%E5%B0%84%E7%A5%9E%E8%88%9F%E5%8D%81%E5%85%AD%E5%8F%B7%E8%BD%BD%E4%BA%BA%E9%A3%9E%E8%88%B9-%E9%A6%96%E4%BD%8D%E9%9D%9E%E5%86%9B%E4%BA%BA%E5%87%BA%E8%BA%AB%E8%88%AA%E5%A4%A9%E5%91%98%E5%8D%87%E5%85%A5%E5%A4%AA%E7%A9%BA-49a006ab 
Comments | Wei Jingsheng: The spirit of 1989 represents the conscience of human beings 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:20:33-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:20:33-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On May 30, 1989, the "Democratic Goddess" in Beijing Tiananmen Square Audio-1-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/WeijingSheng/wjs-05302023085321.html/@@ 19 @stream The two games that happened in China last century affected the entire world. One was the Democratic Wall Movement in 1978, and the other was the larger 1989 Tiananmen Democratic Movement. Democratic wall movements have spread to many countries around the world such as Taiwan and Moscow. The Tiananmen Democratic Movement is a turning point for the Communist camp to take a downhill road.
To this day, most people in the country are still commemorating these two campaigns that reverse human destiny, especially the Tiananmen Democratic Movement, which has a sensation in the world in 1989, especially the tens of millions of Chinese people who sacrificed in this movement. Because these sacrifice martyrs represent the conscience of human beings, the manifestation of this kind of human conscience has promoted the healthy development of human beings. Although under the high pressure of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people dare not express their respect and sympathy for them. Although the interests are driven, many Western politicians dare not publicly express their respect and sympathy for them. But in people's hearts, right and wrong are as clear as the mirror. Even those who have participated in and helped the suppression and hated people know what is the common conscience of human beings. At the end of last century, I once participated in the Human Rights Democratic Conference held by President Harvey in the Czech Republic. When I was resting in the middle, I met Dr. Kissinger, who was hated by the Chinese people in the huge bathroom of the church. A large group of reporters flocked, and the long guns and short guns were ready. I wanted to record the explosive news of our two lips and swords and swords. Kissinger drove away the reporters, claiming who stayed at the scene and sued him to court. After driving the reporter himself, he turned back and didn't look good to my face. I said something, and President Bush said the same thing to me: "I know what you want to say, please listen to me first." I had to listen patiently. He said with a serious expression: "I understand all of your Chinese criticism, but we do work for China's progress in different perspectives. Our goal is consistent, but we play different roles." Seeing that I put on the expression of debate and reprimand, he quickly pulled my hand to add "for example, prompting Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping to develop a friendly relationship with the United States, and in the long run, it is conducive to China to democratize." Speaking, it makes me difficult to hit others' faces. After all, the toilet is not a place to debate. President Harvey is waiting for us to enter the venue. Indeed, President Bush after the Tiananmen Massacre released Deng Xiaoping, weakened and finally canceled the sanctions against the massacre, protecting the interests of large American companies. During the era of President Clinton and President Bush, it was transformed into a policies for the most beneficial treatment for the CCP, so that the two party politicians are now regretted and funded an American enemy. These are all starting with Kissinger's appeasement policy. However, this kind of publicly arguing, and the debate of my wife's reasonableness is not a one or two sentences. But this incident clearly explained that people have a ruler in their hearts, and it is impossible to deceive themselves with conscience. It is right and wrong, and its own public theory is not to be annihilated by propaganda and sophistry. The heroes of the June 4th and the spirit of sacrifice in 1989 are the commemoration of people's hearts. Some ignorant people who are unknown and wrong follow the false propaganda of the Communist Party to slander and slander the June 4th Sacrifice and the Democratic Movement in 1989. It is the behavior of the relatives and a fool. Thirty -four years have passed. Some people say that forgetting the past, facing the future. But I want to say: Forget the past, disasters will be repeated. A nation without memory does not exist in this world, and sooner or later will be eliminated. The Chinese nation can survive for thousands of years, and attaching importance to learning from history is a major feature. In 1989, China's democratic movement was suppressed, and the Communist camp collapsed. Summarizing past experience and lessons, China's democratization will soon take its footsteps. This is the necessity of history, and the rest is the matter sooner or later.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/weijingsheng/wjs-05302023085321.html 
Suspected illegal salvage World War II Shipbuilding Malaysia seized Chinese ships 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T09:22:00Z
Description: A Chinese ship was deducted in Malaysia for illegal salvage in the Malaysian waters. The British Ministry of Defense strongly condemned the act of "blasting" the tomb of the war.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: ['二战', '纳粹罪行', '柏林墙', '戴安娜', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '英国', '英国退欧', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['马来西亚', '中国', '南中国海主权争议', '二战', '英国', '军舰']
Id: 65769303
(Voice of Germany) The Malaysian Navy accused a Chinese ship of theft and plunder of two British shipwrecks in World War II. The two British warships mentioned above are the HMS Prince ofwales and HMSREPULSE (HMS Prince ofwales) and the counterattack. They were sunk by the Japanese Air Force in the Malaysian Sea in the 1941 Pearl Harbor incident in 1941. 842 soldiers were killed in the incident, so this kind of shipwreck was regarded as the tomb of war.
The New Times of the Straits reported that the ship of the Malaysia Maritime Law Enforcement (MMEA) found a rebate registered on Fuzhou, 37 kilometers from the coast of Johor. There are metals and ammunition suspected to from British World War II. Malaysia arrested the Chinese captain.
Malaysian Navy spokesman Nurul Hizamzakaria said that a Chinese "mothership" may stop outside the Sea Malaysia, and the detained ship is responsible for transporting the stolen goods obtained by the tomb of the carrier. The Chinese ship was also suspected of stealing other wars in South China, including Indonesia, Singapore, Cambodia, and Vietnamese waters. Experts said that metals in the sale of waste ammunition can bring high profits to the grave robber.
The sale of metal on the ship's ammunition can bring high profits to the grave robber.
The Malaysian Navy said the ship involved has entered the Malaysian waters in February this year. "We have not stopped searching and tracking the ship and conducted all -weather monitoring of the entire Malaysian waters." He said that because Chinese crew offers the GPS system on the ship, it often leads to this suspicious China. The ship disappears from the radar system.
The British Ministry of Defense condemned the incident of theft of World War II: "We put forward the strongest condemnation for the behavior of blasphemy of the seabed war tombs."
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/涉嫌非法打捞二战沉船-马来西亚扣押中国船只/a-65769303?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Column | China Perspective: & Quot; June 4th & Quot; 34th Anniversary Festival 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:30:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T11:27:37-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In the early morning of June 4, 1989, the PLA tanks listed the monument to the people's hero. June 4th case diagram Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zhongguotoushi/panel-052920231537.html/@stream Moderator: Chen Kuide 
Sympoters: Mr. Cao Xunyun, in 1989, people from all walks of life went to Beijing to support the regiment of the regiment, autobiographical "Erzhen scholar" author, Hungary **
The tragedy of June 4th in 1989 has been 34 years old. In June 4th this year, the guest I invited was Mr. Cao Xunyun. He was the head of the Senate Senate Team of China in 1989. He was a member of the Tiananmen Separae Team. He was the personal experience of the democratic movement that shook the world 34 years ago. At the same time, it is the author of the autobiographical novel "The Scholar of Errine". I was honored to comment on this touching autobiography in Washington. Mr. Cao now lives in Hungary. After graduating from a college in Jiangxi in 1982, he served as a middle school teacher after graduating from Jiangxi. Later, he quickly exhausted his system. In 1989, on Hainan Island, because he heard that Mr. Hu Yaobang died in Beijing's school movement, Mr. Cao suddenly felt body and mind, and strongly felt the call of destiny. Then he boarded the car north and reached Tiananmen Square. He is the head of the regiment. At that time, he and the students were on a hunger strike at the same time, and the dead ended until the last moment.
1. 34 years ago Tiananmen, go to the Beijing Sound Senate Regiment 
1) Background 
Location: Beijing Tiananmen Square
Time: May 23, 1989 -June 4th
Square situation: After the release of the martial law, the basic situation in Beijing was blocked by the military vehicles to the outskirts of the city. Its scale is unprecedented, and countries around the world are rare. The basic demands and fate of Chinese people are dramatic in the space -time and space of Tiananmen and Chinese cities. It was a sad historical stage: the sorrow and joy of modern Chinese people, glory and dreams, all over, all condensed in the shouting of Tiananmen.
2) From "sitting and talking" to "starting": Why do you go to Beijing to support the group? 
How to connect the square with the whole country, interact with each other, information communication, Liaoyuan thousands of miles
Establishment process: flag, stronghold, forum
As a hunger strike group and the head of the regiment of the Sound Sound Senate Regiment, watching and participating in the activities of the Tiananmen Square Headquarters: discuss major decisions, "5.27 Statement", donations and donations from various places and Hong Kong and Taiwan
Other activities to go to Beijing's aid group: Talk to the headquarters of the hunger strike for Mr. Renkocho, standing in the Democracy Virtual Statue, Tiananmen Democratic University starts school. At the last moment ...
2. At the peak of the spirit of modern China **
* * The religious effect of the disaster 
The Tiananmen incident that occurred in 1989 was a peak experience of modern Chinese people in the spirit.
History has repeatedly stated that when humans suffer a big disaster or shocking incident, human beings will cause sudden changes in social psychology, and a fierce conversion of the value system will occur. As for the specific direction of the change, is it negative? Is it raised upward or falling down? It depends on the mysterious spirit of the person who is hidden and unsteady on weekdays.
It is noted that at such a special moment, the common life has retreated, and a kind of "lofty" psychological experience comes. Some things that pay more attention to themselves are no longer important at this time; and the emotional and spiritual experience of being ridiculed in the past, at this time, suddenly obtained a sacred status and cannot be blasphemy. This is the spiritual washing and sublimation caused by the peak of spiritual experience. I call it "the religious effect of disaster". Indeed, the mental sublimation in the difficulties is extremely similar to religious experience. Since the sound of gunfire on June 4th, China is no longer the original China. The Chinese are the sons of June 4th. In a sense, June 4th will enter a moral sense, input religious sense, and sacred resources for the spirit of this ulcerated nation. Therefore, regarding the "June 4th" incident as the cross of modern China is realistic. In fact, after the June 4th, the religious fever like wild fire on the land of China was a spiritual response to the incident in a sense, and it gave birth to a great religious prosperity.
Of course, the peak time cannot be maintained for a long time. After the peak, especially after encountering a tragic huge fall, there is often a dark period. The social people's hearts have fallen sharply, especially the spiritual decline of the knowledge class. The date of the revival of the national spirit will depend on the major historical opportunities of the heavenly descending.
Three, two spiritual recovery 
* ** After June 4th in 1989, there have been two times of similar folk spiritual recovery in China. Paper exercise.
1) 5. 12 Great Earthquake 

In the huge ruins of the Sichuan earthquake -stricken area, Chinese folk society, such as the spring, came out of the ground from Christian fellowship to Buddhist monks and nuns; Non -governmental institutions; from the Greensos organized by college students to the Institute of Social Development, the Social Development Institute, unnecessary, opened another disaster relief scene outside the Chinese government and army.
The devastating disaster from the heavens suddenly stopped a totalitarian society. The ruling machine and the management network suddenly broke and disintegrate, and suddenly brought a short time management vacuum and power vacuum. And a large number of urgent rescue needs, medical needs, material demand, order crisis, and management crisis brought by the great disaster. This large -scale urgent urgentity is that no matter how powerful the totalitarian government is, it will be unable to rescue. As a result, civilian self -rescue came into being, and spontaneous civil organizations came into being, and citizen organizations that had only been underground in the past also surfaced. It seemed to return to the early social period of "people are hungry, people drowned me", watching each other.
2)White paper sports 
From 2020 to 2022, the crowds of the city had a major epidemic. Yes, after June 4th in 1989, many people said that the Chinese spine was interrupted by the brutal massacre. For many years, young Chinese students who have been implemented by Beijing forgotten for a long time have been criticized as exquisite favorableists. They are sneaky and are willing to be slaves. Today, driven by mysterious power, they get rid of the kind of fear of deep bone marrow. Feeling, why the young people who were quite straight up suddenly emerged from the ground. Why does this happen and what are the omen?
The different characteristics of the new generation and the predecessors. The fear is entered the day after tomorrow. But the deep fear of internalization of the previous generation was not genetically inherited to the next generation from genetic. Free instinct is natural. The resistance is the green light that leads to freedom.This memory has finally established a spiritual bond between the new generation of college students and their parents, and the empathy of the two generations has been established.
Fourth, the top of the peak again: the turning point of history appears 
1) The Chinese Communist Party is currently isolated in the world, internal and external problems 
In recent years, the inversion of Beijing in Beijing, especially the Hong Kong incident in 2020, the three -year new crown virus has been popular from China to the global incident. Beijing aid Russia ... This time, the Hiroshima G7 summit encountered isolation in mainstream western countries such as Europe, America, Japan, South Korea, and Australia.
The Victoria Fire in Hong Kong was destroyed by the National Security Law of the Hong Kong District, and the June 4th Museum in Hong Kong was banned. However, in 2022, the June 4th Memorial Hall will re -open the museum in Washington, the capital of the United States to pass the salary.
After 34 years, a new historical opportunity appeared, and the non -righteous CCP finally heard the songs. The voice of June 4th was not annihilated and did not sink in the depths of history. Thirty years of Hedong, 30 years in Hexi.
2) "June Fourth", stand up! 
After the June 4th incident, a special group inside and outside the Chinese society- "Sixth Fourth", "_ Including: the first generation of Tiananmen (the people who participated in the Beijing and other cities who were the mainstakes of the students), the citizens of the June 4th citizen were anti -riot. , Tiananmen's mother group, those who change their lives due to June 4 (being detained, exile, immigrants ..., Hong Kong Victoria Garden Bing Candle, June 4th Passing Persons (vowed to inherit the seventh post -seventh and 1980s The "June Fourth" group of the "June Fourth" group after, after the 1990s, after the 90s, and the zero, and after the zero zero. " Fermented in silence and darkness .... No matter where they are, no matter what kind of career positions, and even different kinds of political opinions, the six or four people inside and outside China, although they are no different from ordinary people, they are not obvious, they are not obviously not obvious. Mountains and water are not exposed; however, once the ribbon of totalitaries is torn away, once the historical assembly number sounds, the six four people around the country have a little heart, and the fermented six four wines in the heart will be like a jumping champagne. Spray it out, gather into huge political energy.
Sixth or four people came out.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zhongguotoushi/panel-05292023151537.html 
The hostile faction of Sudan extend the ceasefire after losing patience to coordinates 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:32:00+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 01:32:00Z
Description: The Sudan's battle between the two sides agreed to extend the ceasefire on Monday, and the two important international coordinators lost their patience about the continued violation of the ceasefire.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['非洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/sudan-truce-extended-20230529/7114847.html 
The Chief of the Heat Pattler is full of complaints in the championship in the east 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Boston, 29th) Heat defeated Seltik to win the NBA eastern championship. As a result, the winner and the series of MVP "Mandarin" Bartler did not complacent, but fought to win the championship. He said they were very happy, but there was another goal to achieve.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 After the US Vocational Basketball NBA East Championship, Miami Heat won 3 consecutive victories in the series, listening to the card with 3-0, Boston Seltik just wins 3 games in a row to equalize the game, forcing the series to force the series Enter the 7th game.
Today, when the Heat leads almost all the way, it won 103 to 84, and advanced to the championship in one fell swoop. Following the Nicked in 1999, the second one in history with the "Old Eight" team in history. This is also their 4 4. The second time the year reached the championship.
In contrast, Celtic lost today and missed the first team in the history of the post -season match to come back in the case of 0-3.
In this campaign, Jimmy Butler, the most valuable player (MVP) in the Eastern District Championship, scored a maximum of 28 points in the audience, with 7 rebounds, 6 assists, and 3 interceptions. 26 points and grabbing 10 rebounds.
"We are united together. As a team, we discuss how to fight this away tough battle, and it has indeed done it. But we are not full. Although we are very excited and happy, we still have One goal must be achieved. "
Butler scored at a critical moment and blocked the opponent to fight back to his teammates.
He said, "They give me sufficient confidence so that I can maintain the state in high -end. They are why we can come here today. I know how good our team is, and I did win this game. "
"The goal of winning the desired goal sometimes encountered difficulties in the goal of the Heat EriKspoelstra. Although this team has shown that although there are low tide and adversity, they can still retain their perseverance and have an indomitable team. Spirit, until the goal you want. "
In Seltik, Jaysontatum, who sprained his ankle in the first quarter of this campaign, scored 42 minutes in the whole game and scored 14 points and 11 rebounds, but he could see that he was twisting. Impact. Although Jaylenbrown scored 19 points, only 9 of 9 shots in three -pointers, 23 shots in the game only hit 8 goals, and 8 mistakes occurred at the same time.
Tartum said: "My ankle is swollen, which makes me difficult to move. That is frustrating, especially in Section 1."
He also mentioned: "The poor shooting rate has affected us, which is a bit like a snowball."
Brown said: "We failed, and it also disappointed the entire city. No matter what the situation was encountered this year, we could survive it. It was all hit here, but in the end, we lost a lot."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230530-%E7%83%AD%E7%81%AB%E5%A3%AB%E5%AE%98%E9%95%BF%E5%B7%B4%E7%89%B9%E5%8B%92%E5%BF%97%E5%9C%A8%E6%80%BB%E5%86%A0%E5%86%9B-%E4%B8%8D%E4%BB%A5%E4%B8%9C%E5%8C%BA%E5%86%A0%E5%86%9B%E8%87%AA%E6%BB%A1 
The high -level meeting of anti -diffusion safety initiative opened in Jeju 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:38
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:38
Description: The 20th anniversary of the "Anti -diffusion Safety Initiative" and the high -level meeting of the Asia -Pacific Routine Exercise "Eastern Effectiveness 23" on Tuesday (May 30) kicked off at Jeju Road on Tuesday (May 30). The Yonhap News Agency reported that the anti -diffusion safety initiative was issued by then US President Bush Bush in 2003 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '美国', '演习', '亚洲']
The 20th anniversary of the "Anti -diffusion Safety Initiative" and the high -level meeting of the Asia -Pacific Routine Exercise "Eastern Effectiveness 23" on Tuesday (May 30) kicked off at Jeju Road on Tuesday (May 30).
The Yonhap News Agency reported that the anti -diffusion safety initiative was initiated by the then US President Bush in 2003. It is an international cooperation mechanism for the illegal spread of the 106 countries to prevent large -scale killing weapons and its transportation tools and related materials. The high -level meetings attended the first time in Asia.
On the first day of the meeting, delegations from various countries will review the results that have been achieved in the past 20 years to discuss the current proliferation issues and directions. The second official (deputy minister) of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of South Korea, Li Duxun, the US Secretary of State Jinskins, who is responsible for military control and international security affairs, and Australian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Sarahroberts, who is responsible for military control and proliferation. Essence
Various spontaneous movements such as interceptions of maritime interceptions to prevent large -scale killing weapons from flowing into terrorist organizations or disregarding international rules. In November 2003, the United States, Germany, and Italy joined forces to intercept German vessels carrying uranium concentrated centrifugal machines to Libya, which was deemed to prompt Libya to abandon large -scale killing weapons.
When South Korea participated in the anti -diffusion safety initiative in 2009, North Korea accused South Korea accusing South Korea's "warfare war" and responded fiercely. The current period of this period is that North Korea's announcement of launching a military reconnaissance satellite (ballistic missile) window period will cause the international community to be highly vigilant about North Korea's development of large -scale killing weapons in North Korea.
Anti -diffusion safety initiative "(PSI) 20th anniversary high -level meeting and Asia -Pacific routine exercise" Eastern Endeavor 23 "(Eastern Endeavor 23) will be held one after another from May 30th to June 2nd.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399490 
中国复苏势头减退揭示更深层经济困局 (Free Version) 
Author: Stella Yifan Xie / Jason Douglas
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T09:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T08:00:00.000Z
Description: Just a few months ago, China's economic development prospects were better than now. However, with the short -term excitement brought about by reopening, the potential problems accumulated by the Chinese economy for many years are looking up.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济', '中国经济']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000926100
Type: Article
The era of rapid progress in China's economy has ended, and the recovery momentum after the liberalization of the epidemic prevention policy has fallen into stagnation. Right now, the domestic economy is facing deep -level structural problems 。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%8D%E8%8B%8F%E5%8A%BF%E5%A4%B4%E5%87%8F%E9%80%80%E6%8F%AD%E7%A4%BA%E6%9B%B4%E6%B7%B1%E5%B1%82%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E5%9B%B0%E5%B1%80-d7927a6f 
Ukrainian Minister of Defense hopes that Germany will provide European fighters 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T09:52:00Z
Description: In an interview with German media, Ukraine's Minister of Defense Risnikov once again called on Germany to provide Ukraine with European fighter aircraft, and said that many Western countries have agreed to provide fighter or pilot training.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['乌克兰战争', '战斗机', '欧洲战机']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65769382
The German Federal Defense Force currently has more than 140 European fighters
(Voice of Germany), Ukraine Minister of Defense Oleksijresnikow, proposed that in the so -called "fighter league" framework, Germany can provide Ukraine with European fighter aircraft. "If Britain and Germany gather their European fighters, it will be an important step," Risnicov said in an interview with the German Fengke Media Group.
He went on to say that in providing the main battle tank to Ukraine, including the German Leopard 2 tank, the American Abrams tank, and the British challenge tank, a international alliance has formed an international alliance. Essence "We can use this as a model to establish a fighter alliance, including F16 fighters, European fighters and GRIPEN fighters." The latter was produced by Sweden Saab (SAAB).
Rexnikov added that Ukraine first welcomed Germany to provide training for Ukraine pilots to drive European fighters. He revealed that Denmark and the Netherlands will begin training Ukraine pilots to drive F16 fighters. In addition, Ukraine is negotiating with Poland and Belgium.
He said: "At the same time, our British partners have agreed to provide Ukraine pilots with training of European fighters. We are still discussing with our Swedish friends how to start the driving training of the Eagle Lion Fighter of Saab."
Why is Western fighter critical? 
The National Defense Minister said Ukraine needed a total of 120 fighters. "Most of them should be the F16 fighter," he said that there are more than 5,000 fighters in the world. "However, European fighters and eagle lion fighters will also help us."
Germany and Britain have stated that they will not provide fighter jets in Ukraine in the foreseeable future. British Defense Minister BenWallace (BenWallace) said at a press conference held with the German Defense Minister on May 17 that European fighter plane owned by the UK It is not suitable for Ukraine's needs, and pointed out that the key to the short term is that Ukraine has other equipment capabilities to achieve similar effects as European fighters.
When it comes to the situation of Ukraine, Risneykov made an optimistic expression: "We will liberate all the currently invaded areas, until the international recognition of the 1991 border recovered." The Asian Peninsula and Lugusk and Donedsk. He also said that Ukraine will not attack the Russian territory Essence "We don't need Russia's land. We hope that neighbors under the same democratic governance instead of living with an authoritarian regime."
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
1 main battle tank 
On February 3, the German government issued an export permit for the Leopard 1 main battle tank to Ukraine. The Leopard 1 tank was the first main battle tank developed for the Federal Defense Force after World War II. It was produced in the mid -1960s to the mid -1980s. On February 7, the German Ministry of Economic Affairs approved the provision of 178 Leopard 1A5 tanks to Ukraine.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
2 tank 
Leopard 2 tanks are the main battle tanks that mainly serve in the German Federal Defense Force, with a total of A1 to A7 and other models. It can be used to deal with aircraft and helicopters with a height of up to 3500 meters, and can also be used to deal with light armored ground targets, such as infantry chariot and armored transport vehicles. Therefore, it is both a defensive weapon and an offensive weapon. The German government spokesman Steffenhebestreit confirmed on January 25 that Germany intends to provide 14 Leopard 2A6 main battle tanks from Ukraine from the Federal Defense Army inventory.
*

德国向乌克兰提供哪些“大杀器”？ 
“黄鼠狼”步兵战车 
“黄鼠狼”步兵战车( Marder)用于战场运兵，并提供火力支援。射击手可从战车内对外射击，是一种多用途武器系统。该战车可为6、7名射击手提供空间，打击地面和空中目标。德国准备总共向乌克兰提供40辆“黄鼠狼”步兵战车。
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
land-based air defense system Iris-T SLM 
Iris-T SLM is a land-based air defense system, an upgraded version of the IRIS-T air defense system manufactured by German proud defense companies. This system can protect cities and troops from air strikes that occur multiple times. It is considered one of the most advanced defense systems in 2022. It has a range of 40 kilometers and a price of 140 million euros. It belongs to NATO's medium -range air defense system. In October last year, Germany transferred the first set of Iris-TSLM to the Ukrainian armed forces. Germany plans to provide a total of 4 sets of systems.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
Cheetah -style self -propelled cannon 
Cheetah's self -propelled cannon is the first heavy weapon provided by Germany to Ukraine. This air defense cannon has good off -road performance, which can follow the armored forces to provide low -altitude defense for front -line combat units. So far, Germany has delivered a total of 30 cheetah self -firing guns, and 7 and 7 are about to be delivered.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
PZH-2000 self-propelled howitzer (7 units) 
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
Mars II multi -tube rocket launch system 
Germany has provided 5 MARS II multi -tube rocket systems to Ukraine. The system can launch the same missiles as the US "Haimas" system. Mars-II can fire up to 12 missiles per minute, with a range of more than 70 kilometers. Not only that, the missile launcher system can be guided using GPS or mine -launching missiles.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
"Beaver" Armored Bridge 
The armored bridge vehicle is mainly used to quickly set up a bridge, which allows the troops to quickly pass the river and is generally equipped with engineering forces. It is very important for the wartime to restore the damaged infrastructure and provides food and medicine to the people. So far, Germany has delivered three "Beaver" armored vehicles to Ukraine, and 13 will be provided.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
Iron fist three -type rocket launcher (3000 pieces) 
This is a non -recoil rocket launcher developed by the German arms company Dynamit NobelDefence. Germany currently assists 3,000 iron -fist -type rockets with Ukraine, plus 900 supporting controllers. It is launched from the shoulder to deal with fixed targets 400 meters away and mobile targets within 300 meters. Some media analysis believes that the birth of the three types of rocket launchers during the Cold War is to deal with the armored troops of the former Soviet Union. At present, Russia has invested the most on the Ukrainian battlefield is the T72 main battle tank of the former Soviet Union, so it provides this to Ukraine. Rocket launchers are also targeted.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
"Poisoning" missile (500 pieces) 
"Stinger" is a kind of air -to -air missile -to -air -to -air missile. It was developed and made in the United States by Raytheon in 1980. However, it has been produced in many European countries including Germany for many years. And continued so far. Practical experience shows that "poisoning" is a simple and extremely effective weapon. Especially during the Soviet army's occupation of Afghanistan, Afghanistan armed in American equipment had shot down many Soviet fighters and helicopters. Once the target is locked and launched, the missile can automatically track the target within about 4,000 meters.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
"Arrow-2" portable air defense missile (2700 pieces) 
Stream means "arrow" in Russian. This portable air defense missile can be said to be the corresponding version of the Soviet Soviet Union mentioned earlier mentioned. This time, the 2700 9K32 "Arrow-2" portable air defense missile (9K32stRela-2) of the former East Germany inventory was sent to Ukraine. Although the version of the arrow-2 is already outdated, it can still play a effect on the battlefield. Its range is between 500 meters and 4.2 kilometers and can shoot at a high altitude of 2300 meters.
(Agence France -Presse, Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/乌克兰国防部长希望德国提供欧洲战机/a-65769382?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Drone attacked Russia in Moscow, refers to Ukraine to launch a terrorist attack 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T09:58:00Z
Description: The Russian capital Moscow was attacked by drones in the early morning on Tuesday (May 30), and Russia claimed that Ukraine launched a "terrorist attack" on it. On Tuesday, Kiev, the capital of Ukraine, was once again attacked by a new round of Russia.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['空袭', '莫斯科', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['莫斯科', '无人机', '空袭', '基辅', '俄罗斯']
Id: 65769486
Several buildings in Moscow were damaged by drone attacks on May 30
(Voice of Germany Chinese), the mayor of Moscow, Sergejsobjanin)On May 30th, he issued a text on the social media Telegram that the several buildings of Moscow were attacked and damaged slightly in the early morning of several buildings on the day of the day of Moscow. The residents were evacuated, and no one was seriously injured. Two people sought medical assistance and did not need to be hospitalized. Rescuers have arrived at the scene.
The Governor of Moscow, Andrej WorobJow, posted on social media that several drones were shot down when they were close to Moscow, and he called on residents to stay calm.
The Russian Ministry of Defense has accused Ukraine of "driving aircraft with unmanned aircraft for a terrorist attack on the buildings in Moscow. The Russian Ministry of Defense said that a total of eight Ukraine drones attacked Moscow, but were destroyed. Three of them were interrupted by the original flight route and five were shot down by Russian air defense missiles.
According to unconfirmed reports on the Russian Telegram channel, about 25 drones flew to Moscow, most of which were repelled. Someone on the social network shared photos and videos of smoke.
Earlier this month, two drones exploded above the Kremlin. Russia pointed out that it was an attack and it was done by Ukraine. At the same time, Russia had no persons injured and did not cause major losses.
Russia Belgo Rhode was attacked by artillery fire 
Vyacheslavgladkov, the governor of Belgorod, Russia adjacent to Ukraine, said that the Ukraine Army shot several settlements near the border on Tuesday (May 30) on Tuesday (May 30). He said in a statement issued on Telegram that the two industrial facilities of SHEBEKINO of the border town were shelled, four employees were injured, and several settlements were disconnected.
Last week, some troops entered the area and took several villages briefly. According to Russia, two civilians died and dozens of soldiers were killed.
Moscow accused the incident of being a Ukrainian "destruction" organization , But Kiev denied that it was related to this. The two anti -Kremlin Russian guerrillas, namely the Russian Liberty Legion and the Russian volunteer group, claimed to be responsible for the matter.
Russian border area has been attacked in Ukraine and said it has nothing to do with this 
Kyiv was hit by a new round of Russia 
Russian forces this Tuesday morning(May 30th)A new round of large -scale air strikes launch a large -scale air strike on Kiev, the capital of Ukraine. This is the 17th round of air strikes on Kiev since the month of the Russian army this month.
Ukrainian officials said that Kiev has largely resisted Russia's air raid wave, but later air strikes still killed several civilians.
Valeryzaluzhny, chief of the Ukrainian armed forces, said Russia launched up to 40 missiles and about 35 drones to Kiev. Ukraine intercepted 37 missiles and shot 29 drones.
Kiev has been attacked several rounds of large -scale air strikes since May 28
In the early morning of May 28, Kiev was the largest air attack since Russia's invasion. The Ukrainian Air Force released the news that day that Russia dispatched 54 drones, more than 40 Russian drones were shot down by Kiev air defense firepower, drone fragments hit buildings in many areas of the city and caused fires. Essence Air raids caused casualties. On May 29, Kiev was attacked in two rounds, one of which was during the day.
(Reuters, Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/无人机袭击莫斯科-俄方指乌克兰发动恐袭/a-65769486?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Goldman Sachs Asian private equity business stops raising from American investors (Free Version) 
Authors: ['凯•威金斯']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-30T10:00:06+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T05:48:99+08:00
Description: Goldman Sachs Asia's private equity business director said that due to the tight geopolitical situation between the United States and China, she has shifted to the fundraising focus to the Middle East and Asia.
Images: [" 000182809_pic... "]
Themes: ['私募股权']
Keywords: ['私募股权', '高盛', '中美关系', '资产管理', '地缘政治', '高端专享']
Type: Article
 Golden(Goldman Sachs)The director of Asian private equity business said that she had stopped trying to raise funds in the United States due to the tight geopolitical situation between the United States and China.
At a private equity conference in Hong Kong on Tuesday, Goldman Sachs Asset Management Company(Goldman Sachs Asset Management)Xu Mingyin, head of the Asia -Pacific Private Equity and Growth Equity Investment Department(Stephanie Hui)The above remarks were made. Investment in the department includes transactions in China.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099804 
Consumption recovery to promote mobile phones for new boosts of all things (free version) 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-30T10:04:35+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-28T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-28T20:47:99+08:00
Description: In the first quarter of this year, with the rebound of offline consumption, the revenue growth of this recycling expert increased to 30%.
Images: [" 000182702_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '万物新生', '回收', '手机']
Type: Article
 Author Yangge, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
Perhaps this is an example of "bored with smartphones", because during the frequent epidemic prevention and control last year, many Chinese people spent too much time on mobile devices because they were forced to home.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099781 
欧洲业务举步维艰 华住集团复苏受累 (Free Version) 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-30T10:09:20+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T06:04:99+08:00
Description: After being acquired by Huazhu Group for four years, despite the recovery after the epidemic, the European assets of Deutsche Hotel Group continued to record serious losses.
Images: [" 000182828_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '华住集团', '酒店']
Type: Article
 Author Yangge, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
The premier Chinese hotel operator Huazhu Group Co., Ltd.(HTHT.US;1197.HK)In the latest quarterly report, there are some notable elements, many of which are related to the tourism recovery of the post -epidemic era. Huazhu Group operates the economic chain brand Han Ting and the higher -end season hotel. It has reported its first profit in the past two years, because in the wave of "retaliated tourism" in the post -epidemic era, the Chinese people have been on the road.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099805 
The remains of the US Honorary Medal Laureate during the Korean War 73 years later returned to their hometown after 73 years 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T10:15:26+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 02:25:32Z
Description: After being surrounded by the North Korean army, the soldiers of the 9th Infantry Regiment retreated in despair. Luther Herschel Story, who was injured, was worried that his injury would slow down the team, so he stayed to cover them retreat.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '亚太', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/missing-73-years-medal-of-honor-recipient-s-remains-return-home-20230529/7114874.html 
With the "Space Contest" with the United States: China has three more astronauts in China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T10:46:00Z
Description: China has successfully operated its own space station "Tiangong", and like the United States, it plans to realize the moving manner in recent years. On Tuesday, China once again sent three astronauts into space and replaced the existing astronauts in the "Tiangong".
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 科技环境
Subjects: ['天宫', '空间站', '神州', '宇航员', '中国航天', '酒泉', '太空竞赛']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65770246
Of the first three astronauts, one person was born for the first time.
(Voice of Germany) China successfully sent three astronauts into space again. On Tuesday, the Jiuquan satellite launch center on Gobi on the northwestern part of China, the Long March 2F Rockets carried the Shenzhou No. 16 manned spacecraft to launch. These three astronauts will replace the other three astronauts who have been in space for half a year.
Only 18 minutes after launch, Zou Lipengji, director of the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, announced a complete success, and Shenzhou 16 arrived at the track as planned.
Among the three astronauts, the scholar Gui Haichao, a scholar at the University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, is also the first astronaut from China. At the age of 36, he will conduct scientific experiments in space. So far, other astronauts come from the army.
Among the three astronauts, the instructions were 56 -year -old Jing Haipeng. The astronaut with the rank of Major General is the fourth mission of space, more than other Chinese astronauts. In addition to scholar Gui Haichao, another astronaut and 36 -year -old space flight engineer Zhu Yangzhu also flying for the first time.
These three astronauts are expected to stay in space for five months. This week, the three will live with the three astronauts of the Tiangong Space Station. The replaced three people are expected to return to the ground on Saturday, but this date has not been officially confirmed.
Shenzhou 16 is the fifth time to carry manned to China Space Station mission. At the beginning of May, the freight ship has sent supplies, videos, spare parts and 600 kg of fuel to space to prepare for the stay of the three astronauts.
After launching for 18 minutes, the director of Jiuquan Launch Center announced the successful success
China hopes to be quickly among the space powers 
China has an ambitious aerospace plan, hoping to quickly rank among the ranks like the United States and Russia. It is only 20 years after becoming the third country to send astronauts into space. China has now operated a modern, full -featured space station, and launched a detector to the moon and Mars Essence Bill Nelson, the head of NASA NASA NASA, said that in a "space competition" with China Essence
For Beijing's national leadership, this is not only about China's international status, but also a leading role in technology in the world, and compete with the United States. By 2030, China plans to carry out the mission of the moon for the first time. The Artemis project in the United States is planned to be launched by the moon by the end of 2025.
Both countries have noticed the lunar Antarctica, and it is estimated that there is frozen water there. China has a further plan than the United States: establishing the first scientific research station in the moon. To this end, China will cooperate with countries such as Russia.
The Tiangong Space Station weighing about 100 tons is the only stronghold in space except the ISS International Space Station. ISS, which has been operating since 2000, is four times greater than Tiangong, but it has been getting older. Nevertheless, the United States, the European Union and Japan still want to operate the space station to 2030, there will be far beyond the scheduled year. The U.S. Congress has previously rejected China ’s cooperation in China for security reasons.
China Aerospace Program emphasized that foreign astronauts will also be welcomed to enter its space station in the future. It is said that it has cooperative projects with the United Nations Aerospace Bureau, ESA ESA, and other emerging aerospace countries. China is also developing repeated spacecraft.
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/与美国-太空竞赛-：中国再有三名宇航员升空/a-65770246?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Biden, Putin, Macron and Erdogan: They congratulated him to be elected president and discussed with him the problem including the F-16 fighter aircraft 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-05-30T10:49:03
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T10:49:24
Description: Turkish President Rejap Tidip Erdogan and US President Joe Bayeng, Russian President Vladimir Putin, and French President Emartel Macron held talks. The three congratulated him again Elected by president.
Images: [" 41-1685443418... ", " 42-1685443428... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '土耳其']
Type: Article
 Erdogan (right) received congratulations to his election by many leaders including Biden(news agency)Turkish President Rejap Tidip Erdogan and US President Joe Bayeng, Russian President Vladimir Putin, and French President Emartel Macron held talks. The three congratulated him again Elected by president.
The Presidential Palace of Turkey said the US President called President Erdogan to congratulate the latter for re -election.
It added that the presidents of the two countries emphasized the importance of continuous development of Turkey relations in dealing with regions and global challenges, and unanimously agreed to strengthen cooperation between the two countries in various fields.
On the other hand, the President of the United States said that his Turkish counterpart once again expressed his desire to buy an F-16 fighter from the United States.
Biden added that Washington hoped that Ankara would give up his request against Sweden to join NATO. He also congratulated the latter to the Sunday presidential election in his call with Erdogan.
Before leaving the White House and to Tellafa, Biden told reporters, "I have talked to Erdogan and congratulated him. He still wants some solutions about the F-16 fighter. I tell him that we want to be with Sweden. Deal with, so let's complete this first. So we will contact again. "He added," We will discuss this issue in detail next week. "
The approval of all NATO members is the condition for new members. Türkiye and Hungary have not yet agreed with Stockholm's application.
Turkey is seeking to purchase a $ 20 billion F-16 fighter from the United States, but due to the opposition of Congress, the transaction has been suspended, although the Bayeng government has repeatedly expressed support for it. Congress reserved opinions on the transaction because it opposes the so -called Ankara human rights records and its policies to Syria.
However, a few days after Ankara approved Finland's joining NATO, Congress approved a $ 259 million in package plan this year, including the aviation electronic software upgrade for Turkey's existing F-16 fighter fleets.
 Turkish President Erdogan is making speeches
The Biden government has always refused to confirm that there is any "weighing" between the agreement and the expansion of NATO, although the Turkish Foreign Minister Mev Lutt Chawus Lu Lu has stated in January that the United States has clearly stated that Congress will actively treat Ankara's approval of the expansion process.
A source familiar with the discussion said that the United States had previously told Turkey that if Ankara did not turn on a green light for Sweden, it would be difficult to convince Congress to approve the F-16 transaction.
After the invasion of Ukraine in Russia, Sweden and Finland applied to join NATO last year and gave up the long -term implementation of the military non -alliance policy.
Turkey approved Finland's request to join NATO in late March, but continued to oppose Swedish joining. It accuses the latter from a member of the Kurdish workers who are considered terrorists in Turkey. In addition, Hungary did not agree with Sweden's request.
Let Sweden join NATO in mid -July, and NATO will hold a summit in Lithuania at that time. This is one of Washington's primary tasks.
The connection between Erdogan and Putin 
The Kremlin said in a statement that President Vladimir Putin congratulated the President of Turkey on the phone to win in the presidential election and emphasized that the victory will open up new prospects for bilateral cooperation between Moscow and Akara.
The statement confirmed that Erdogan told Putin that he intends to continue bilateral cooperation between the two countries on all current problems.
Erdogan and Macron 
In the same background, Erdogan and French President Emartel Macron discussed bilateral relations and regional issues on Monday evening on Monday night.
French President also congratulated Erdogan on the phone and was elected President of Türkiye again.
According to a statement issued by the Turkish Presidential Communications Bureau, Macron called President Erdogan to congratulate him to win the re -election and expressed his hope that the election results will be conducive to the Turkish people.
During the call, the two sides discussed the territory and regional issues.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/5/30/%e6%8b%9c%e7%99%bb%e6%99%ae%e4%ba%ac%e5%92%8c%e9%a9%ac%e5%85%8b%e9%be%99%e4%b8%8e%e5%9f%83%e5%b0%94%e5%a4%9a%e5%ae%89%e9%80%9a%e8%af%9d%e4%bb%96%e4%bb%ac%e7%a5%9d%e8%b4%ba%e4%bb%96 
Russian UAV wreckage Birch Auxiliary Apartment Boles Three injuries with one dead and three injuries 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T10:54
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T10:54
Description: When the Russian Army launched a large -scale drone attack on Kiev in the early morning of Tuesday (May 30), one of the target wreckage hit by the Ukrainian army fell on the top of a high -rise apartment, causing a fire. Reuters reports that the Ukrainian capital officials said that the wreckage of the drone caused ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['基辅', '无人机', '大火', '俄乌战争']
When the Russian Army launched a large -scale drone attack on Kiev in the early morning of Tuesday (May 30), one of the target wreckage hit by the Ukrainian army fell on the top of a high -rise apartment, causing a fire.
Reuters reported that the Ukrainian capital officials said that the fire caused by the wreckage of the drone caused at least one resident to die and the other three were injured.
In the instant messaging, the Kiev military applied Telegram that the two tallest layers of the apartment were burned by fire, and some people may be trapped inside.
Kiev Mayor Cryqinko said other residents in the apartment have been evacuated urgently.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399500 
赴华商务旅行规则已变 (Free Version) 
Author: Dan Strumpf
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T10:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T10:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-29T03:14:00.000Z
Description: China is open to business, but for executives planned to go to China, the rules have changed.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际', '中国']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000922821
Type: Article
China is open to business, but for executives planned to go to China, the rules have changed.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%B5%B4%E5%8D%8E%E5%95%86%E5%8A%A1%E6%97%85%E8%A1%8C%E6%96%B0%E5%87%86%E5%88%99-1ed7872 
Persevere in land protection, Li Biyun is blocked by Li Biyun 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T10:57:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:08:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Li Biyun completely lost his ability to move after his release last year, and his body had multiple problems. Li Biyun is exclusively provided, and the shooting date is unknown Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/renquanfazhi/gf-053023100828.html/@stream Li Biyun, a Guangdong Foshan dissident, has been under house arrest since its release of the disabled. People familiar with the matter believe that Li Biyun is regarded as the key monitoring objects related to her refusal to compromise and insist on land protection. Recently, she was exposed to confrontation with many people when she went out.
Guangdong grassroots people's congress candidate Li Biyun torture disabled for medical treatment * Li Biyun, the anniversary of the release of the release, urged Xi Jinping to order the cancellation of the monitoring "mercenary" 
行动不便的李碧云被身穿警服的人员制止，未能进入地铁站，情绪激动。
当时李碧云由妹妹陪同准备到广州看病，但是在顺德区一个地铁站外被人拦截，双方发生推撞。
李碧云事后向本台表示，这些人是住处居委会派来监视她的。
李碧云：“穿警服的有七、八个人，还有地铁的工作人员，不准我过去，要推我身体。挡着我妹，不准我妹背我。”
双方一度对峙。李碧云曾因体力不支晕倒在地。
2020年因盗窃和妨害公务罪成被判刑的李碧云，自去年2月获释后被当局全天候监控，长期在她的住处外派驻车辆，又设置临时“办事处”。
李碧云：“有时候连出楼梯都不准。要看他们的心情。要看我们要去哪里，(有时)连喝茶都不准，连出楼梯都不准。”
李碧云热衷于土地维权曾要求官员公开财产 
李碧云因村官贱卖顺德村民土地而走上维权路，曾多次上街举牌要求官员公开财产。基于安全考量要求匿名的知情人士表示，李碧云被当局视为“眼中钉”与此有关。
知情人士：“当初(当局)跟村民签合同的时候，把村里面的田地租给别人，但是后来才发现土地的归属权已被买断。其他村民签了协议，拿了点钱就算了，只有李碧云他们是没有拿到钱的，肯定是不甘心的。当局主要怕她就官商勾结对外爆料。”
李碧云去年获释后彻底失去行动能力，身体出现多种毛病。
On May 22, 2023, Li Biyun (below) was inconvenient to confront many people outside the subway station outside the subway station. (Li Biyun is exclusively provided) People familiar with the matter: "She should be a problem of cervical or nerve, and her emotions will faint when they are excited. She can still take care of herself, but she can't go too far alone, and she is afraid that she will be out of life when she is fainted. "
People familiar with the matter said that Li Biyun's contradictions with the local government are deep. Both sides have the responsibility of the storm outside the subway station.
People familiar with the matter: "She can only say that she is too straight. She has a rejection of the authorities. When she saw them, she scolded, and it was difficult to run in. They had a teasing style of Li Biyun. Get revenge on her mentality. "
The family members believe that the local government's siege of Li Biyun's all -weather is to defraud the stability of the country.
Reporter: Editor of Gao Feng: Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-05302023100828.html 
US Department of Defense: Beijing refuses to meet with the Sino -US defense ministers 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T10:58:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T15:39:51-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu and US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin The Associated Press Photo/RFA Synthetic US Pentagon stated on the 29th that Beijing rejected the invitation of the United States' meeting with US Secretary of Defense Llaydaustin and Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu meeting in Singapore. According to the Wall Street Journal, the U.S. Department of Defense stated in a statement to the Wall Street Journal that China officially rejected the invitation provided by the United States in early May and added that the department believes that the open communication between the two countries. " Make sure that competition will not evolve into conflict. " U.S. Defense Officers also said that, in view of the past few hours before the meeting, such conferences were promoted several hours before the convening, and China's rejection was regarded as an unusually straightforward signal. Before serving as the Minister of Defense of China, Li Shangfu was the Minister of Equipment Development of the Central Military Commission of the Communist Party of China. In 2018, he was sanctioned by the United States for assisting China imported Russian weapons. But the Pentagon said that this did not hinder Austin's performance with him. Austin will go to Singapore to attend Shangri -La dialogue later this week. This is an international defense summit. In June last year, he met Li Shangfu's former Wei Fenghe. Some U.S. officials warn that the United States Southeast Asian allies have always been open to the prospects of "China -US conflict can be reduced in Singapore", and China's rejection may cause concerns about these countries. Neither the Chinese Embassy in Washington and the White House immediately responded to the Request of the Wall Street Journal. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-05302023105424.html 
What are the differences between the Taiwan presidential election candidates under the shadow of the war? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T11:12:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:11:08-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Taiwan flag and Taiwan Presidential Palace Picture Audio-LLINK: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hcm-05302023102019.html/@stream On Tuesday, Lai Qingde, Guo Taiming, Ke Wenzhe and Hou Youyi, who intend to compete for the next year's election, participated in the public activities and expressed their views on cross -strait relations. In the shadow of the war, what are the differences between the candidates about "peace"?
Comments: Taiwan Presidential Election in the World Tension * Guo Taiming, the election of the Taiwan election, advocates "get rid of the US -China Election Border Station" 
Lai Qingde, the presidential candidate of the Taiwan Democratic Progressive Party, the current vice president, and the founder of Hon Hai, Guo Taiming, and Ke Wenzhe, Chairman of the People's Party, were invited to attend the Golden Gate Castle event on May 30.
Guo Taiming and Lai Qingde went to worship. After leaving, they shook hands outside the temple to pay attention. Guo Taiming took the initiative to take out a paper bag and handed it to Lai Qingde. After the two people talked briefly, Lai Qingde accepted Guo Taiming's peaceful declaration.
Hon Hai founder Guo Taiming went to Golden Gate to attend the welcoming city event(Guo Taiming's office provided) Lai Qingde: Pursuing true peace with his own strength and determination 
Lai Qingde delivered a speech first, emphasizing that he had worked as a soldier in Kinmen, and he was very clear that Kinmen not only sacrificed a lot of sacrifices during the war, but also undertook the task of warfare, and was restricted by freedom and economy. While paying tribute to Kinmen, he emphasized that he was a peaceistist and long live democracy. He knows that peace is priceless and the war has no winners. But he also reminded that "peace is not available in choice."
"If you want to pursue peace, you must pursue true peace, rely on your own strength and determination to maintain the safety of the country's security and the security of the people's life property. Such peace is true peace." Lai Qingde said.
Lai Qingde reiterated that in the global perspective, he did his best to maintain the peace and stability of cross -strait peace and stability, strengthen the constitutional system of democratic freedom, and firmly defend the Republic of China and the People's Republic of China. Thousands of people decided.
Lai Qingde, Vice President of Taiwan, attended the friendly meeting of the Golden Gate(DPP provides) Guo Taiming again advocates the Golden Gate Peace Agreement 
After Lai Qingde made a conversation, Guo Taiming immediately pointed out that he was glad to see Lai Qingde's expectations for peacefulness in Kinmen. This is also the expectation of 23 million people in Taiwan, the Republic of China. Essence
Guo Taiming: "I agree that the peace that Lai Qingde said is to fight, so I must ask Lai Qingde to read in detail and study his peaceful declaration. Today, the two sides of the strait do not negotiate, do not communicate, or take the Golden Gate as a bridge of peace. The possibility of peace. "
Before the Kuomintang's call for candidates, Guo Taiming went to Golden Gate to publish a "peaceful manifesto", proposing that if he was elected president, he would strongly advocate that Golden Gate as a new stand -in -on -place location on both sides of the strait, and set up a cross -party, cross -ethnic group, and cross -generation negotiating team to re -re -re -re -reappear. Open the door to negotiations on both sides of the strait. He also said, "You don't need to go to any other place, and you don't need any foreign individuals, groups, or organizations to pass through the passage."
However, after fighting for the defeat of the Kuomintang, Guo Taiming rarely attended public activities. Many enthusiastic supporters in Kinmen shouted "President Guo", but he did not continue to make a statement for whether to continue to run.
Civil Party Chairman Ke Wenzhe attended the event of the People's Party Golden Gate(Ke Wenzhe Facebook) Ke Wenzhe called Jianjinxia Bridge to advocate Taiwan's autonomy and peace on both sides of the strait 
Another Ke Wenzhe, who also appeared in Kinmen, attended the party's party activities on Tuesday morning. He was thrown out of the establishment of Jinxia last year(Kinmen-Xiamen)The bridge was attacked, and Ke Wenzhe reunited the idea of establishing the Jinxia Bridge.
Ke Wenzhe said that Kinmen, as a bridge between Taiwan and the mainland, is not heavy. As he said last time, the bridge at this stage may be broken at any time because of political intervention. In particular, the DPP's ruling is like an invisible tsunami for the Jinmen economy. Golden Gate's economic prosperity is fundamental. "
Ke Wenzhe also stated on the bottom line of cross -strait exchanges a few days ago: "Taiwan is autonomous and peaceful on both sides of the strait. If you cannot decide your destiny, you have to desperately with you." Hou Youyi: Peace must be confident and firm, equal dialogue 
Hou Youyi, called by the Kuomintang, was the only candidate who had not went to Kinmen on the 30th. When he was attending the New Taipei City Campaign, he explained that there is already a schedule today. The geographical location of Golden Gate is very important. Especially for the relevant issues of peace on the Taiwan Strait, Kinmen is also a very important role. He said, "Under the peace and stability of both sides of the strait in the future, I look forward to Kinmen more prosperous and sustainable."
A few days ago, Hou Youyi said when he asked the former President Ma Ying -jeou, "Peace requires confidence and firm dialogue. The country must be aggressive and the people suffer." He said that the country must not be abducted by political parties and individuals to capture individuals by individuals Interests and consolidation of power are set up in danger of the country and the people, "the Republic of China must be on the road of peace."
What is the difference between the four people who call "peace"? 
"The biggest difference is that peace is the purpose or means." Wu Se, the deputy secretary -general of the Society of Taiwan, pointed out that some candidates ignored the discussion of war and peace. The choice of war is only a means: "The purpose of the Communist Party of China is to promote, promote, or force Taiwan to accept the unity of cross -strait. This is the purpose of the Communist Party of China, so peace and war are a means."
Wu Si explained that even though he now proposes peace in the CCP, for the CCP, it is necessary to accept the possibility of peace in both sides of the strait. Therefore, no matter whether anyone mentioned the so -called agreement or suggestion, it seems to be wishful in the process of promoting, and even misappropriated the current international situation. At present, international awareness is a state of peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait. If the peace agreement is mentioned at this time, it will fall into the political premise set by the CCP. One day, when Taiwan wants to maintain democracy and sovereignty, it is quite unfavorable to Taiwan.
How do China get involved in the Taiwan election? 
Dong Liwen, a professor at the Department of Public Safety of the Central Police University of Taiwan, pointed out at a symposium held by the DPP China Affairs Department that the CCP's intervention in Taiwan's democratic elections "not, but how can it be" It is part of China, and it is necessary to master the dominance of cross -strait relations. The CCP must try to increase the influence on Taiwan, change the comparison of the political forces within Taiwan, cultivate the unified power of patriotism in the island, and promote unity. This is the purpose of the CCP's intervention in Taiwan's politics. "
He believes that China's intervention in Taiwan's politics is the daily life of Taiwan, and the elections are particularly fierce. The primary goal of the CCP's "selection" is to destroy the democratic system, because the CCP believes that the existence of democracy is a threat to it, and the second is to affect the election results. Dong Liwen believes that Beijing hopes to be elected by the CCP, and will give priority to the agents who have cultivated themselves to be elected. Secondly, the candidates who tend to be unified and dumped, and fully suppress the CCP's unwilling candidates.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Editor: Xu Shuting, He Ping.com Edited: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hcm-05302023102019.html 
Seal the Chinese Marine Event? Japan, the United States, and the Fourth National Defense Minister plans to meet for the first time 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T11:16:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T16:14:32-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 澳大利亚国防部长马尔斯(RichardMarles)、日本防卫相滨田靖一(Yasukazu Hamada), Philippine Defense Minister Carlito Galvez, US Secretary of Defense Lloydaustin ![] ](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-05302023105952.html/@@images/image)The Associated Press/Agence France -Presse/RFA synthesis of Japan, the United States, Australia and the Philippines intends to hold an opportunity to hold an Asian security conference in Singapore from June 2 to 4, hold the first talks of the Fourth National Defense Chief, and coordinate. According to the Kyodo News Agency on the 30th, at that time, the four countries will aim at China, which accelerates marine activities to explore security cooperation. Japan, the United States and Australia have strengthened cooperation with the Philippines respectively, and the talks aims to highlight the cooperation of the four countries in the Pacific Ocean. The relevant person revealed the news on May 30. It is expected that during the talks, the four countries will explore the "joint cruise" that allows ships to sail in the South China Sea and deteriorate illegal activities. Japan and the United States hope to block China's marine activities with the "first island chain" connecting the South West Island, Taiwan and the Philippines, which may become the key. In terms of collaboration with the Philippines, the Japanese Maritime Security Agency will implement joint training with the Coast Guard in the United States and the Philippines from June 1. The three countries of Japan and the United States also plans to create a consultation mechanism for senior officials responsible for security. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-05302023105952.html 
The United States imposed sanctions on Chinese, Mexican entities and individuals during the fentanyl operation 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T11:41:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T11:50:26-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Different types of pills Screenshots of the Ministry of Finance sanctions on 17 people and entities in China and Mexico on Tuesday. Reuters from Washington on the 30th said that because the Bayeng government tried to prevent the import of fatal drugs, these people were accused of helping the production of fakes containing fentanyl. In a statement, the U.S. Treasury said that it imposed sanctions on seven entities and six individuals located in China, as well as a company and three individuals located in Mexico. The statement condemned those who participated in the sales of pills and other equipment to print counterfeit trademarks on illegal pills. These pills usually contain fentanyl and transport them to the United States. Brian Nelson, deputy minister of the US Treasury responsible for terrorism and financial information, said in a statement: "The sanctions of the Ministry of Finance are targeted at every stage of the fatal supply chain. "Surgery." "Fake drugs mixed with fenny are the main causes of these deaths, destroying thousands of American families each year. We are still committed to using all authorities to fight illegal drug production to destroy this deadly. Global production and the threat of these drugs. "According to the US Disease Control and Prevention Center(CDC)A report released earlier this month, from 2016 to 2021, the United States involved the excessive death rate of drugs involved in synthetic opioids, Fentany, more than doubled. Fentnine is 50 times stronger than Herin, 100 times stronger than morphine, and more and more mixed with other illegal drugs, often leads to fatal consequences. According to government estimates, with the number of excessive deaths related to drugs in the United States in 2021, the Bayeng government has been promoting action. Washington has been seeking greater help in Beijing, but U.S. officials told Reuters that China has been reluctant to cooperate due to the deterioration of the relationship between the two countries. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-05302023113712.html 
科索沃北部冲突升级 数十人包括北约维和部队人员受伤 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T11:59
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T11:59
Description: On Monday (May 29), the northern Kosovo violence was upgraded. Local Serbian protesters and police clashed, and later conflict with the peacekeeper leaders of NATO, causing dozens of people to be injured. Comprehensive Agence France -Presse and Reuters reported that Serbian in northern Kosovo ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['科索沃', '暴力', '冲突', '北约', '塞尔维亚']
On Monday (May 29), the northern Kosovo violence was upgraded. Local Serbian protesters and police clashed, and later conflict with the peacekeeper leaders of NATO, causing dozens of people to be injured.
Comprehensive Agence France -Presse and Reuters reported that Serbians in northern Kosova were dissatisfied with the Albanians' choice of local town heads and protested, causing about 25 members of NATO peacekeeping troops injured.
According to the Serbian State -owned Public Broadcasting Corporation RTS, more than 50 Serbians were also injured, and one of them was seriously injured and the situation was critical.
The NATO residents in Kosovo said several soldiers in Italy and Hungarian forces in the Kosovo forces were traumatized and fractured by burn and fractures due to the explosion of burning devices.
Kosovo's Presidential Office announced that President Wuxi will meet with the ambassador of the United States, Russia, China, and the United Kingdom on Tuesday to discuss domestic turmoil.
Kosovo was once Serbia's autonomous province. The Albanians in the territory uprising more than 20 years ago, against Serbia's oppression rule, and announced independence in 2008. The northern Kosovo is mainly Serbia. These Serbians have never recognized the Declaration of Independence. Belgeler is their capital.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399512 
European countries will hold a summit in Moldova to express their strength 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T12:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T11:35:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, Brussels, 29th) The leaders of the 47 European countries will gather in the suburbs of Chisinau, the capital of the Eastern European countries, to hold a summit. There may not be many detailed discussion of security strategies, but they should be able to issue strong Russia Signal.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Moldova's fragile democracy covered the shadow of Moscow's invasion of Ukraine and Russia's agent weakening the efforts of integration with Europe.
If the "European PoliticalCommunity" can gather dozens of heads of state and government to gather together on June 1 to take a group photo with Moldova's Western government leaders, which can be regarded as logistical and politics. The achievement has been on.
"European Political Community" is a forum for European leaders in the European Union to discuss common strategic threats. EU candidates such as Moldova treat membership qualifications as a midway station to the road of Brussels. Moldova is the former Republic of the Soviet Union, with a population of less than 3 million, and the economy is not stubborn.
FelixHett, an expert from Ukraine and Moldova, said: "Moldova has never done such a large event in the history of Moldova."
He told AFP: "If everything goes well, this summit will become an activity to promote Moldova, which proves what a small country can achieve."
More than 2,000 representatives are expected to attend the summit.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E5%9B%BD%E5%AE%B6%E5%B0%86%E5%9C%A8%E6%91%A9%E5%B0%94%E5%A4%9A%E7%93%A6%E5%8F%AC%E5%BC%80%E5%B3%B0%E4%BC%9A%E8%A1%A8%E6%80%81%E5%8A%9B%E6%8C%BA 
The U.S. military creates a new spy submarine or will take over the "Jimmy Carter" to expand the leading advantage of the underwater operation 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (薛小山)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T12:07:11+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 05:26:16Z
Description: Facing the threat of China and Russia's continuous militaryization of deep -sea space, the United States is creating the most expensive spy submarine ever in the history. It may be equipped with professional unmanned underwater aircraft (UUV), remote control submersible (ROV) and other tools to perform on the bottom of the sea. Special tasks. Military experts believe that China is widely arranged underwater sensor networks to monitor US military activities in the Western Pacific waters. The new American submarine will play an important role in collecting intelligence in the Taiwan Strait, implementing sea defense and offensive operations.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['军事', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/new-u-s-spy-submarine-built-for-seabed-war-with-china-is-china-lagging-behind-/7114841.html 
Holding & quot; Cross -Strait Media People Summit & Quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T12:11:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:37:01-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Fourth Cross -Strait Media People Summit Baidu Encyclopedia screenshot(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx1-05302023103309.html/@@stream)Recently, the official "Cross -Strait Mediaman Beijing Summit" hosted by China was coldly encountered by Taiwan. Some media disclosed that due to the low willingness to attend the Taiwan media, the summit was forced to postpone twice, narrowed the scale, and even triggered the "anger" of the chairman of the CPPCC Wang Huning.
China "Cross -Strait Media Man's Summit" suffered from the cold encounter Chen Jianren: Taiwan media will not become a united front tool * Wang Yang United Front Taiwan Media Citizen Group: Legislative Guard 
Taiwan media "Liberty Times" reported on May 27 that the fifth "Cross -Strait Mediaman Beijing Summit" was originally scheduled to be held in Beijing from May 24th to 27th. Essence Wang Huning, chairman of the CPPCC National Committee of the Communist Party of China, will also give a speech and issue three important tasks, including creating an atmosphere for the "first year of democratic consultation" for the "two -system Taiwan plan"; closely follow the "Selection of War and peace", setting up the main axis of Taiwan's public opinion. ; And sing the Chinese economy and attract Taiwanese businessmen to invest in China.
The report pointed out that because the Taiwan media's willingness to attend is not high, the Taiwan Affairs Office of the China State Council has been forced to change the plan to merge the "Cross -Strait Media Summit" and the "Chinese Culture Summit", but it is still not enough to support the high -level Taiwan media. Wang Huning was furious, and the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Office was dull. The Chinese side was finally changed to the "Cross -Strait Merchants Media Marketing" event from May 29th to June 2nd, inviting Taiwan's small and medium -sized media, local radio stations and new online media to participate, and the scale was reduced into local media marketing activities.
According to the original "work plan" exposed, cross -strait media people Beijing Summit was hosted by the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, the Beijing Municipal People's Government, the Beijing Daily Group and other units, co -organized by Wangwangzhong Shi Shi Group and other units; Honorary team leader and head of the regiment; about 70 representatives of mainland media; the opening speech list includes Fu Hua, the head of Xinhua News Agency, Zhou Xiwei, deputy director of Wangzhong.
Wang Huning, Chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, who attended the opening ceremony of the Fourth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang, Wang Huning was originally scheduled to speak at the fifth "Cross -Strait Mediaman Beijing Summit". (Reuters data map) National Taiwan Affairs Office: Reports are not really obstructing cross -strait exchanges and cooperation 
Zhu Fenglian, a spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of Mainland China, said on the 29th that the "individual green media" reports were seriously not true, and the intention was extremely sinister. The purpose was to obstruct cross -strait exchanges and cooperation.
Wang Dingyu, a DPP legislator in Taiwan, pointed out that the CCP announced the launch of the cross -strait "big exchange" policy after the disease.
However, Wang Dingyu said: "China will not give up groups or media that cooperate with the CCP to destroy Taiwan's freedom and democracy. Prosecutors and judicial units should also understand whether there is something to violate relevant laws and regulations? Chairman, the first year of democratic negotiation, the great failure and failure of Taiwan may be a positive development. "Taiwan's immunity."
Wang Dingyu pointed out on Facebook that the high -level Taiwan media who agreed to attend are that only the China Review Society, the Kuomintang Party camp China Daily, and Taiwan Broadcasting Corporation. The above levels are not appropriate to arrange speaking.

DPP legislator Wang Dingyu commented on Facebook to comment on the Beijing Cross -Strait Media People Summit Taiwan Media to participate in the case of lack of willingness (screenshot of Wang Dingyu Facebook) 
Do you have any concerns about the media in Taiwan next year? 
Taiwanese senior media person Kang Renjun was interviewed and judged by Radio Asia on the 30th: "The first few sessions (summit) are mostly levels above the general manager and deputy editor -in -chief. It ’s not good. Saying to listen to training and united fronts, the media of the media are unwilling to be written by this article."
Kang Renjun mentioned that as long as the Taiwanese are on the Internet, they claim to be the media. There are many people in the mainland inviting such individual households and self -media to support the field. The title is the chairman and general manager, and it sounds good.
Kang Renjun believes that the main media should generally send members: "Taiwan media considerations choose to attend, based on the parts on the mainland, which can be smoothly reduced to the level. I hope that your media will land on the mainland, and the touch rate will not be hindered. "
** The media people are worried that they are involved in the "National Security Law" on both sides of the strait.Lin Baohua said: "The Chinese Communist Party clearly wants to fight awareness war, and the problem of war and peace. Only half a year before the election remains. It is still the DPP to win, and it will also worry that the DPP will calculate the account after the national security law. "
Lin Baohua believes that this is the "frustration" of the Communist Party's United Front media, not "failure", and the frustration will come again. This year, there are "Straits Forum" and "Shuangcheng Forum", but the editor -in -chief of Eight Banner Culture Fucha Yanhe In the name of Guoan investigations, three or four hundred writers, culture, and literary and artistic people at home and abroad co -signed to make support for Taiwanese media and cultural people to communicate in China. Essence
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Editor: Xu Shuting, He Ping.com Edited: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hx1-05302023103309.html 
The vice chairman of the Sudan sovereignty committee called on the conflict under the African protection umbrella and the shelling of the Khatamemoum in the African protection umbrella 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-05-30T12:17:45
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T12:17:45
Description: Malik Agel, vice chairman of the Sudan sovereignty committee, visited Kenya and met with the President of Kenya that under the African protection umbrella established by the Intergovernmental Development Authority (Igat),
Images: [" 1-1685448194.png ", " 1-1685448256.jpg ", " 2-1685448286.jpg ", " 1-1685448319.jpg "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '苏丹']
Type: Article
 A reporter from the Peninsula reported that he heard a loud noise in southern Khamoum and saw a fighter flight (Reuters)
Malik Agel, vice chairman of the Sudan sovereignty committee, said during the visit to Kenya and met with the President of Kenya that under the African umbrella established by the Intergovernmental Development Authority (Igat), Sudan needs to take effective measures to achieve peace, and avoid taking more as much as possible Item measures.
At the same time, the Sudan army continued to conflict with the rapid support forces in several areas of Sudan, including Khamoum, and a reporter from Peninsula TV reported that this morning I heard a loud noise in the south of the city and saw a fighter flight. Houxian, the conflict between the conflict announced that the ceasefire agreement reached under Saudi Arabia and the United States on May 20 was extended for 5 days.
A reporter from the Peninsula TV also reported that in the southern and northern Khatayoue heard the noise of gunfire. Before the last ceasefire agreement expired, the military fighter bombed the position of the rapid support troops near the Capital Hafa Bridge. Conflict with the west and used various weapons. A reporter on Peninsula also reported that the two sides conflicted again in Western cities Niala.
 Will the Sudan Anti -War Agreement continuously exist?
Welcome to rest war 
The Saudi Arabia and the United States welcomed the Sudan armed forces and the rapid support forces to extend the suspension agreement for 5 days. The African Affairs Office of the U.S. State Department stated that "extending the suspension agreement will strive for more humanitarian assistance and restoration of basic services."
The African Affairs Office of the United States State Department pointed out that the previous off -war agreement allowed humanitarian assistance to approximately 2 million sultans, although it did not get full respect.
The Saudi News Agency reported that the two sides of the armistice agreed to discuss long -term ceasefire and emphasized that the armed forces must withdraw from the hospital.
On the other hand, a spokesman for the Sudan political reconciliation process Herido Omar You Sufu welcomed the extended ceasefire agreement, calling on strict compliance with the terms of the agreement, concentrating on solving the severe worsening humanitarian situation, and people's suffering exceeded the limit.
Dafallah Al-Hajali, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and Chairman of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in an interview with Peninsula TV that the Sudan government agreed to extend the ceasefire period and did not seek war.
Ali said that the current measures are limited to the realization of ceasefire and providing only humanitarian assistance. He also pointed out that the army has decision -making and will not overdo the force of civilians to protect the lives of civilians.
Ali also emphasized that the Sudan army did not directly participate in negotiations with the so -called "rebels", and he also pointed out that the Sudan government insisted on his opinion on finding an alternative to the United Nations in Sudan to make Volc Pedz.
 Sudan Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and chairman of the sovereign committee Dafala Hagi Ali
forced to participate in the war 
On the other hand, the rapid support forces in Ensiman's commander Mohammed Najib said that the fast support forces were forced to participate in the war and forced to defend themselves.
Muhammad Najib said that according to the media reports of rapid support forces -his troops will do their best to realize the principle of the December Revolution and realize democratic transformation in the country, no matter what the price pays.
Najib promises to curb criminals and criminals he calls the dignity of citizens.
Quickly supports the political consultant of the army, You Sufu Izart, also emphasized that it is necessary to accelerate permanent ceasefire, so that all parties outside the outside world have no chance to interfere with the Sudan crisis as he said.
In a statement issued to Monte Carlo International Broadcasting Station, Izart confirmed that the rapid support forces did not receive any support from Russia or Wagner Military Group.
He added that the rapid support forces commander Muhammad Hamdan Dacro(Hermei)The contract signed with Wagner was refused to deal with these groups, and the contract with Wagner ended with the fall of the Omar Balle regime.
Attack Hospital 
Regarding humanitarian news, the Global Doctor Association said that it monitored a Sudan doctor's chest and died, and the other three doctors were abducted and brought to unknown destinations.
The organization added in a statement that it recorded the situation where the three hospitals were transformed into a barracks, namely: the medical center of the Mam Alim Medical City, the Global Hospital and the University of Khatoo. Abdul Fadir Almarz Ophthalmology Hospital was robbed and destroyed.
The organization called for a pure humanitarian problem to stay away from hospitals and medical institutions.
The Global Medical Association called on the Federal Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health of the Kazaku, the Sudan Doctor Federation and the Medical Association to play a role in this issue. Convention.
Dr. Muhammad Abdul-Rashim, the head of emergency management of the Global Physician Association, accused the army of rapid support for the occupation hospital and turned it into a barracks.
 Sudan is cautious and calm with Africa calls unconditionally calm

On the other hand, the UN Humanitarian Aid Coordination Office announced that armed conflicts in Sudan have forced approximately 1.4 million people to escape to Sudan and overseas regions.
It is worth noting that since the outbreak of April 15th, the Sudan army led by the Boolean and the rapid support of Mohammed Hamdan Dgaglo broke out. In the country, about 350,000 people seeking refuge in neighboring countries.
According to the armed conflict location and event data items(ACLED)Data, since the outbreak of the battle, the number of deaths has reached 1,800, most of which have died in the capital and the capital of Sidalfur's capital.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/5/30/%e8%8b%8f%e4%b8%b9%e4%b8%bb%e6%9d%83%e5%a7%94%e5%91%98%e4%bc%9a%e5%89%af%e4%b8%bb%e5%b8%ad%e5%91%bc%e5%90%81%e5%9c%a8%e9%9d%9e%e6%b4%b2%e4%bf%9d%e6%8a%a4%e4%bc%9e%e4%b8%8b%e8%a7%a3%e5%86%b3%e5%86%b2 
Fuzhou visitor Ye Zhong was abducted and disappeared for more than ten days due to the "Central Asian Summit" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T12:27:57-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T12:27:57-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Master's visit to Gulhan Town, Jin'an District, Fuzhou City, Fujian, Ye Zhong, a web picture that was abducted by the "Central Asian Summit" According to a report by Overseas Rights Resources Network on the 30th, Ye Zhong, a master's degree in Gushan Town, Jin'an District, Fuzhou City, Fuzhou City, has been abducted for more than ten days for the "Central Asian Summit". With the help of many visitors such as Tang Zhaoxing and other visitors, Ye Zhong's wife, all the detention centers and black prison in Fuzhou, all detention centers, and all detention centers in Fuzhou. Please pay attention. It is reported that Ye Zhong changed the official "Central Asian Summit" information in the WeChat group. At two in the early morning of May 18, the authorities "checked the water watch" lost their personal freedom. The Minnan Liu Hexian, Zhuyu Village, Yuefeng Town, Jin'an District, Qiu Xiangying, was forced to visit the people, and Tang Zhaoxing, a well -known rights protection person. By the end of the "Central Asian Summit" on May 21, except for Ye Zhong's abduction and not gained freedom, other rights protection visitors in Fuzhou have gained temporary freedom. Ye Zhong's wife Li Meiying is a cancer patient. During the restriction of personal freedom due to the "Central Asian Summit", like another cancer visitor Liu Hexian, the door of the house was locked by chains. , Survival is more difficult than the "dynamic clearing" period. Visitors in Fuzhou's rights protection community have been discussing the rescue methods. It is also hoped that the authorities can have a minimum human nature to allow Ye Zhong to go home as soon as possible. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-05302023122151.html 
North Korea will launch military reconnaissance satellites 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T12:35:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T12:36:17-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The satellite photos released by the Planetlabs show that North Korea is newly built in the launching station in Dongcangli. The Associated Press Photo According to the official North Korean Central News Agency reported on the 30th, North Korea announced that it would launch a military reconnaissance satellite in June to monitor the military operations of the United States and its partners in real time. In a statement, the DPRK Society said that Li Bingzhe, vice chairman of the Central Military Commission of the Labor Party, condemned that joint military exercises held by the United States and South Korea publicly showed their "reckless ambitions." Comprehensive media reports, last week, the United States and South Korea began a three -week large -scale military exercise. The exercise is part of the demonstration of North Korea, while the North Korean side has accelerated the launch of the missile. Pyongyang notified the Japan Maritime Security Agency on Monday to launch the satellite in the next two weeks. Japan responded to North Korea's announcement, saying that the launch would violate the resolution passed by the UN Security Council on the missile test in Pyongyang. The Ministry of Defense of Japan has ordered its land and sea -based ballistic missiles to intercept forces that seem to threaten its territory. Relevant officials said that the launch may affect the waters east of the Philippine Island in the Yellow Sea, the East China Sea, and the Philippine Sea. According to the Associated Press, the main allies of North Korea have called on North Korea's announcement of the launch of satellites to once again call on politics to solve the tension. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-05302023122916.html 
At least 30 NATO soldiers were injured in the conflict between Kosovo and the Series 
Author: 通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-05-30T12:55:58
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T12:55:58
Description: NATO peacekeeping forces said 11 Italian soldiers and 19 Hungarian soldiers were injured, including fractures and burns.
Images: [" 1-1685450199.jpg ", " 2-1685450231.jpg ", " 3-1685450269.jpg "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '塞尔维亚', '欧洲', '科索沃']
Type: Article
 Soldiers of the Faculty of Science and Kosovo police guard a municipal building in Zirkaku(Associated Press)NATO's leadership in Kosovova, the army or the residents, will increase the number of soldiers injured in the fierce conflict with the Cyprises to 30.
The Sai people tried to take over the office of a city in northern Kosovo. The mayor of the Albanians worked here last week.
On Tuesday, May 30th stated that 11 Italian soldiers and 19 Hungarian soldiers were "injured and injured, including fractures and burns caused by simple explosive combustion devices."
It added that three Hungarian soldiers were "injured by guns", but there was no danger of life.
Some conflicts occurred in Zewcan, 45 kilometers (28 miles) north of the capital Pleishtina.
Major General Angelo Michel Lisucia said, "Both sides need to bear all responsibilities and prevent the situation from being further upgraded instead of hiding behind false words."
The Sai people plan to gather again on Tuesday.

Serbian President Alexander Wuccic stayed with his troops at the Kosovo border all night.
Last week, under his order, they were in the highest alert state. Wugic said that 52 Sei people were injured in the conflict, and 3 of them were seriously injured.
The Kosovo police claimed that four were arrested.
This violent incident was the latest incident since weekends. At that time, the Series in northern Kosovo tried to prevent the recently elected Albanian officials from entering the municipal building.
The Kosovo police launched tear gas to dispel the crowd and let new officials enter the office.
Serbia announced that the country's army entered a high state of alertness and sent more army to the Kosovo border.
 A soldier in the Kokosova was carried on the stretcher after being injured in the conflict between the Zewcan in northern Kosovo and the Kosova.(Associated Press)With Belgrade's rejection of the sovereignty of Kosovo in 2008, Kosovo and Serbia have been enemies for decades.
The United States and the European Union have stepped up efforts to help solve the dispute between Cosovo Serbia. They are worried that with Russia's war in Ukraine, Europe will further fall into a state of instability.
The European Union has made it clear to Serbia and Kosovo that if they have made any progress in joining the European Union, they must achieve normalization.
The so -called "five twins", namely France, Italy, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Their Western ambassadors met with Prime Minister Albin Kurdi in Porishi, asking him to take measures to ease the tension and strongly condemn it. The violence of the segue on the resident forces and journalists.
Kurotti pointed out after the meeting, "The crusher graffiti of the extreme nationalism in NATO is a dark reminder in Kosovo. We advocate peace and security."
The "Five Bive" Ambassador will meet with Wugic. In addition, he will meet with Russia and the Chinese ambassador to show his support for his policy.
The Savaki, La Pops Vizes, Zubin Potoco, and Mitrovi in the northern four autonomous cities held elections last month and were widely resisted by the Series.
 NATO soldiers were injured in the conflict between Kosovo and the Said protests(Peninsula TV Station)Only the Albania or other small ethnic minorities were selected as the mayor and parliament.
The Kosovo conflict broke out in 1998. At that time, the separated Albanians resisted the rule of Serbia and Serbia responded with brutal suppression.
About 13,000 people died, most of which were Albanians.
In 1999, the military intervention in NATO eventually forced Serbia to withdraw from the territory.
Washington and most EU countries have recognized Kosovo as an independent country, but Serbia, Russia and China have not recognized.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/5/30/%e8%87%b3%e5%b0%9130%e5%90%8d%e5%8c%97%e7%ba%a6%e5%a3%ab%e5%85%b5%e5%9c%a8%e7%a7%91%e7%b4%a2%e6%b2%83%e4%b8%8e%e5%a1%9e%e6%97%8f%e4%ba%ba%e7%9a%84%e5%86%b2%e7%aa%81%e4%b8%ad%e5%8f%97%e4%bc%a4 
The American and China Space competition exacerbates three astronauts in China to fly to the space station 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T13:01:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T13:10:47-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The astronauts of Shenzhou 15 and No. 16 spacecraft took photos at the core sky of the China Space Station on the 30th. Han Qiyang/Xinhua Via AP on Tuesday, China sent its first non -military aerospace to the space track, becoming one of the new multiplication groups in the country. As the increasingly fierce military and technical competition in the United States triggered geopolitics, this move shows China's growth in the growth of space. The Wall Street Journal of the United States reported on the 30th that on Tuesday morning, rockets equipped with Shenzhou 16 and three astronauts were launched from a launch site in Gobi Beach, northern China, and began a journey of more than six hours to the Tiangong Space Station. This is the first task since China completed the construction and equipment of the permanent manned space station. China is preparing to further explore the space to send the astronauts to the moon and even detect in Mars. The United States regards China's space plans as another front of the two countries that deepen the confrontation, and has limited the exports of some technologies and components to prevent China from gaining competitive advantages. The United States is preparing for potential space conflicts and has strengthened its deterrent to China. In March, the White House proposed an annual budget of $ 30 billion for its space forces, an increase of nearly $ 4 billion over the previous year. According to Reuters, China is expected to carry out a manned mission to transport astronauts to the space station this year. China is scheduled to launch a bus -size space telescope by the end of 2023. This optical cabin named "Tour" is part of the Chinese planned manned space station with a diameter of two meters. With it, it can observe a space of more than 350 times more than the current "Hubble" space telescope than the current US "Hubble" space telescope. "Hubble" in the United States(Hubble Space Telescope)It was launched 33 years ago. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-05302023125735.html 
Qin Gang met Musk, CEO of Tesla 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T13:08:00Z
Description: On May 30, 2023, the State Councilor and Foreign Minister Qin Gang met Musk, CEO of Tesla in Beijing; Musk said that Tesla opposed the "detachable chain" and was willing to continue to expand its business in China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '上海', '中国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['中国', '马斯克', '秦刚', '特斯拉', '上海', '超级工厂', '李强']
Id: 65771877
Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang met with Tesla CEO Musk
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs released the news that Qin Gang met with Tesla CEO Mask on Tuesday (May 30), saying that Qin Gang said that the Chinese people are comprehensively promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation with Chinese -style modernization. Essence Chinese -style modernization is the modernization of huge population, the common prosperity of all people, and the harmonious coexistence of nature and nature. It will create unprecedented growth potential and market demand. The development of China's new energy vehicle industry is broad.
According to the news released by China, the Chinese Foreign Minister said that China will continue to unswervingly promote high -level opening to the outside world, and is committed to creating better marketization, rule of law, and international business environment for enterprises including Tesla, including Tesla companies Essence China's development is the opportunity of the world. A healthy, stable, and constructive Sino -US relations are both conducive to China and the United States and the world. The metaphorical metaphor of Naptezra car. To develop a good Sino -US relations, you need to move the quasi -steering wheel along the correct direction of mutual respect, peaceful coexistence, and win -win cooperation proposed by President Xi Jinping; timely "stepping on the brakes" to avoid "dangerous driving" ; Good at "stepping on the accelerator" and promoting mutually beneficial cooperation.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, Musk said that the Chinese people's diligence and wisdom, and the achievements of China's development were taken for granted. The interests of the United States and China blend, just like a conjoined baby. Tesla opposes the "detachable chain" and is willing to continue to expand its business in China and share China's development opportunities. "
Earlier, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Mao Ning said at a regular press conference on May 30 that China has always welcomed people from all countries, including Mr. Musk, to visit China to better understand China and promote mutual mutual cooperation.
Musk's private jet landed on May 30 at Beijing Capital International Airport
Tesla's Energy Storage Super Factory plans to start construction in the third quarter 
Musk's trip was the first time since visiting the Tesla Shanghai plant in early 2020. The super factory built in Shanghai in Shanghai in 2019 is its highest productive for power manufacturer. In 2022, it delivered over 710,000 electric vehicles, becoming Tesla's major export center in the world.
On April 9 this year, Tesla announced in Twitter that it would open an energy storage plant in Shanghai and produce 10,000 MEGAPACK batteries each year. This will be Tesla's second factory in Shanghai.
Xinhua News Agency reported on April 9 that Tesla's newly -built energy storage super factory in Shanghai is planned to start in the third quarter of 2023 and be put into production in the second quarter of 2024.
Tesla faces multiple problems 
Tesla is currently facing many problems, including competition with Chinese auto manufacturers when the Chinese market is weak.
About 60%of Tesla's electric vehicles produced in China are sold in China. According to the data of the Federation of Federation, Tesla retails 439,800 vehicles in the Chinese market in 2022. However, with the weakening of demand in the third quarter of last year, Tesla has worked hard to solve the problem of rising Shanghai inventory, and January this year in January this year, greatly significantly Price reduction for sale , Trigger a series of chain reactions in the Chinese market.
Tesla plans to increase the annual capacity of the Shanghai plant from 1.25 million to 1.75 million, but it has not been approved by China. It is reported that the National Development and Reform Commission of China has been working hard to solve the problem of overcapacity in the automotive industry, and has always been cautious about approval of new capacity.
Musk said to the US CNBC TV station earlier this month: "Our ability to expand in China has been limited. This is not a need for demand." He also stated in the same interview that the tension between the United States and China should be "should be" the United States and China "should be" should be "should be" "should be" in the United States and China. " Everyone should care about issues. "
In 2021, according to the Wall Street Journal and other reports, the Chinese government restricts the people of the military, sensitive industries, and the personnel of the state -owned enterprises and important agencies in Tesla cars, because the car is concerned that the car may cause the national security information leakage.
On the other hand, the relationship between Musk and China also attracted attention in Washington. US President Biden said last November that the connection between this executive and foreign countries "is worth seeing" Essence
Will you meet with Li Qiang? 
According to Reuters in March this year, Musk plans to visit China and seek to meet with the Chinese State Council Prime Minister Li Qiang. In April 2020, Li Qiang, then the secretary of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee, held a video connection with Musk. The British "Financial Times" reported that Li Qiang convinced Musk to establish Tesla's first overseas factory in Shanghai when he served as Shanghai Secretary, which was regarded as one of the main achievements of Li Qiang's main administration in Shanghai.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/秦刚会晤特斯拉首席执行官马斯克/a-65771877?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
What caused the fatal conflict between Afghanistan and Iran? What will happen next? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-05-30T13:35:57
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T13:36:48
Description: Afghanistan and Iranian guards broke out on the border last week, causing people's concerns about new conflicts.
Images: [" 1-1685452926.jpg ", " 1-1685453015.png ", " 1-1685453159.png ", " 1-1685453364.jpg "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '伊朗', '阿富汗']
Type: Article
 Taliban armed elements conflict with Iranian border forces
Afghanistan and Iranian guards broke out on the border last week, causing people's concerns about new conflicts.
Both sides accused the other party of launching a shooting incident, which killed at least two Iranian and an Afghan guard. However, they issued a careful statement aimed at ease the situation.
According to the Iranian Republic News Agency, after the border violence, the Iranian authorities closed the border post of Milak-Zaranj, which is an important business crossroad-instead of conflict-until it goes to another go. notify.
Although it has reached a treaty since 1973 shared the Waterwater area of the Heldand River, the two sides have argued for decades, and this river has flowed from Afghanistan to eastern Iran.
What caused the dispute? 
The reason for the conflict is unclear, but on the occasion of the border whistle between Nimruz, Afghanistan and Iranan-Baluchi Province, Iranian President Ibrahima Lais accused of accusations earlier this month this month The rulers of Taliban in Afghanistan violated the 1973 treaty and restricted the water to the eastern part of Iran.
Ibrahim Leis said on May 18, "We will not allow the rights of our people to be violated."
Taliban -denied this allegations -called for "solving problems" according to the treaty, at the same time, Taliban, since it came to power in August 2021, has been in a state of diplomatic isolated -said it hopes to establish a "good relationship" with Tehran.
According to Sina Toossi, a senior and very resident researcher at the US Think Tank International Policy Center (CIP), both sides "lack a clear division and understanding of border boundaries and rules."
Since taking over Afghanistan two years ago, Iranian officials have repeatedly accused the Taliban of disregarding international law and border agreements. His conflicts broke out many times, but rarely caused casualties and were often blamed "misunderstandings."
One day before the border conflict, Iranian Foreign Minister Hussein Amra Bu Durahian called on Taliban to "follow the legal framework" to resolve water resources disputes.
"In recent years, the rulers of Afghanistan, including Taliban, have not obeyed this treaty," Sina Tosssie told Peninsula Television. "In recent years, Afghan rulers, including Taliban, have not complied with In addition, Kabul only follows the "a small part of the quantity".
Sina Toscy said: "The continuous worsening drought in Iran has exacerbated this situation, making the water problem more and more serious."
Taliban issued a statement saying that it did not want to "fight against neighbors."
 The Iranian flag appeared in the Mirak transit point (Reuters) between Iran and Afghanistan (Reuters)
What are the water resources disputes between Afghanistan and Iran? 
The Hermand River is more than 1,000 kilometers (621 miles) in length and flows across the border.
According to the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization(FAO)It is said that in about 30 years, drought has been a problem in Iran, and the situation has deteriorated in the past ten years. The Iranian Meteorological Organization stated that it is estimated that 97%of the country's regions now face a certain degree of drought.
According to the Hermand Water Treaty signed by Afghanistan and Iran half a century ago, Afghanistan should share 850 million cubic meters of water in Herndan Province each year.
It also urged the two parties to resolve differences through diplomatic channels. If it fails, it is resolved by the consulting committee led by the joint arbitrators.
Iran has accused Afghanistan that failed to abide by the treaty and opposed its decision to build a dam on this river.
 Observation Tower (Reuters) between Afghanistan and Iran, located in Mirak's transit point in Iran,
What is the reaction of the conflict between the two countries? 
Taliban leaders have called for such problems to "solve such problems through diplomatic channels.
Afghan Interim Government Foreign Ministry spokesman Harfitz Ahamed told Saudi Arabia media on Monday that "we don't want the relationship with neighboring countries to deteriorate. The Islamic chief of Afghanistan never supports upgrading."
At the same time, the Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, South Asia Division, Said, Said Ruser Muzavi, urged the two countries to avoid conflicts, because it was not good for both parties.
Muzavi posted on Twitter that "if the people and elites of the two countries are smart, any form of conflict will not be conducive to the strategy of both parties."
Analyst Tssey believes that the border conflict has prompted the two sides to ease the situation and "reiterate their promise to dialogue and cooperation."
Tssey said that there were signs that Iran had an open -minded manner, because the foreign minister of the Taliban agent met with an Iranian special envoy on the day of the conflict and discussed the water rights of the Hermand River.
 Hermand (Peninsula TV) along the Iran-Afghanist border
Where will the relationship between Afghanistan and Iran go? 
Tssey said that because Kabul and Tehran "trying to balance their interests and concerns", the relationship between the two countries is still "uncertain".
Tosi said, "It is unclear whether Taliban has withdrawn their fighters from the border, or whether they will abide by the agreement in the future," before, the video showed that a large number of Taliban militants approached the Iranian border last week.
Tosi added that the water resources dispute between the two countries may still be a "controversial issue" because the two countries are facing increasingly serious water resources and demand.
In addition, although Iran had a dialogue with Taliban, it did not formally acknowledge that Taliban was the legal ruler of Afghanistan.
This Shiites' accounted for the formation of an inclusive government representing all ethnic and religious groups representing all ethnic and religious groups in Afghanistan.
Tssey said, "Iran expressed concern about the security and well -being of the people in Afghanistan, especially Shiita Paihazala ethnic minorities. They used to face the persecution and violence of Taliban."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/5/30/%e4%bb%80%e4%b9%88%e5%af%bc%e8%87%b4%e4%ba%86%e9%98%bf%e5%af%8c%e6%b1%97%e4%b8%8e%e4%bc%8a%e6%9c%97%e8%be%b9%e5%a2%83%e7%9a%84%e8%87%b4%e5%91%bd%e5%86%b2%e7%aa%81%e6%8e%a5%e4%b8%8b%e6%9d%a5%e5%b0%86 
Lulai met with Maduro Baba to enter the "new era" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T13:36:00Z
Description: Venezuela leader Madro met with Brazil's left president Lula before attending the regional summit in Brazil. Earlier, Lula's right -wing predecessor Bolsonaro banned Maduro from entering Brazil.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '足球世界杯', '巴西', '美国']
Keywords: ['卢拉', '马杜罗', '新时代', '委内瑞', '巴西', '美国', '制裁']
Id: 65772645
Venezuela President Maduro (left) has been banned from visiting Brazil for many years
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Brazil President Lula met on Monday (May 29) and met with Venezuela President Maduro, and said that the US sanctions on Venezuela were "too exaggerated" Essence
Maduro is regarded as a controversial leader internationally He was invited to visit Brazil and was embraced and patted by Lula's Presidential Palace.
Lula invited this Venezuela leader to attend the South American Leadership Summit on Tuesday to discuss the revitalization of the South American National Alliance(UNASUR)Essence Lula publicly criticized the United States to deny the legitimacy of the Maduro's socialist government. The Washington believes that the Madro government is an autocracy and is suspected of infringing human rights. In addition, Lula also accuses the United States of "900 sanctions" on Venezuela Essence
The two Latin American leaders said they would restore the normal relationship between Brazil and Venezuela, and this relationship was greatly impacted under the leadership of Lula's predecessor and former Brazilian right -wing president Bosonaro. During the term of Borsonaro, the Brazil and the Maduro government cut off their relationships. Together with the United States and about 50 other countries, they acknowledged the opposition leader Guydo as a temporary president of Venezuela after the Venezuela's 2018 election.
Since taking office in January 2023, Lula has been committed to restoring relations with Venezuela and trying to change the foreign policy of the Brazilian Borsonaro.
Lula said at a press conference: "Venezuela has always been an outstanding partner of Brazil. However, because of the political situation and artificial mistakes, President Maduro has not visited Brazil for 8 years."
Lula described Maduro's trip to Brazil as the "new moment" of Brazil and Venezuela's relations and "Maduro's return".
*#
Venezuela: Temporary forgotten trouble 
photo 
In view of the continuous political and economic crisis, about 3 million Venezuelas have left their hometowns and fled abroad. Do something happy with relatives and friends in my spare time, and may be temporarily forgotten trouble and restlessness. The picture shows a pair of young sisters take a group photo.
*#
Venezuela: Temporary forgotten trouble 

For the residents of the capital Galagas, it is very pleasant to go to the Caribbean coastal on the weekend. However, due to the soaring prices, such travel activities have been unpredictable for most people. The seaside day trip takes about $ 15 to 20, while the Venezuelars have a minimum monthly income of only $ 6.
*#
Venezuela: Temporary forgotten trouble 
Far away from the hustle and bustle of the city 
In the past, soldiers Martinez often went to a 40 -kilometer coast from Galagas. And this time with his girlfriend and his family, it was his first time in a year. Martinez, 26, said: "Because of the current situation in China, it is impossible to come to the beach often. However, relaxing by the beach will help forget the current situation in China."
*#
Venezuela: Temporary forgotten trouble 
Playing and promoting friendship 
Every Sunday, a group of men in the capital Galagas played a battle ball like about, and their family members were cheering. A player said: "In the past, we would drink a few glasses of beer together. But now we can't afford it." The night fell, and the ball game must be accepted, because the lighting equipment on the court has long been stolen, The iron net beside the court was not spared.
*#
Venezuela: Temporary forgotten trouble 

A group of young people on the street are practicing Perak dance. "When we danced at the beginning, we would completely throw the current situation in China." However, some of his friends also admitted that because it has been unable to eat enough recently, it is difficult to be as crazy as in the past for a long time in the past. dance.
*#
Venezuela: Temporary forgotten trouble 
finally graduated! 
Genersgonzalez was taking pictures at a scenic spot, and she had just obtained a university psychology degree. His father said: "Although it is a difficult period now, but when you encounter good things, you should celebrate it."
*#
Venezuela: Temporary forgotten trouble 
"Break it!Broke it!" 
There must be no fun in life, this must be people's thoughts. Pinata is always indispensable at Venezuela's children's birthday celebration. This is a kind of paper paste with candy and gifts. The children can get unexpected surprises after the children are broken. Of course, singing children's songs together is also an essential program.
*#
Venezuela: Temporary forgotten trouble 
No free fun 
Young people in Venezuela like to fly a kite. This is a kite with plastic bags, bamboo sticks and nylon ropes. However, even this simple kite is to be packed, because a nylon rope price reaches 10,000 Bolivar, which is equivalent to $ 3.
Author: UTA STEINWEHR(Germany, Reuters, Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/卢拉会见马杜罗-巴委跨入-新时代/a-65772645?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
India considers 90 % of the import tax products from the fierce lighting board from China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T13:46:00Z
Description: According to sources, India considers halving the import tax of photovoltaic boards and reduced the product and service tax of photovoltaic products at the same time to make up for the shortcomings of the real estate capacity and meet the growing demand for renewable energy. Last year, in order to suppress imports from China, India levied as much as 40%of tariffs on photovoltaic products.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '印度', '能源转型', '中国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['光伏', '光伏板', '太阳能电池板', '光伏产品', '印度', '中国', '绿色能源', '可再生能源']
Id: 65772670
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) According to the three government sources quoted by Reuters, the Ministry of Renewable Energy of India conducted consultations with the Ministry of Finance, hoping to approve the request to reduce the import tax of photovoltaic boards from 40%to 20%from 40%to 20%. Essence This decision has not yet been implemented.
In addition, sources said that the two ministries and commissions may also recommend the Indian Commodity and Service Taxation Committee to reduce the commodity and service tax (GST) of photovoltaic boards, from 12%to 5%in 2021.
These measures will help Indian photovoltaic energy giants such as TATA POWER, Adani Green, and Vikramsola. Despite the contract for photovoltaic energy supply, they are facing the situation of local equipment shortage.
Inhibit China's import strengthening renewable energy autonomy 
In April 2022, India levied 40%of tariffs on imported photovoltaic boards, imposed 25%tariffs on photovoltaic batteries, thereby suppressing imports from China. Indian Prime Minister Modi hopes to strengthen its own renewable energy.
However, a source said that the production capacity of India is lagging behind and needs to be imported to fill the gap.
European dependence on China's solar industry is about to end? 
Modi hopes to achieve the goal of installing 365 MW optical power energy from 2031-2032. India is advancing a series of green energy movements from electric vehicles to sustainable aviation fuel.
At present, India's annual photovoltaic capacity is 32 MW, but with the rise in business and industrial demand, the demand for green low -cost energy is 52 MW.
A government official said that the "expected to be nearly 8-10 MW per year" in the next two years of the team's photovoltaic board.
Jiucheng Photovoltaic Board once came from China 
Government data shows that from 2021 to 2022, India imported a photovoltaic board worth $ 3 billion, of which 92%came from China. Sources said that tax reduction measures are expected to reduce the cost of imported photovoltaic boards by one -fifth, which is close to the price of products produced in India.
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/印度考虑猛降光伏板进口税-产品9成来自中国/a-65772670?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Foreign media: Poor countries have been pushed to the edge of collapse by China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T13:49:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T15:08:50-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Construction workers in Kenya are completing the railway construction through the corner of the Nairobi National Park. This is part of the project of China to build a railway system in the country. Information of the Associated Press Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/junshiwaijiao/hx2-05302313929.html/@stream This year is the tenth anniversary of China's initiative to propose the "Belt and Road" initiative. The issue of developing countries' debt trap due to participation in related projects has also received increasing attention from international public opinion. Some American media disclosed that as China is recovering debts from developing countries, leading to Pakistan, Kenya, and Laos, the poorest countries such as Pakistan, Kenya, and Laos have been pushed to the edge of collapse.
Experts call on the US capital increase international financial institutions to resist China's debt trap * The Ten Anniversary of the Belt and Road "is still effective to assist the development of the banner? 
The Associated Press reported on May 18th that there are more than a dozen poverty -stricken countries in the world, including Zambia, Kenya, Laos, Pakistan, Mongolia, etc., because tens of billions of dollars of foreign loans are difficult to repay and are facing economic instability or even even The verge of bankruptcy. Some of the loans of related debt have been squeezed out of the foreign exchange reserves of the loan country, or only a few months of foreign exchange reserves. As high as 50%of these countries are from China, and more than one -third of government taxes are used to repay debts. Among them, Zambia and Sri Lanka have declared bankruptcy, and even interest is unable to repay interest.
The main reason for these poor countries to fall into the debt trap is that there are many empty shell borrowings under the countertop, unfair loan clauses, and China is unwilling to broaden the loan period. It is extremely confidential to the loan amount and terms, making it difficult for other creditor countries to help them involve.
The report pointed out that Bradparks, the CEO of Aiddata, to assist the Associated Press to investigate, to track China's loan behavior and find that there are two major traps: Beijing will ask for a loan country to deposit cash into the hidden third -party custody account and let China allow China When the loan country stops paying interest, it will take the money directly, and without the knowledge of other creditor countries, it will become the lending party to be repaid first. In addition, Beijing borrowed hundreds of unknown loans of the World Bank. At that time, China was spreading coins through the "Belt and Road", which further led to the high corruption lending national debt.
The Associated Press mentioned that China also set up an empty company to carry out loan operations under the table. For example, Zambia borrowed $ 1.5 billion to build a large -scale power power reservoir from two Chinese banks through the shell company, but could not find relevant records. "In 88 countries, at least 385 billion US dollars of Chinese debt were hidden or not declared."
Lin Tinghui, deputy secretary -general of the Taiwan International Law Society, accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia, and pointed out that "When China was borrowed to these countries, it had long been estimated that there was no possibility of interest and principal. It is not that I really want to support them, and ask the lending state to deposit cash into the hidden third -party custody account. For the borrowing country, China is a relatively unwilling approach. "
Sri Lanka is facing a serious economic crisis, leading to the lack of basic living materials in the country. The picture shows the capital vendor in the capital of Kelunbo waiting for customers on the street on March 8.(Reuters pictures) Scholar: "Belt and Road" is the debt trap of China to win the third world ****
Lin Tinghui said that the "Belt and Road" was originally "Qiankeng". In order to win the "Third World", China did not bring the local economic prosperity model. These countries are in a bad situation. The epidemic has declined for three years, and countries along the Russian and Ukraine have become poverty. China used to use money diplomacy in the past. At this time, China's economy was not good, and it was not exempted from debt with these countries instead of debt.
Lin Tinghui said that the optional plan of the "Belt and Road" will also encourage the incident of corruption. This is also a question of criticism from all walks of life: "It is not that it is not good to assist these countries, but that what you do is different from the development of transparency in the development of international assistance plans to develop transparency. . China has been asking hard to eat, and the economic situation after the outbreak. These countries are affected. In the end, the World Bank and IMF (IMF (International Monetary Fund) will come out to help wipe the ass and add trouble to the international community. In the past, there have been cases in the past. ","
Zhong Zhidong, an assistant researcher at the National Institute of Defense Security, was interviewed by Radio Free Asia. It is troublesome that the previous debt country can carry out international coordination, but the debt between China and these countries is black box operations and is not transparent.
"Politicalization" in China * * debt black box is crisis crisis 
Zhong Zhidong said that Beijing's "Global Development Initiative" emphasized that under the core of development, the goal of "reducing poverty reduction and poverty alleviation" should be achieved. Today, the international debt crisis made by China is the biggest irony of this initiative. China has politically politically politically, lacks consideration of financial majors, and promotes infrastructure construction, and has also taken the allegations of Chinese "economic predators" and "economic stress" in Western countries. As a result, China not only caused the international debt crisis to the outside world, but also suffered from the domestic debt crisis from the central to the local area.
Pakistan has risen at the beginning of this year. The picture shows the people snapped up the flour for the purchase price allowance.(Associated Press information picture) 
Zhong Zhidong also said that the seven major industrial groups (G7) today also criticized China to set up debt traps with the "Belt and Road". Xi Jinping's approach is like Mao Zedong's "Great Leap Forward" in the 50th year of Mao Zedong, "Super British His Beauty", and he was handsome in political orders and swollen his face. Nowadays, China's lack of money, which has led to debt -owned countries that have led to bankruptcy of these poor countries, which will have a serious negative impact on China's international image and influence.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Editor: Xu Shuting, He Ping.com Edited: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx2-05302023133929.html 
Comments | Teng Biao: When a total of power and jokes meet (above) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T13:51:48-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T13:51:48-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On May 17, 2023, the signs of the laughing fruit talk show outside a theater in Shanghai. Agence France -Presse Pictures
A talk show actor was banned indefinitely because of a joke and was investigated by the police. This is a joke in the endless jokes of the Chinese Communist Party every day.
Li Haoshi(House)To describe wild dogs with "excellent style and can win the battle", it is quite humorous in the contemporary Chinese context. On this magical land in China, the actors were completely absent and did not dare to laugh at the army. However, they were reported and launched into the "insulting" people's Liberation Army. The huge fines were suspended and performed. Netizens said, "A diplomat does not represent the country to speak to the French media, and the Chinese government is not responsible for; but an actor tells a joke, but the company has to take responsibility."
When I left China in the second year of Qingfeng, China has not yet talk about things like a talk show. It is similar to a single cross talk, but it is not the same thing. What is called a talk show in China is not Talk Show, but StandupComedy. It is more accurate to call a single comedy or standing comedy. This stuff has not come early or late, and it is unexpected when a government regime wants to come serious. From the Jianghu era, which China has entered the new era of Xi Jinping's thought of "entering the mind into the soul", Zeitgeist is different from the time. ?
It can be an oversized producer of a joke. In today's world where AI and AV are so developed, autocracy itself is a joke. In order to maintain the excuses for their own rule without election, in order to maintain a great, glorious, and correct image, they must tamper with history and decorate reality. Therefore, it is impossible not to make a joke. "People's Daily" reported in 1966 that Mao Zedong traveled to the Yangtze River, deducting Shunliu help, and the 73 -year -old Mao Demon's speed was far beyond the world record. According to the official report of Lei Feng's picking up dung, there are bad netizens from the time of picking up the feces, the weight of each feces, the time of shovel and the basket, and the time to find the next dung is 2.8 seconds; Lei Feng, who is not good at his own specialty, must be in the pit!Huang Jiguang blocked the gun eye, put the pot, pans into a small blast furnace and large steel, produced 10,000 pounds per mu, broken four old, fierce words, and reported to report late -which laugh star can make such a big stalk? The Red Guards came to the Baiwei Bing. The urban management did not come to the agricultural management, and returned farmland to the forest to get back to the forest to return to the forest. It is not ridiculous enough to call for three babies to give birth to three babies, and the real -name system of kitchen knives went to Thailand to abduct Swedish citizens? Dr. Xi Jinping, who loves the name of the book, reads "commonly speaking farmers" as "uniforms in business", changed the name of King Gesar to King Sagel, hung his photos into the temple church, and closed the bears Viban , Also go to the masses to lift the lid at home, can you hold back and laugh? President Xi carried two hundred pounds of wheat without changing his shoulders. Chairman Kim Il Sung throwing a stone casually shot down a US satellite -the autocratic regime was the king of burst stalks in the four lights. Please raise your hand if you disagree?
Joke to eliminate autocracy. Comedy and authoritarian are born with a pair ... Nonjin. The autocracy must be pretended to be a great, serious, and truthfulness, and the power is in hand, the sacred and inviolability. The instincts of comedy are mixed. Regardless of what gods, emperors, wealth, truth, historical laws, authoritative science, traditional customs, all of you have become a material for irony, ridicule, spoofing, and elimination. In various types of comedy forms, monocular comedy (talk show) is also described as "offensive art". Under totalitarian, it can be called "the art of death." Comrade George Orwell, who saw the bottom pants of the power system for many years in advance, said: "What annoyed the existing order is funny. Every joke is a miniature revolution." Liu Xiaobo, who was buried without burial, also wrote Over, "the politics that is popular in the folk in private, it means that most of the conscience of silence is not unsatisfactory, and it also highlights the rotten of the foundation of the totalitarian system in public opinion." When the emperor shook his buttocks on the street, the audience There is a laughes and even the child who tells the truth. It's not a good paragraph without any provocation.
The review and reconstruction of a joke for autocracy have never stopped. The crosstalk, sketches, comedies and emerging talk shows under the autocracy of the Communist Party of China have almost completely lost their political critical function, and social criticism is often trembling, because social problems are also easy to be launched as political issues. Most comedies simply avoid political and social criticism. They can only find jokes in terms of marriage, family, gender, stars and other aspects. What's more common is to point the irony who is ridiculous to the weak. According to my long -term observation of Chinese comedy, there are very few comedy works that do not dig and discriminate against the weak. The most common is discrimination against poor people, rural people, physical workers, and disabled people. It is also common for those who have poor appearance, ethnic minorities, women, elderly people, and black people. What's more, there are a large number of comedy "art" that is not critical and praised, such as the Acura, the main melody comedy, and the touting crosstalk. In a normal society, the taunt of talk shows is often a senior official, star, rich, and powerful; it is an existing political system, social structure, religious belief and ideology. However, under the autocracy, the consequences are serious. "Don't look at you are so happy today, be careful to pull the list in the future." The thought police always smell sensitive, excellent style, and can win the battle.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/tengbiao/tb-05302023132339.html 
Comments | Teng Biao: totalitarian and jokes (below) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T13:52:12-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T13:52:12-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On May 17, 2023, the signs of the laughing fruit talk show outside a theater in Shanghai. Agence France -Presse Pictures
In 2010, my friend Wang Yi wrote a tweet that ridiculed the patriotic thief of the anti -Japanese Japanese, "Anger, rushing, hurry up!" The best application for global manuscript fees. One month after the Constitution of the Emperor Xi of Xi, the "connotation paragraph" of the short video and joke paragraph application that the people liked to see, and was permanently shut down by the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television because of "infertility and vulgarity". In 2019, the young cartoonist Zhang Dongning was sentenced to one year for "crime of provoking trouble" because of the human comics of pig heads. In 2020, the genius Uyghur talk show star Cam was arrested and was banned after being released. In 2020, the American handsome guy, rapper and comedian Lele Fulipin played the Bear Pooh, and Xi Jinping, who missed the party and the leader of the country, seriously hurt the feelings of the Chinese people and was immediately blocked by the entire network. In 2023, Meng Chuan was closed due to supporting white paper movements on Weibo. "Uncle Roger" was blocked by the Chinese government for a period of ridicule of the Chinese government and the Chinese government's performance in Taiwan. Chi Zi was blocked by China ’s entire network after his tour in North America. "Never allow the Communist Party's meals and smash the Communist Pot." In fact, no matter who you eat, you have to dare to smash the Communist pot, and the Communist Party will let you taste the power of Xi Jinping's new era of socialist iron fist. Everyone is serious!The General Secretary is going to be funny. The highest instructions: can only be told, not to smash the pot.
The totalitarian language is tasteless, the black and white upside down of totalitarian thought, the pretentiousness of the art of totalitarian art, the rudeness and false emptiness of the totalitarian culture, making it difficult for anyone who has independent thinking and aesthetic ability. When I was in the wall of the wall, I wrote a lot of articles, one of which was called "Change China by Chinese", which made extremely vicious attacks on the "Party News Society" and "News Broadcasting". "The governance of writing and speaking is achieved through the physical and spiritual governance of language users. In order to transform memory, instill ideas, and prevent independent writing, a comprehensive governance project of a strong cleaning language is required: the unit system of intellectuals, the unit system of intellectuals, Entry censorship, model literature, main theme, Chinese textbooks, political examinations, associations, text prisons, and writers and speakers. People can only speak wrong, want to speak, and point out, pointing in Sang Huai, turning corners, and ambiguous ... "But I guessed that the beginning, but did not guess the ending: When the party's ideal refers to the deer, who says" turning corners, finger mulberry scolding "? Not to mention that Sang scolded Huai, do you try a piece of white paper on the square? (Do you think I don't know what you want to write?)
I dare to bet on 8966 yuan, and Li Haoshi did not mean to insult the People's Liberation Army at all. But this is not important. If you have it, you have it, there is no. The key is that a serious vocabulary is used on the wrong things. This commonly used humor will inevitably conflict with the pretending of a serious system. By creatively using language, it can be used to imitate, spoof, collage, graffiti, deformation, exaggeration, and reversal on the tall things. This can be said to be the instinct of comedians and even all writers and artists. The talk show is inevitable, because no matter how you review yourself, your instincts can't hide it. The Communist Party's heart is that "it is important not to me." Data show that from 2020-2022, the talk show industry with a dancing of footsteps, the ticket warehouse increased from 20 million to 480 million, turning 24 times. The topic of "talk show" on Douyin exceeded 34.6 billion, and the topic of the fast -handed "talk show" played over 3.1 billion. Free eggs: One of the rules of Chinese totalitarian politics is probably that it is more popular than news webcasts and cannot be on the news network. It is not far from the iron fist that has suffered from the people's democratic dictatorship.
I want to comfort Li Haoshi, who was caught: "The breeze is not literate, so why not flip the book" is a harmless and interesting poem of humans and animals. However, in the eight years of Yongzheng, the author Xu Jun was reported to have a rebellious heart. Dare to ridicule the rulers of the Qing Dynasty? Cut your head!Chinese talk show actors think about it. Should you thank Huang En in the mighty?
Behind the ban on the talk show, it is not so much the madness of the authoritarian system, it is better to be the fear of the autocratic system. They are afraid of paragraphs, they are afraid of punk rock, they are afraid of tank -shaped cakes, they are afraid of Vini Bear, they are afraid of 8 multiplication 8. They are afraid of Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Chair, they are afraid of dinner, they are afraid of making soy sauce, so what else do we have?
The recent issue of feminism in New York was open wheat, and Li Haoshi's wild dogs were invited to the stage. It first complained that "all the wild dogs are not surnamed Zhao". , Wild Dogs finally stood up: Covering the mouth with a talk show, isn't that "Divine Show"? Then I jumped up the hot striptea dance, European cake, this can be available!The Central Propaganda Department looked at this paragraph, is it going to be angry, or do you have to laugh? I guess, I want to laugh and dare not laugh. Now you understand how much they want to open the police to Manhattan. ___
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/tengbiao/tb2-05302023133004.html 
Comments | Hu Ping: The ultimate battle of democracy and autocracy 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T14:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T17:49:25-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Beijing Tiananmen Square on May 31, 1989 The case diagram of the June 4th file Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/hping/hp 05302023131457.html/@@stream It's "June 4th" again.
"June 4th" has been in the past 34 years. Over the past 34 years, on this day, our friends overseas will meet together to commemorate the "June 4th". This is first of all because of our moral conscience. Although "June 4th" has passed 34 years, the murderer government is still sitting on the stage and continues to oppress the people. The CCP authorities are still blocking the memories of the "June 4th". It is forbidden to publicly hold mourning in the country. How can we gently put down the "June 4th" and no longer commemorate it?
We commemorate the "June 4th" overseas, not only for ourselves, but also for the people of millions of domestic people to express our common sorrow, common protests, and common beliefs. We commemorate the "June 4th", not only to mourn the hero that fell on Chang'an Street 34 years ago, but also to mourn countless injustice under the tyranny of the CCP for more than 70 years. A bloody massacre also protests the cruel suppression of the CCP's people over the past 70 years. What we require is not only to vote for the "June 4th", but also to completely end the one -party dictatorship to ensure basic human rights and achieve freedom and democracy.
We commemorate the "June 4th" because the "June 4th" is closely linked to today's world. Yes. Today, 34 years later, many people have forgotten the "June 4th". Many young people don't even know the "June 4th". The world does not seem to be able to afford the bloody picture 34 years ago. But we must point out that "June 4th" has not become the past, and "June 4th" and the world today are not unrelated. On the contrary, time makes evil appreciation. With the passage of years, the evils of the "June 4th" and its influence have become more and more fully displayed.
"June 4th" not only interrupted China's political reform, but also introduced China's economic reforms to astray. Under the fear effect of the "June 4th", China's economic reform will inevitably evolve into a feast of nobles. After the "June 4th", China's economic development will inevitably be regarded as the largest capital to maintain its own autocratic rule. Therefore, it is not surprising that the CCP authorities have not started political reform while deepening economic reform. It does not even become softer and more tolerant because of its huge economic success. On the contrary, the Chinese Communist regime has become more confident and more authoritarian and more concentrated than before, and no longer hide the light in international affairs, becoming more high -profile and more aggressive. Looking back at more than 30 years ago, the international communist camp collapsed. The United States became the world's only super strong, free democratic forces achieved the most brilliant victory in human history, and the optimism of history has ended the world. In just more than 30 years, we witnessed the amazing reversal of the political structure of the entire world. The rise of the totalitarian dictatorship has constituted the most severe challenge to the universal value of free democracy. The key to this huge change is the "June 4th". "June 4th" not only changed China, but also changed the world.
US President Biden said that Xi Jinping has repeatedly told him that the democratic system cannot be maintained in the 21st century. The autocratic system will dominate the world. Biden said we are experiencing a global struggle between an authoritarian country and a democratic country.
The "June 4th" has been in the past 34 years. Today, the world has fallen into a huge crisis, but the world is more surprised and sober than before, and recognize the serious harm of the Chinese Communist regime. Today, we commemorate the "June 4th" to continue to promote the banner of free and democracy, and all the people who cherish universal values all over the world, and invest in the ultimate battle of the Chinese Communist Party's autocratic system.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/huping/hp-05302023131457.html 
Comment | Cheng Xiaonong: The CCP's long -term strategy and the current & quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T14:05:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T17:48:06-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Chinese flag and Taiwan flag Reuters picture Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/chengxiaon/cxn -cxn-05302023135721.html/@stream Recently, the dangerous situation of the Taiwan Strait has changed. The CCP seems to have forced Taiwan to accept "unification" and treat Taiwan as the main strategy of Taiwan in the short term. Analyzing the five stages of cross -strait relations for more than 70 years, it can be found that the CCP's maliciousness to Taiwan is consistent and never changed. The goal is to swallow Taiwan, even if it is the same when depending on the investment of Taiwanese businessmen. For Taiwan, the true meaning of "unity" is that the PLA is stationed in Taiwan. Once it is "unified" by the Communist Party of China, Taiwan will no longer have a democratic and free lifestyle.
1. The Communist Party of China re -understand the force of force? 
I mentioned the article "The Chinese Navy's Short Board" published on this station on April 27. On April 13, Xi Jinping's speech in the southern theater in Zhanjiang, Guangdong showed that Practical ability. On May 11th, Nikkeiasia, an English magazine in Japan, published an article by Katsujinakazawa, a member of the magazine. The title of this article in Nakaze is "Chinese news machine suppressing the hype of the Taiwan war. The war of war of war was too effective, which made the authorities panicked (China'sMessaging Machine Tamps Download TAIWAN WARPE, Wolf-Jarrior Propaganda PROVECTIVE, L. Eaving Authorities Rattled )》》. The media of various countries followed up reports.
Nakaze II found that in the case of China's Internet review, it was tighter. Suddenly, China ’s online discussion on the unified Taiwan’ s unified Taiwan ’s discussion was spread on many websites. This is an article entitled "Once you start to recover Taiwan, China may face" four -line operations ". We must be cautious? The article (hereinafter referred to as the "four -line operation"), its domestic authors believe that it is unrealistic and even dangerous to forcibly unify Taiwan. And this article has not been deleted by China's Internet censorship agency, which clearly shows that the senior management of Chinese leadership actually intends to spread this view.
Nakaze II pointed out that this article actually completely denied the "Wolf Diplomacy" of the CCP. At the same time, it was reprinted on various portals. Will fall into the "four -line combat". There are some articles using such a title: "Bad" who shouted "Wu Tong".
The author of this article used "Baidu" to retrieve the relevant web articles in China and found that this article spread on various domestic websites as early as April 25. The author's pen name is "Oriental Soldiers". Many public accounts and portal websites such as the public account "Sisyphus" have retained this article. However, when the international media began to report in mid -May, after China ’s domestic online opposition to the sound of“ military attack ”, some articles against“ force attack ”were 404.
Obviously, the sound of opposing the "force attacking Taiwan" is not from the people's claims. In today's China, without official authorization, any individual expressed such a view that it may be planted by the Ministry of National Security on a hat such as "endangering national security" or "dividing the country" and handled it. However, the Ministry of National Security did not immediately block the Internet and catch people the first time when the "four -line operation" appeared, but instead allowed the opposite of the CCP's major strategic decision -making on the opposite of the Chinese Internet for several weeks. It's right. However, the Chinese Communist Party obviously does not want this new idea about Taiwan's strategy to attract too much attention overseas. Therefore, in recent days, some websites have "removed" this article.
Second, the attacking Taiwan is bound to "fight all sides", the risk is extremely great 
Judging from the characteristics of the "Oriental Soldiers" article, his content of overseas military dynamics is relatively old, and it can be judged that the author does not know about the latest preparation dynamics of neighboring countries in China. However, on the other hand, the author of the article "Four -Line Combat" is very familiar with the deployment of the PLA, and has a certain understanding of China's military strategic deployment. Such a military strategic vision does not seem to be that Chinese folks can be fully grasped. It can be seen that in China, this author is not a "outsider", but a better understanding of the "insiders" of China's PLA combat reserve plan. Nakaze's second emphasis on this view may also be related to the author of "four -line operations".
According to the article's summary of the "four -line combat" of the "Oriental Dot", the article pointed out that if the CCP tries to attack Taiwan forces, it will face a huge risk of "four -sided war". This "four front lines" are of course facing the army in the United States, Japan and Taiwan in the Taiwan Strait and surrounding areas; the second front is that the PLA must also prevent the US and South Korean troops on the Korean Peninsula; In the South China Sea and the South Pacific, the Chinese army should prepare to fight against the Navy of the United States and Australia. If the United States controls the Malacca Strait, China's energy supply may be cut off; the fourth front refers to India. Essence
This "four -line combat" vision was not surprising. If the CCP's strategic planners could not think of these basic military strategic common sense, it was strange. The real and interesting place of the "Four -Line Combat" is at the end. The author wrote: "The Taiwan Strait issue is led by the whole body. Without being fully prepared and the victory, we will not easily solve the Taiwan problem. This is why there have been many unified time windows in history, and we are still motionless. " Judging from these words, an ordinary officer of a PLA dare not dare to be so "big words."
The analysis of the article "Four -Line Combat" in Nakaze, a slight supplement of the latest developments that the "Oriental Soldiers" unknown. For example, leaders of the United States and South Korea have agreed to the US Nursu nuclear ballistic missile submarine in the near future to stop in South Korea's port; Australia plans to deploy nuclear power attack submarines under the US and British AUKUS security framework.
Nakaze Er also pointed out in his own article: If China is forced to "fourth -line operations", its army will definitely be dispersed and at a clear disadvantage; once the Taiwan war is forced to be an imminent impression, it will hinder foreign companies expand to China to expand to China Not to mention that China's assets are outflow, and the impact on the Chinese economy will be huge. To dispel this concept of war, it is necessary to explain some logical explanation. Therefore, the "four -line theory" has been effectively used.
3. One of the long -term strategic evolution of the Communist Party of China: The defeat is separated Since the Chinese Communist Party occupied the mainland, in more than 70 years, in terms of cross -strait relations, Taiwan has basically responded to the other party; while the CCP may take the initiative to pick up things, or to obtain Taiwan's money assistance, but the original goal of the Chinese Communist Party occupied Taiwan's original goal has been from the original goal of the Chinese Communist Party from the goal of Taiwan's original goal. Haven't given up. Obviously, the CCP's Taiwan policy has not been very tough, but changes at any time. As for why and when it changes, it depends entirely on the CCP's judgment of the time and interests of different periods.
The author summarizes the general characteristics of the Chinese Communist Party's Taiwan policy in the past 70 years into five stages. Each stage is described in one word, with a total of five words, attacking, interval, exploration, intercourse, and forced.
The first stage was "attack", that is, the Chinese Communist Party prepared forces to occupy Taiwan, Penghu, Golden Gate, and Matsu, but the first battle was defeated. The representative battle at this stage is the Kinmen battle launched by the 28th Army of the Tenth Corps of the Third Field Army of the PLA. On October 25, 1949, the 28th Army dispatched 9,000 people to try to cross the sea first, and then further attacked Taiwan. However, in the first battle of Ginning in Kinmen, the PLA landed on the army.
At the same time as this battle, Mao Zedong "borrowed" the Chinese Korean troops of the Fourth Field Army to Kim Il Sung. These troops were 154, 164, and 166 divisions of the four fields, with a total of 70,000 people, accounting for half of the number of Jin Richeng troops. Essence In June 1950, the North Korean army with the PLA forces as the main infantry launched the invasion battle that captured South Korea and eliminated the Republic of Korea. This battle once forced the Korean army to the final defense zone around Busan, the southernmost tip of South Korea; however, the UN army landed on the waist of the west coast of the Korean Peninsula, cutting off the supply line of the North Korean army, and the North Korean front line was fully defeated. Since then, the PLA has exported the spirit of infantry, entered North Korea, and fought with the United Nations Army for several years.
The Korean War forced the Communist Party of China to call the Third Field Army of the garrison in East China to fight against the North Korea, so Kung Ting planned to completely make soup. At this time, the U.S. seventh fleet entered the Taiwan Strait, and the CCP could no longer attack Taiwan.
The second stage starts from the Korean War, which is almost thirty years, which is characterized by "separation", that is, the cross -strait isolation. Any connection between the two sides of the strait is completely interrupted. Even people in Taiwan have to send letters to the mainland, and they must go through the United States through the United States. The "Voice of Liberty China" in Taiwan's Central Broadcasting Station broadcasts all year round: "Brothers of the Communist Army, welcome the uprising to return and go to the free world." In the mainland, families with direct and close relatives in Taiwan are all beaten as "overseas relations" and discriminated against. At this stage, although the CCP did not dare to attack Taiwan, the political slogan never stopped, that is, "it must be liberated Taiwan."
Fourth, CCP's long -term strategic evolution of Taiwan: Detective investment 
The third stage of cross -strait relations is that the Communist Party of China has begun to reform and the opening of relatives in Taiwan. This stage is about ten years, which is characterized by "exploring". At this stage, the Chinese Communist Party warmly welcomed the veterans of Taiwan to visit relatives; in fact, behind the word "exploration", there was a word "money". At that time, Taiwanese only knew how poor relatives and friends in the mainland. In fact, local governments at all levels in China were also very poor at that time. Some local governments brought US dollars to their relatives and friends. See the US dollar at a time. At that time, many veterans in Taiwan returned to their hometown to visit relatives, thinking that the CCP was really based on the affection of "blood thicker than water"; in fact, the CCP really cares about "money is thicker than water". The US dollar brought by the Taiwanese's mainland to visit relatives is the jealous of the CCP.
The fourth stage of cross -strait relations is characterized by "intersection", that is, cross -strait economic and cultural exchanges began. From Taiwanese businessmen in 1988 to investing in factories in Chinese factories, until the Chinese Communist Party ignited the Cold War in the United States in 2020. At this stage, many people in Taiwan are personal experience. This period can be said to be the "honeymoon" of cross -strait relations. Therefore, many people in Taiwan think that the two sides of the strait can be "quiet" since then. In fact, in the "honeymoon" period on both sides of the strait, the CCP behind the "honeymoon" was at the same time grinding the knife against Taiwan.
Liu Huaqing, the deputy secretary -general of the Military Commission of the Communist Party of China in the 1980s, and later, known as the "Father of the Aircraft Carrier" in China, visited the United States in 1980 and was invited to visit the US "Little Eagle" aircraft carrier. At that time, Liu Huaqing was shocked; After returning to China, he said a word, "If you don't engage in the aircraft carrier, I will not die!" Since then, the Communist Army has started to implement the construction of the aircraft carrier and after the increase of wealth in 2000.
Why is the CCP navy fascinated by building aircraft carriers? Recently, the CCP's Shandong carrier's exercise in eastern Taiwan proves the purpose of the CCP's aircraft carrier fleet. After the exercise of the Communist Party of China, the CCP announced that it would "improve the ability to improve the actual combat outside the (1) island chain." Why do the PLA exercise in the eastern waters of Taiwan and the US base near Guam? Its goal is that once force attacks Taiwan, try to prevent the US military from supporting Taiwan. Of course, the CCP ’s aircraft carrier is not used to occupy Taiwan with an aircraft carrier, which is not the function of the aircraft carrier; however, the aircraft carrier is a necessary means to capture Taiwan. There is no aircraft carrier.
It can be seen that in the fourth stage of cross -strait relations, on the one hand, the Communist Party of China attracted Taiwan's capital to expand the Chinese economy. On the other hand, after grinding the knife and creating a "war knife", they were ready to do the homeland of Taiwanese businessmen. This is the truth of the "honeymoon" on both sides of the strait, the "honeymoon" hiding knife. For more than three decades, the CCP has been confused by the Taiwanese, and some people in Taiwan misunderstand that the "honeymoon" on both sides of the strait will not change for a long time, and the "knife" of the CCP will not be aimed at the Taiwanese.
5. The Third Three of the CCP's long -term strategic evolution of Taiwan: Force 
The fifth stage of cross -strait relations starts from 2000, which is characterized by "forcing"; once the CCP has enhanced its military strength, it has begun to force Taiwan to surrender. This kind of intimidation includes two hands: military aircraft around Taiwan and aircraft carrier exercises are all threats of force, trying to form fear in Taiwanese society, and then pave the way for "peaceful unity". Some people in Taiwan are continuously attracting, hoping to affect Taiwan's elections and political ways.
The author analyzes one by one in the five stages of cross -strait relations in the past 70 years. It is to explain that the culprit of destroying the peace of Taiwan and the peace of Taiwan is the CCP; That's the same even when depending on the investment of Taiwanese businessmen.
The analysis of the "Nikkei Asia" social evaluation committee mentioned at the beginning of this article does not mean that the Chinese Communist Party has given up the force of force to attack Taiwan; in fact, when the United States and East Asian allies are seriously cope with the CCP's criminal attempts, The CCP found that the price of its war was too much to bear. Before its military strength was ready, the CCP seemed to adjust the direction of "forced unification" into "peaceful unity".
**** Some people say that the Communist Party of China threatens Taiwan because Taiwan insists on Taiwan independence. What is "Taiwan independence"? The Chinese Communist Party has been interpreting "Taiwan independence" with a constant definition. The folks in Taiwan have advocated the voice of Taiwan independence in China. Now that the Chinese Communist Party has changed its statement, as long as Taiwan exists as the Republic of China and refuses to surrender the CCP, it believes that the existence of the Republic of China is a challenge to the CCP, so the Republic of China itself has become a new "Taiwan independence" that the CCP will fight. In fact, the tension of East Asia has nothing to do with the so -called "Taiwan independence" talked about by the Communist Party of China. "Taiwan independence" is just an excuse for the CCP to annex Taiwan.Recently, there is a sound in Taiwan, that is, there is peace on both sides of the strait negotiations. If there is no peace without talking, there will be war without talking. Is it unable to negotiate on both sides of the strait because Taiwan doesn't want to talk about it? Of course not, the real key is to talk about it? Everyone in Taiwan should not war, "war is not the option of Taiwan"; the only war as an option is the CCP. If you expect to negotiate with the Communist Party of China, you can get peace when you think that only cater to the Communist Party of China, it is deception. Because, to talk to the Communist Party of China peacefully, no matter how to talk about Taiwan, the CCP now just wants to talk about one thing, when do you accept "unification".
Now negotiating with the Communist Party of China, "maintaining the status quo on both sides of the strait" is not acceptable to the CCP. Otherwise, why should the CCP threatens Taiwan every day? The "unity" in the CCP's mouth is actually to allow the PLA to receive it on the stage. If China "unified" Taiwan, of course, this "receiving" is "peace". In the words of the CCP, it is called Taiwan's "peace liberation". Of course, in the negotiations between the two parties, before the details of "receiving Taiwan", the CCP will definitely use a little scam, what "the" one country, two systems "guarantees for decades unchanged." The Chinese Communist Party has broken the "one country, two systems" in Hong Kong, and reveals the original face: that is, the "one country, two systems" is just the transition stage of turning free society to autocracy.
6. What is the true meaning of unified in Taiwan? 
For a long time, political figures in Taiwan have been to see the highest leaders of the Chinese Communist Party. When they see it, they are just a ceremonial meeting. Most of the political figures in Taiwan can only be with the staff responsible for Taiwan affairs, such as the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council. Director and the like, dialogue. But these staff of Taiwan's affairs are just running for legs, and they cannot decide to have a policy for Taiwan.
The Chinese Communist Party is a highly centralized regime, and in terms of policy formulation, highly concentrated power is particularly manifested in external affairs, and only the highest leader can speak; not to mention, the former supreme leader sent a speech, and the next successor can tear up the promise to countless promises. Essence
In the middle of the 1980s before the return of Hong Kong, the then State Councilor of the State Council, Geng Du, the vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the Sixth National People's Congress, and Huang Hua, the vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, told Hong Kong reporters that after the return of Hong Kong, he could No garrison. These two people have a high status, but they say that not only are not counted, but they are also severely reprimanded by Deng Xiaoping. Deng Xiaoping announced to foreign reporters, "Huang Hua and Geng Biao are nonsense. The issue of the Hong Kong garrison is not the opinion of the central government. You go to a message, not that matter ... Since the Chinese government has recovered the sovereignty, it has the right to garrison in Hong Kong. This is very clear. There is no right to have this. Is it called Chinese territory? "As a result, Geng Du and Huang Hua could only think of at home and retired.
This example has a layer of inspiration to Taiwan, that is, the last sentence that Deng Xiaoping said that year: If there is no right to the garrison, is it called Chinese territory? Obviously, if Taiwan is unified by the Communist Party of China, the PLA's garrison in Taiwan must be the established policy of the Communist Party of China; that is, the CCP talks about Taiwan unity, of course, including the PLA's heavy soldiers landing in Taiwan. Therefore, as long as Taiwan is "unified" by the Communist Party of China, the current status of Taiwan's political and economic situation will be disintegrated. Under the muzzle of the Communist Party in Taiwan, the people of Taiwan will no longer choose.
The democratic freedom system in Taiwan is the most hate of the autocratic regime. The reason why the Chinese Communist Party has to annex Taiwan is one of the goal to eliminate Taiwan's democratic freedom, thereby ensuring the stability and continuity of the Chinese Communist Party. Democratic freedom is not only the value concept of most people in Taiwan, but also the lifestyle of the people of Taiwan. Once Taiwan belongs to China, the Taiwanese people have to accept the lifestyle of "leek" transformed by the CCP.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/chengxiaonong/cxn-05302023135721.html 
Expert warning: Artificial intelligence may threaten human survival 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T14:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:20:06+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 30th) A group of industry executives and experts warned today that global leaders should be committed to reducing the risk of "human extinction" brought by artificial intelligence (AI) technology.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 AFP reported that dozens of experts, including Samaltman, seized a brief statement. According to the statement, the risk of human extinction brought by AI should be "global priority affairs that should be at the same level as the epidemic and nuclear war." Atanai's company OpenAI developed the ChatGPT chat robot. ChatGPT can write articles, poetry and dialogue based on brief instructions, so it is popular at the end of last year. The huge success of this program also attracted billions of dollars in the AI field, but critics and industry insiders have warned.
Common concerns, including chat robots, may cause fake news to fill the Internet, prejudice algorithm may produce racist content, and AI -driven automation may also destroy the entire industry. This latest statement announced on the non -profit organization "Center for AI Safety (CAIS" webpage did not specify the potential survival threat that AI brought by.
CAIS said that the "simple statement" aims to start discussions on AI technology risks.
Several signs of the statement include Geoffrey Hinton, known as "artificial intelligence Godfather", and have also raised similar warnings in the past. Essence
Their greatest concern is the rise of the so -called "Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), which is an artificial wisdom with human cognitive ability.
They are afraid that humans will lose their control of these super -intelligent machines. Experts have warned that this may cause catastrophic consequences to species and earth.
The compliance of the statement also includes experts from Google and Microsoft, a leading company in AI.
As early as 2 months ago, Elon Musk, billionaire, and hundreds of other experts, also published an open letter calling for the temporary AI research and development work before determining the security.
However, Musk's commitments have been widely criticized. Some people think that the warning of society and civilization in the letter is too exaggerated.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230530-%E4%B8%93%E5%AE%B6%E8%AD%A6%E5%91%8A-%E4%BA%BA%E5%B7%A5%E6%99%BA%E6%85%A7%E5%8F%AF%E8%83%BD%E5%A8%81%E8%83%81%E4%BA%BA%E7%B1%BB%E5%AD%98%E4%BA%A1 
Macau's stricter national security law takes effect 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T14:32:28-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:32:28-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the Macau police holding a flag -raising ceremony on December 20, 2021, marking the 22nd anniversary of the return of Macau to China. This former Portuguese colony has changed the legal system to deal with "new challenges of Guoan". Cheong kam ka/xinhua via aps, File's new amendment to the National Security Law of Macau came into effect on Tuesday. These amendments have been reportedly restricted to the opposition and civil society. According to the Macau government, the amendment to the 2009 law passed by the legislative agency in May aims to keep it consistent with the current similar laws of the People's Republic of China and Hong Kong, especially to prevent foreign interference. Agence France -Presse reports said that the new amendments have expanded the crime of division to non -violent acts, and the sanctioned crime now includes acts against the power and power of the Beijing Central Government. The restrictions on "foreign political organizations or groups" have expanded to organizations outside Macau, including non -political communities. In addition, the Macau police now have external power and can hunt suspects outside the city. The suspects under the National Security Law may be monitored to communicate and prohibited from leaving Macau for five days. According to Agence France -Presse, former Congress Councilor District Jinxin, a long -term support of democratic activists worry that the law of the law will open the door for arbitrarily. He told AFP: "Giving greater freedom to the application of the law will obviously endanger human rights and press freedom." (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-05302023143121.html 
Dong Guangping was called on China's illegal imprisonment human rights organization to appeal to China to let people go 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T14:33:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T15:43:26-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On January 6, 2020, local time from 10 half to 2 pm, Dong Guangping called the embassy outside the Canadian embassy in the Canada Embassy in Canada, and asked the embassy to open the door and asked Dong Guangping to enter. The embassy refused to open the door. (Shengxue is exclusively provided) Audio-Link: https: // Woohoo. Hair dyeing .org/mandarin/Asia Pacific report/human rights rule of law/waste -05302023100638.html/@@ stream The family and supporters of Chinese human rights defender Dong Guangping received reliable news, confirming that Dong Guangping has been detained by the Chinese authorities alone in Zhengzhou City, Henan Province since October last year. Canadian human rights organizations have condemned China's illegal imprisonment and hoped that Canada and the international community would put pressure on China, so that Dong Guangping could be released as soon as possible.
Rights in defenders Dong Guangping, Vietnam's missing daughter, call for Canada and International Rescue * Human Rights Defender Dong Guangping Vietnamese disappeared family members urgently appeal Where is Dong Guangping? Vietnam refuses to respond to the United Nations inquiry 
Dong Guangping was forced to miss in Vietnam last August. At that time, the outside world suspected that the Vietnamese authorities were instructed by China to arrest Dong Guangping. Now according to the information received by Dong Guangping's family and supporters, Dong Guangping should have been at some point last October last year. The repatriation of China has been secretly detained in Zhengzhou, Henan for more than 7 months. China has not responded to the unreasonable detention of Dong Guangping, and his family or lawyers cannot visit him.
Dong Guangping's daughter Dong Xuerui issued a statement in Canada and begged the Chinese authorities to let her father go. She said that her father was a warrior pursuing human rights and did not make mistakes. She said: "My father bravely tried to escape the persecution in China. We once hoped that the family could reunite in Canada, but he did not expect that he was caught again."
Over the years, the Toronto, who participated in the rescue of Dong Guangping, supported the chairman of the Chinese Civil Games Wu Wenwen, said: "We now know where Dong Guangping is. The Chinese government should immediately release Dong Guangping and let him come to Canada to reunite with his family. It has been more than 7 years."
From left: Democratic China Front Canadian representative Jiang Jiaji, Dong Guangping's daughter Dong Xuerui, and former Secretary -General of the Canadian International Amnesty Organization Ni Fu(AlexNeve)Dian Toronto supports the chairman of the Chinese Civil Games Wu Wenwen. In November, a press conference was held in the Ottawa State Villa, calling on the Canadian government and the international community to pay attention to Dong Guangping's whereabouts.(Dong Xuerui provided) Dongguang Plain is a public security. In 1999, he lost his job because of his support for June 4th, and he entered and exited prison many times because he continued to participate in political activities.
The family of three fled to Thailand in September 2015 and applied for refugee status to the United Nations, and was immediately approved by the Canadian government.
Unexpectedly, in November 2015, the Thai police suddenly forcibly arrested Dong Guangping and repatriated him back to China. The wife and daughter arrived in Canada that year, and continued to work with the human rights organization to rescue Dong Guangping. After hiding in Vietnam for more than two months, he was secretly taken away by the Vietnamese police last August.
Dong Guangping contacted Sheng Xue, the global vice chairman of the Democratic Democratic Democracy living in Canada in Canada in January 2020. Sheng Xue said that she called the Canadian embassy in Vietnam to ask for help, but the embassy was unwilling to make Dong Guangping for Dong Guangping. Opening the door, the later rescue operation was dragged again.
Sheng Xue said that Dong Guangping has obtained Canadian refugee status, and rescue him is reasonable, but in 2015, China allowed China to succeed, causing him to sit in prison for several years. It is difficult for Ottawa to blame this matter.
"Canada knows that there are so many twists and turns before he knows, so he watched him disappeared again after hiding in Vietnam for 2 years and 8 months, and was handed over to the CCP again. There was a network meeting again, and they also said that when he escaped again. We wait for him to escape? How many people can a person have a life, can they escape from the CCP? "
Canadian Senator Hassan Yusov(Hassan Yussuff)Call on Ottawa to take out the action. In his statement, he said: "Just because Dong Guangping defended human rights, it has been imprisoned for the fourth time in the past 20 years, which is unbearable. Although the relationship between Canada and China is tense, it is tense. Canadian officials must seek all ways, including asking for assistance from other countries to ensure that Dong Guangping gets freedom. "
The reporter asked the Canadian Ministry of Global Affairs about Dong Guangping's case, but had not received a reply.
Reporter: Liu Fei Responsible Editor: Jiayuan.com Editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/lf-05302023100638.html 
German media: The Seven Kingdoms Summit will create the Anti -China League 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T14:38:00Z
Description: At the Seven Kingdoms Summit held in Hiroshima not long ago, one of the most concerned issues in the countries participating in the meeting was how to deal with China in the future. A global alliance that curbs China's increasingly influential influence is beginning to take shape.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['七国集团', '抗中联盟', '岸田文雄', '台海局势', '俄乌战争', '去风险化', '经济依赖']
Id: 65773275
(Voice of Germany in Chinese) "New Zurich" commented that at the 20th Bali Summit last year, the heads of the country were the same as the same Chinese party and state leaders Xi Jinping held talks. At the Hiroshima Seventh -Power Group Summit that just ended recently, China is still the main topic, but the difference is that this time, countries are discussing how to build a global alliance to jointly resist the pressure of growing from China. The comments entitled "The Seven National Group Meeting is a Summit of Liberty" wrote:
" The reason why the Seven Kingdoms Summit is so nervous is also due to the reason Essence Because Xi Jinping has long abandoned the development strategy of China's "moving light", and has challenged the United States at the region and global level. On the one hand, China believes that it already has the ability to compete with the United States. On the other hand, China also firmly believes that the dominance of the United States is rapidly declining, and China can speed up this process. Obviously, this is the latest interpretation of traditional communism, that is, capitalism will eventually fail.
The core purpose of Beijing is to use the economic means to increase carrots to increase the sticks to keep the distance from as much as possible with Washington. At the same time, China is still promoting a concept that the United States only pays attention to the interests of hegemony. Only China is the true guarantee of the Facin World Order that meets the "United Nations Charter". In Asia, Japan is the main opponent against China's hegemony ambition.
The host of the Hiroshima Seventh -point Group Summit -Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishida will resist how the economic pressure from China is listed as the core topic of the summit. This is the latest attempt from the global perspective to counter China's influence. In the Asia -Pacific region, in addition to Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Australia have had their own physical conferences to Beijing's economic dissatisfaction with economic dissatisfaction. The small European national pottery has also been large -scale economic sanctions in Beijing for its political stance. "
Indian Prime Minister Modi attended the "Quartet talks" held during the Seven Kingdoms Summit
This analysis article states that it is particularly disturbing in Beijing that the heads of South Korea, Indonesia, and India have also attended the Hiroshima Seventh -point Group Summit. Comments:
"Su Liwen, the national security adviser of the US President Biden, described the Seven Kingdoms Group has become the" Guiding Committee of the Liberty World ". In the world where the competition between hegemony and system is intensified, the" club "of the Seven Kingdoms Group has been given a new one. The important significance is to discuss the strategy of responding together in order to send a clear signal to China and Russia. As Xi Jinping visited Moscow, China and Russia were working with the "world -not -world changes in the century".
Under the clever operation of the Japanese Prime Minister Kishida, the Seven Kingdoms Group is not just a simple extension of the Western world, but [and but have transformed into a global platform and conference that contains many countries that are troubled by the Sino -Russian amendment route. In the future, China and Russia will become more aggressive, and this league will become more united. " At the Western Seven Kingdoms Summit, countries also reached a consensus on reducing the risk of dependence on the Chinese economy. "World News" wrote this:
"To make this strategy effective, the seven Western countries must take the initiative. For Germany, risk also means re -evaluation of economic relations with China and Russia, that is, we must take into account the geographical politics of the above two countries. Ambition also pays attention to their human rights records. This requires the diversification of the supply chain, and at the same time, it also reduces the dependence of the sensitive field.
Risks also need to increase local production capacity through investment, promote their research and development capabilities, and find alternative economic partners. At the same time, Germany should strengthen partnership cooperation in countries that have common values in the principles of human rights, democracy and the rule of law.
By strengthening economic partnerships, Germany and the Seventh -way Group can jointly reduce risks and improve their ability to resist compression in the economic field. As one of the pillars of the important economy and the Seventh -way Group, Germany is responsible for promoting the group to formulate a strong strategy. "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：七国峰会打造抗中联盟/a-65773275?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The harvester is blocked by the people who are dissatisfied with Henan dial 200 million yuan to save wheat 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T14:39:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T15:40:12-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Henan Nanyang farmers hired a large number of foreign harvesters to assist the harvest in the wheat harvesting season. However, after hundreds of harvesters were loaded into the highway, they were stopped by the traffic police in Tanghe County toll stations under Nanyang City. Screenshot of CCTV(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/cm-05302023142328.html/@@stream)Henan has recently entered a large -scale harvesting period of wheat, but some foreign harvester went to the local area to assist the harvest but was blocked on the highway for many days. The wheat also sprouted by rain soaked in water, causing dissatisfaction. The local government announced on Tuesday that it was used for wheat drying for 200 million yuan in funds.
Shaanxi vegetable vendors were fined 60,000 for five pounds of celery. * China Highway Fineee becomes a "money printing machine" for local governments 
Henan Province has recently rained, but the wheat is mature, waiting for the harvest season. According to Chinese official media reports such as "Yangguang.com", Henan Nanyang farmers hired a large number of foreign harvesters to assist the harvest in the wheat harvesting season. The toll station under Tanghe County was stopped by the traffic police.
The reason for traffic police: unlicensed operation, ultra -width and overweight 
Some drivers said that these trucks were accused of super high and width by the traffic police, and they were accused of overweight after the pounds. In addition, because these drivers did not go through the "cross -regional operation certificate" and large transportation procedures for foreign harvesters, they were blocked by the toll station and could not pass it smoothly. At the same time, rainfall has caused local wheat to make rain soaked in water, and farmers have suffered heavy losses.
According to the online video, some intercepted drivers said that their harvesters meet the relevant regulations of free traffic, but the local traffic police still measure the width and height, and trap the harvester on the high -speed road. According to the Hong Kong media "Dongwang", since 2006, the income -cutting machine only needs to operate across the region and does not need to charge highway fees. However, at present, some drivers have been charged a high -speed fee of more than 800 yuan for "harvesting machines on the truck".
According to the Nanyang Agricultural and Rural Bureau, the agricultural machinery can pass free of charge with the "cross -regional operation certificate", otherwise the high -speed highway is required. According to the "Yangguang.com" report, in 2023, the Ministry of Transport of China issued two documents, requiring the joint harvesting machine and transportation joint vehicle of cross -regional operations, in addition to the "cross -regional operation certificate", If the vehicle overruns, a large transportation certificate must be applied for; if the over -limit transportation certificate is not applied, the over -limit vehicle must pay the pass.
Traffic police handheld tape measures to measure the size of the harvester.(Web image) Henan allocated 200 million yuan to rescue wheat and then netizens "rumor" were detained 
Henan is the largest province of China's wheat production, with an area of area and output accounting for about a quarter of the country. Up to now, the Chinese Internet is full of films with farmers' sophisticated germination wheat and tears. Hu Xijin, the former chief editor of the Global Times, also called for compensation for the victims.
On May 30, Henan Province's financial urgently allocated 200 million yuan, which was specially used for wheat drying. On the same day, the Office of the Rural Working Group of the Henan Provincial Party Committee also issued a document requesting that it is necessary to give full play to the compensation function of the agricultural insurance economy, do a good job of wheat insurance claims in 2023, and minimize the losses of wheat planting farmers as much as possible.
In addition to the heavy losses of farmers, Henan also reported that there were news that "rumors" were detained by the police. On the 30th, Henan Jiyuan Network Information Office issued a notice that the Douyin user "Li Xiang reported pig" was detained by the seizure of the harvesting machine. Fictional facts disturb the public order for 7 days.
However, the above news triggered the Internet users, thinking that the authorities' handling of the "rumor" of the network is obviously much faster than the release harvester.
Reporter: Chen Pinjie Responsible: He Ping.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/cm-05302023142328.html 
China sends the first non -military astronauts from the manned spacecraft to the space station (Free Version) 
Authors: ['李若瑟']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-05-30T14:42:36+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-29T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T10:43:99+08:00
Description: China has sent its first non -military origin to the space track, and plans to achieve the moving manned moon by 2030.
Images: [" 000182862_pic... "]
Themes: ['航天']
Keywords: ['航天', '科学', '太空']
Type: Article
 China has sent its first non -military aerospace to the space track, and plans to achieve manned landing by 2030 to realize the "unremitting space dream" of China "unremitting pursuit of aerospace dreams" by President Xi Jinping.
On Tuesday, the spacecraft carrying three astronauts launched from the Gobi Desert in northwestern China and went to the Chinese space station. One of the astronauts Gui Haichao is a professor of aerospace engineering and has been engaged in post -doctoral work in Canada.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099806 
Former -involved murders in Canada were extradited to Thailand 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T14:47
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:47
Description: A former soldier in Canada was extradited to Bangkok on Monday (May 29) for a gang murder in Thailand. Reuters reports that Kirapeng, a commissioner of the Central Investigation Bureau of Thailand, said that 38 -year -old Canadian citizen Matthew Dupre was suspected of last year ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['泰国', '引渡', '加拿大', '黑帮']
A former soldier in Canada was extradited to Bangkok on Monday (May 29) for a gang murder in Thailand.
Reuters reports that Kirapeng, a commissioner of the Central Investigation Bureau of Thailand, said that 38 -year -old Canadian citizen Matthew Dupre was suspected of shot India's underworld molecules Jimisandhu in Phuket in February last year.
The Thai authorities used a Air Force aircraft to escort Dubrey to Bangkok on Monday.
Kirapeng said at a press conference that the deceased was associated with the "United National Gang", and he was also associated with a leader of a criminal organization called "RedScorpion".
The Thai police's video showed that Dupre, wearing handcuffs, was surrounded by police on the plane.
The reason why the Thai police dispatched an Air Force to bring Dupre to Bangkok because the civil aviation company refused to let Dupre take it for safety reasons.
"We must extradite the suspects and control him under the Thai judicial system." Said Thai national prosecutor intranee Sumawong. "
Deti also said that according to the extradition bill, Dupre will not face the death penalty. She said: "We must ensure the safety of Thailand and maintain our reputation of living in this country."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399536 
Senior U.S. Economic Officials meets coordinating economic and trade policies to deal with China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-05-30T14:52:00Z
Description: This week, high -level officials in the United States and the European Union met in Sweden to discuss trade and scientific and technological collaboration across the Atlantic Straits. Sources revealed that due to European persistence, the final text of the conference statement was softened in many places in China.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '希腊债务危机', '欧债危机', '汉诺威工业博览会', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '诺贝尔奖', '欧洲难民危机', '欧洲', '美国']
Keywords: ['欧盟', '美国', '贸易', '出口管制', '境外投资', '市场经济', '人工智能']
Id: 65773297
TTC is a platform for the official coordinated industrial policy in the United States and the European Union
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) The "Trade and Science and Technology Council" (TTC) in the United States and the European Union (TTC) held a two -day meeting in Lulea, northern Sweden. The challenge.
U.S. Secretary of State Brillin, Minister of Commerce Raymond, and Trade Representative Dai Qi will attend the meeting. The European Union participated in the European Union Council's two vice-chairmen-Margrethevesstages, Anti-Monopoly Anti-Anti-Affairs Commissioner, Valry Breton, internal market market member, Valry Dombrovskis.
According to Reuters, a 24 -page joint statement outlines a series of issues, including the minimum standard of generating artificial intelligence algorithms, and export control And investment monitoring, the latter is still mainly targeted at Russia. Although the draft statement only mentioned China twice-in terms of non-market economy and false information, China will be a focus of this meeting.
According to the German Business Daily, the European Union and the United States plan to maintain their technological advantages in China by coordinating investment and export control. Visteig, Vice President of the European Commission, told the newspaper that by restricting some "risky commodities" trade, it can ensure the free circulation of other ordinary goods. It is reported that the meeting may reach some specific measures to prevent China from continuing to overtake the West in the fields of chip manufacturing, artificial intelligence, and biotechnology.
In the face of Chinese investment, how should Europe be dealt with? 
The pace of both sides of the Atlantic Ocean is different 
Bloomberg quoted sources that Washington advocated a more confrontational position in China, while the European Union was hesitant. Compared with the previous draft text, the latest statement of the European countries' consent was deleted in the text that clearly listed China as a non -market economy. In addition, some of the content mentioned in China was deleted.
In addition, the United States wants to condemn China and Russia to "economic stress" for other countries. Although the latest version mentioned this problem, it avoids the names of these two countries.
This latest version also softened the previous wording, that is, the two parties planned to reach an agreement on screening overseas, but only said that "the appropriate measures aware of the proper investment risk of overseas investment may be important." This is contrary to the previous Seventh Kingdom Group statement 的措辞基本保持一致。分析人士指，美国认为七国集团的协议是一个底线，而对欧盟的大多数人来说，它则是一个上限。
路透社援引外交人士称，华盛顿试图推动会议达成某种表述，以应和一周前G7领导人峰会上表达的一些忧虑。中国官媒《环球时报》称这次7国集团峰会为 "反华研讨会"。
彭博社报道称，欧盟国家长期以来一直试图抵制美国将TTC变成一个过度关注中国的论坛。这是美欧贸易和技术委员会的第四届会议，其他的议题还包括讨论电信基础设施、半导体补贴和电动汽车充电的方案等。
"贸易和科技委员会"是美国政府和欧盟之间在经济政策领域进行协商的一个重要平台。在此，华盛顿和布鲁塞尔的互动并非一帆风顺，此前欧盟对拜登政府的"减少通货膨胀法案"颇为不满，因为它对欧洲企业构成了歧视。数月来，双方试图消弭因此产生的矛盾，但收效有限。
(路透社、彭博社、《商报》)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美欧经济高官会晤-协调经贸政策应对中国/a-65773297?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Which is important to invest in Tai Chi and China relations with Tai Chi and China? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T15:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T15:45:41-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 中国外交部本周二证实，外长秦刚当天在北京会见了特斯拉首席执行官马斯克(Elon Musk)。 Handout / Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China / AFP Audio-1-Link：https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/jw-05302023144456.html/@@stream On Tuesday, Musk, CEO of the US electric vehicle giant Tesla, visited Beijing and was interrupted by the Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang. At the same time, China rejected the suggestion of the two countries' defense ministers made by the United States. Some scholars believe that China is trying to use the olive branches that the United States extended as a bargain, forcing the United States to make concessions on multiple issues involving China.
U.S. Assistant Defense Director calls: China should restart the US -China hotline * China's New Ambassador to the United States Xie Feng: US -China relations are facing severe challenges 
Reuters recently disclosed that China has rejected the United States' suggestions on the meeting on the Singapore Annual Safety Forum on the Singapore Annual Safety Forum this weekend. The Chinese side's move shows that the relationship between the two countries is blocked. The outside world speculates that the reason why China refused to meet was that the Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu was still sanctioned by the United States.
At the regular press conference of Chinese Foreign Ministry, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, at the regular press conference of the 30th, blamed the two countries' defense ministers on the United States. She said that the United States was "very clear" for the reason why the two armies dialogue faced difficulties. But she did not specify whether this was related to Li Shangfu's sanctions by the United States. Mao Ning said: "The United States should effectively respect China's sovereignty, security and interests, immediately correct the wrong practices, show sincerity, and create the necessary atmosphere and conditions for the conversation between the Chinese and American armies."
It is reported that in 2018, Li Shangfu, then Minister of Equipment Development of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, was announced by the US State Council for "major transactions" involving the "major transactions" of the export of national defense products. Related measures were not lifted until Li Shangfu took office.
Faced with the accusations of China, the Pentagon emphasized in a statement issued to the Wall Street Journal that it was a suggestion that China rejected the United States on the meeting of the two countries' defense ministers. But the Pentagon reiterated that "open communication can ensure that competition will not evolve into conflict."
Timothyheath, an expert in China, China, said in writing to this station that China refused to highlight the tension between the two countries. He believes that China seems to be particularly annoyed by the previous balloon incident and the United States to continue to contact Taiwan, and will lift the sanctions of the Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu as a bargaining chip.
US President Biden publicly stated publicly that he would talk to Chinese President Xi Jinping. But he did not explain to the public whether China responded after receiving the invitation.
He Tianmu believes that the responsibility of the Minister of Defense was blocked in China. The United States has shown enough sincerity, and China will not be beneficial to ease bilateral tension.
Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu and US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin.(Associated Press picture/RFA synthesis) "China refuses to ease tensions because it believes that the United States has failed to respond to China's requests in a satisfactory way, especially in US -Taiwan relations, and the US military operations in the South China Sea." He said: "The United States has not changed any policy to any policy. Come to appease Beijing, the tension may last for a while. "
Li Hengqing, an economist in the "Institute of Information and Strategy" in the American civilian institutions, also believes that China avoids dialogue with the United States to hope that the United States will make concessions in supporting Taiwan, South China Sea military operations, and US -Philippine joint military exercises.
"China just wants the United States to make concessions in these places. Only by making a posture, I can talk to you. But this possibility is almost zero." He said: "In this case, the PLA and Xi Jinping found that there is no income now. Then don't talk about it. "
Li Hengqing believes that although the United States has a slight difference in the advancement of China's policy, whether it is the legislators or the government, it is a general trend for China, but the policy advancement is urgent and slow. He believes that even if China takes the status of the world's second largest economy as a bargaining chip, the US competition in China will not shake.
At the same time, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs confirmed this Tuesday that the foreign minister Qin Gang met with Tesla CEO Elonmusk on the same day. Qin Gang said that China will unswervingly promote high levels of openness to the outside world, and build a marketization, legalization, and international business environment. Musk also said that Tesla's opposition to the "detachable chain" and willing to continue to expand business in China and share China's development opportunities.
He Tianmu said that China frequently attracts American business leaders, hoping that they can influence the US policy to the United States: "There are two reasons for Chinese officials to meet the American commercial tycoon: First, they hope to provoke separation between the US government and industry leaders In order to hinder the efforts of the United States' coordination with China. Secondly, China hopes to attract more foreign companies and partners to promote economic growth and expand China's opportunities to obtain important technologies. "
Last week, US Secretary of Commerce Ginaraimondo and Chinese Minister of Commerce Wang Wentao held a meeting during the Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Minister of Trade held by Detroit. In the past few months, the Ministerial -level officials of the United States and China Government had exchanged for the first time.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/jw-05302023144456.html 
Former Chinese CDC Director admitted for the first time: It cannot be ruled out that the new crown virus is from laboratory outdoor leakage 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T15:19:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T15:47:37-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Gao Fu, former director of the China Disease Control Center The Associated Press Information and Pictures of the New Crown Epidemium (COVID-19) broke out for more than three years around the world, and the origin of the virus was still unremitting. Former Director of China Centers for Disease Prevention and Control Gao Fu recently told BBC that the new coronary virus cannot be ruled out from the laboratory. According to Gao Fu, the Chinese government has investigated the Wuhan Virus Lab, but the Center for Disease Control and Prevention he led has not participated. He also said that he had not read the final investigation report, but heard that the survey results said that the institute "followed all the specifications and did not find any improperness." This is the first time that Chinese officials have admitted that the Laboratory of the Wuhan Virus Research Institute has been formally investigated. Gao Fu said, "Always hold doubts about everything, this is science. Don't rule out any possibility." The investigation of the traceability of the new crown virus is still ongoing, but the Chinese government has continuously refuted that the virus is leaked from the Wuhan Laboratory, and has "dumped the pot" to the United States and other countries on different occasions. The brainwashing of the Chinese government, a large number of Chinese people still believe that the new crown virus originated from the United States and was taken to Wuhan. Since the beginning of this year, many US government agencies have successively proposed reports on the traceability of the virus, saying that the leakage of the Wuhan Virus Research Institute is the most likely explanation. The U.S. House of Representatives passed the bill on March 10, requiring the US administrative authorities to decrypt relevant information about the origin of COVID-19. It is believed that these intelligence involves research on the leakage of the Wuhan Virus Research Institute. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-05302023151729.html 
Drone attacks in Moscow apartments caused damage 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T15:27
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T15:49
Description: Moscow was attacked by drones in the early morning on Tuesday (May 30). The New York Times quoted Mayor of Moscow that some buildings were destroyed and the public was evacuated urgently. A video verified by the New York Times shows that a 25 -storey high male outside the southwestern suburbs of Moscow ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '莫斯科', '无人机', '公寓']
Moscow was attacked by drones in the early morning on Tuesday (May 30).
The New York Times quoted Mayor of Moscow that some buildings were destroyed and the public was evacuated urgently.
A video verified by the New York Times shows that a 25 -storey apartment exterior wall in the southwestern suburbs of Moscow is slightly burnt, and there are fragments of drone wings on the grass outside the apartment.
According to official Russian media reports, the Russian national emergency service department said that at least two drones hit an apartment in Moscow.
No party has claimed to be responsible for the drone attack on Tuesday of Moscow.
On the same day, the Russian army launched large -scale missiles and drones to Kiev, Ukraine capital Kiev during the day.
According to Reuters, officials in Ukraine said that a set of UAV wreckage fell on a high -rise apartment on the top floor of a high -rise apartment](https://www.zaobao.com/realtime/world/story20230530-1399500), Treating a fire. The fire caused at least one resident to die, and the other three were injured.
The situation on Tuesday shows that before Ukraine's expected counterattack, the tension situation is increasing, and the priority of Russia and Ukraine is changing.
Ukraine's offensive operations are getting deeper and deeper into Russia's control, which shows that Moscow is not out of reach for Kiev, and Russia's offensive against Kiev has been heating up after a period of time.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399649 
Russia: Eight UAVs in Ukraine attacked Moscow all shot down 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T15:56
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T15:56
Description: The Russian Ministry of Defense stated that Eight UAVs attacked Moscow, but the eight drones were shot down. Reuters reported that the Russian Ministry of Defense issued a statement on Tuesday (May 30) saying: "This morning, the Kiev regime launched a UAV terrorist attack on Moscow's target ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯国防部', '无人机', '莫斯科', '乌克兰']
The Russian Ministry of Defense stated that Eight UAVs attacked Moscow, but the eight drones were shot down.
Reuters reported that the Russian Ministry of Defense issued a statement on Tuesday (May 30) saying: "This morning, the Kiev regime launched a UAV terrorist attack on Moscow's target."
The statement said: "Three of the drones were rejected by electronic warfare and deviated from their predetermined goals after getting out of control. The other five drones were hit by the armor system by the armor (PANTSIR-S) in the Moscow area. "
According to the New York Times, Mayor Moscow said that Early morning on Tuesday of Moscow was attacked by drones Some buildings were destroyed and the public was evacuated urgently.
A video verified by the New York Times shows that there are slight burnt marks on the exterior wall of a 25 -story apartment in the southwestern suburbs of Moscow, and there are fragments of drone wings on the grass outside the apartment.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399657 
Look at the U.S. Congress to raise the upper limit of the US debt and make progress. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T16:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T17:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 30th) Investors watched the progress of the US Congress to improve the upper -limit US debt, and European stocks closed today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 
伦敦FTSE 100指数下跌105.13点或1.38%，以7522.07点作收。
法兰克福DAX指数下跌43.82点或0.27%，收在15908.91点。
巴黎CAC 40指数下滑94.06点或1.29%，收7209.75点。(译者：陈政一)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230530-%E8%A7%82%E6%9C%9B%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%9B%BD%E4%BC%9A%E6%8F%90%E9%AB%98%E7%BE%8E%E5%80%BA%E4%B8%8A%E9%99%90%E8%A1%A8%E5%86%B3%E8%BF%9B%E5%B1%95-%E6%AC%A7%E8%82%A1%E6%94%B6%E4%BD%8E 
Chinese ships involved illegally salvaging the United Kingdom ’s shipwreck in Malaysia, Malaysia found that it has not exploded 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T16:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T15:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Kuala Lumpur, 30th) The Malaysian Maritime Law Enforcement Bureau said today that the relevant unit is interrogating a crew member of a Chinese ship, which is suspected of illegally salvaging two British World War II shipments and was detained for illegal anchor.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (MMEA) Director of Johor, Nurulhizam Zakaria, said that officials discovered an unblied bomb after boarding the registered Chinese registered ship. The anchor was detained.
Nuruji told AFP: "Our investigation focuses on the source of these shells. At present, officials from multiple institutions are searching for this big ship."
He pointed out that there were 32 crew members from Fuzhou, including 21 Chinese citizens, 10 Banglades and 1 Malaysians. Some crew members were being detained by the police for asking.
Nuruhizhan mentioned: "This case also involves the discovery of explosives."
An anonymous senior maritime official told AFP that metal fragments and artillery seized on the ship may come from two sinking British warships.
It can be seen by photos and videos provided by the Malaysian Maritime Law Enforcement Bureau that there are large corrosive metals and shells on the ship, as well as a large crane and gas welding gun used to cut metal.
The Maritime Law Enforcement Bureau stated in a statement issued yesterday that these artillery shells may not be related to the failure to explode during World War II seized in a dock seized in Johor on the 19th.
Nuruchy emphasized that the Maritime Law Enforcement Bureau will not tolerate any form of illegal salvage activities in the Malaysian waters. He called this search as "uncivilized behavior" and emphasized that "our national property needs to be protected and preserved."
In 1941, HMS Prince of Wales, Prince of the United Kingdom, and HMSREPULSE (HMSREPULSE) were sinking in the South China Sea with torpedoes, and hundreds of British crew died.
The attack took place on December 10, 1941, 3 days after Japan attacked the American fleet of the Hawaii Pearl Harbor.
As the news said that the two shipwrecks had become the goal of illegal salvagers, the BBC reported on the 27th that the British Ministry of Defense condemned the "blasphemy" of the underground army tomb.
The Malaysian New Strait Times reported in recent weeks that illegal salvagers have aimed at the two high -grade aluminum metals and brass accessories on the British shipwreck.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E8%88%B9%E5%8F%AA%E6%B6%89%E9%9D%9E%E6%B3%95%E6%89%93%E6%8D%9E%E8%8B%B1%E5%9B%BD%E4%BA%8C%E6%88%98%E6%B2%89%E8%88%B9-%E5%A4%A7%E9%A9%AC%E6%90%9C%E6%9F%A5%E5%8F%91%E7%8E%B0%E6%9C%AA%E7%88%86%E5%BC%B9 
France: The tension of Cosovo is essential for European security 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T16:30
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T17:03
Description: The Serbian army was placed in the highest level of combat alerts. The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the situation in northern Kosovo was related to European security, so it was necessary to restore stability immediately. Reuters reported that the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Lede Lede issued a statement on Tuesday (May 30) saying: "
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['塞尔维亚', '法国', '冲突', '抗议', '科索沃']
The Serbian army was placed in the highest level of combat alerts. The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the situation in northern Kosovo was related to European security, so it was necessary to restore stability immediately.
Reuters reported that the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Lede issued a statement on Tuesday (May 30) saying: "For Pleishtina (Kosovo) and Belgrade (Serbia), now they are more necessary than ever ever ever ever ever before. It reflects the sense of responsibility, returns to the negotiating table with a compromise, and is for the peace and prosperity of Citizen Citizens in Serbia and Kosovo. "
On Monday (29th) in northern Kosovo's violence, local Serbian protesters and police conflicts conflicted, and later conflicted with the peacekeeper leaders of NATO, causing dozens of people injured. The Serbian in northern Kosovo was dissatisfied with the Albanians who chose to choose the head of the local town and protested, causing about 25 members of NATO peacekeeping troops.
Serbian President Wugic will meet with the heads of the United States, Russia, China, British Ambassador and the EU delegation, including Lede to discuss domestic turmoil.
Lelly appealed to both parties, especially the Kosovo government, immediately took necessary measures to ease the tension. "Under the severe international situation, we cannot accept the stability of the area in danger. This is a question that is related to European security."
Kosovo was a Serbia's autonomous province. The Albanians in the territory of the territory uprising more than 20 years ago, fighting against Serbia's oppression rule, and announced independence in 2008. The northern Kosovo is dominated by Serbians. These Serbians have never acknowledged the Declaration of Independence.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399669 
Pu Tingruo attended the BRICS Summit in South Africa's opposition to ask the government to arrest 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T16:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T16:05:03+00:00
Description: (AFP, Johannisburg, 30th) South Africa's largest opposition party "Democratic Alliance" said today that they have applied to the court to ensure that once Russian President Pu Ting attended the BRICS Summit in South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, and South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa. The government will arrest him and give it to the International Criminal Court.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Glynnis Breytenbach, the Minister of Democratic League, said in a statement: "This preventive court action is to ensure that South Africa performs its obligations (member of the International Criminal Court)."
The South African government has not yet explained how to deal with the problem of arresting Panting, but has given the diplomatic exemption from officials at the Fifth BRICS Foreign Minister's Foreign Minister Meeting and the Five BRICS Leaders' Summit in August this week.
However, South Africa denies that this operation is related to the arrest warrant of Puting. The South African Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement saying that these exemptions are only the "standard" procedures for hosting international conferences, and "will not override any searches issued by any international court to any participants."
Branda said that the Democratic Alliance was to prevent the South African government's arrest of Sudan President Omar Hassan Al-Bashir, which was also wanted by the International Criminal Court in 2015, and repeated the same mistakes from the South African Court to the South African Court. "Declatory Order).
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E8%92%B2%E4%BA%AD%E8%8B%A5%E5%87%BA%E5%B8%AD%E9%87%91%E7%A0%96%E5%B3%B0%E4%BC%9A-%E5%8D%97%E9%9D%9E%E5%8F%8D%E5%AF%B9%E5%85%9A%E8%A6%81%E6%B1%82%E6%94%BF%E5%BA%9C%E9%80%AE%E6%8D%95 
Chinese cargo ship illegal salvage World War II British ships 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T16:35
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T22:45
Description: In 1941, the British battleship "Prince Wales" and "Revealed" underwater underwater under the seaside of the Japanese army was sunk by the Japanese army in the Sea of the Malaysia Pahang. A Chinese cargo ship was also Malaysian West by Malaysia because of illegal salvage of the cultural relics of the two warships on the week ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马来西亚', '中国', '二战', '偷窃', '船难']
In 1941, the British battleship "Prince Wales" and "Revealed" underwater underwater under the seaside of the Japanese army was sunk by the Japanese army in the Sea of the Malaysia Pahang. A Chinese cargo ship was detained by Malaysian maritime law enforcement agencies for illegally salvage the cultural relics of the two warships.
Malaysian Maritime Law Enforcement Institutions, Johor Commander Nuruji, accounting for a statement on Tuesday (May 30) that law enforcement officers started a routine patrol on Sunday (28th) at noon, and found that the registered cargo ship registered in Fuzhou, China did not be parked. In the seas of Danjung Lane in Johor. The authorities detained the cargo ship and 32 crew members on the day.
Nuruhizhan pointed out that the maritime law enforcement agency sent 15 law enforcement officers to searches the cargo ship with 12 Johor Police Bullet demolition teams and officials of the State Cultural Relics Bureau, and found 100 pieces. I believe it was an unprepared bomb during World War II.
He said that the personnel of the bullet demolition team had taken away all the shells and destroyed, and the police will release more detailed investigation results afterwards. He believes that the freight ship may involve the wreckage of old British warships in the waters of Pahang.
Nuruji posted a statement on Monday (29th), revealing: "The detained crew members include a Malaysian captain, and 21 Chinese citizens and 10 Bangladesh citizens. Their age is from 23 to 57 years." He It is said that the maritime law enforcement agencies have preliminarily judged that the shells are taken from the "Prince of Wales". The authorities will cooperate with the police and the State Cultural Relics Bureau to further confirm the year of the shells.
According to the Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) last Saturday (27th), the British Ministry of Defense condemned the "blasphemy" of the underground army tomb. The National Museum of Britain was worried about the two warships "deliberately destroyed to get private interests.
The Japanese army attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, and three days later (December 10 of the same year) sank the "Prince of Wales" and "Revisible" in the sea of torpedoes outside the Kantan, causing a total of 835 officers and soldiers of the two ships to be killed. Essence After Britain, the wreckage of the two ships was the tomb of the underground army. The two British ships were not first salvaged. In November 2014, the Malaysian Navy also arrested 17 Vietnamese fishermen illegally salvaging the two British ships.
According to the British "Daily Mail" reported in August 2018, more than 12 flat -bottom ships from China and equipped with lifting equipment for many years have been illegally salvaged in Indonesia and Malaysian waters for many years to obtain high -quality steel.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399672 
The U.S. Indo -Pacific Command said that Chinese military planes are unprofessional to intercept US military aircraft in the South China Sea 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T16:47:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T16:52:25-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Video released by the Indo-Pacific Command showed that Chinese pilots flew directly to the RC-135's nose, forcing American planes to fly through its tail turbulence. U.S. Indo-PACIFIC Command Twitter Screenshot According to a press release issued by the Public Affairs Department of the U.S. Department of India on May 30, the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command issued a statement on unprofessional interception of US aircraft in the South China Sea. The statement stated that on May 26, a People's Republic of China J-16 fighter pilots performed unnecessary radical actions while intercepting the US Air Force RC-135 aircraft in the South China Sea. The Chinese pilot flew directly to the RC-135's head, forcing American planes to fly through its tail turbulence. According to international law, RC-135 is flying safe and routine in the South China Sea International Airship. The statement said that the United States will continue to fly, navigate, and move safely within the scope permitted by international law. The United States India -Pacific Union will continue to fly in the international airspace, and at the same time consider the safety laws of all ships and aircraft stipulated in international law. The statement finally stated that we are looking forward to the use of international airspace safely in all countries in Yintai District according to international law. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-05302023164503.html 
Former Shaanxi Deputy Governor Li Jinzhu was checked 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T16:50:11-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T16:50:11-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Li Jinzhu, former deputy governor of Shaanxi On May 29, the website of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection reported that Li Jinzhu, who was former deputy governor of Shaanxi, was suspected of serious disciplinary violations and is currently undergoing disciplinary review and supervision investigation by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. Hong Kong media quoted public information showing that 68 -year -old Li Jinzhu had worked in the coal system for many years. Director of the General Office, Director of the Research Department, Deputy Secretary of the Baoji Municipal Party Committee (posting) of the Baoji Municipal Party Committee of Shaanxi Province, Mayor of Yulin City, Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee, etc. In 2011, he served as a member of the party group and deputy governor of the Shaanxi Provincial Government. Deputy Director. As Li Jinzhu was investigated this time, the central management cadres who had fallen into the horse this year have risen to 22 people. (Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-05302023164843.html 
"Asia Pacific Report" May 30, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T16:58:42-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T16:58:42-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Free Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/YP-05302023144101.html/@@stream The main content of this show:
1 . Henan ZTE Church was smashed and banned by the authorities, and religious facilities in Guangdong and Lu Du was destroyed;
2 . Former candidate Li Biyun, a representative of the Foshan grassroots people's congress in Guangdong, was blocked by medical treatment;
3 . China ’s high -profile reception of Musk has refused to talk about the Ministry of Civil Defense. What medicine does it sell in the gourd?
4 . Henan Internet celebrity Chen Shaotian "walking" went to the United States to seek asylum, and recorded videos along the way aroused the attention of netizens;
5 . Beijing held the "Cross -Strait Media People Summit" and was cold in Taiwan.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-05302023144101.html 
Invite the Iraqi Party to join Anwar: I know nothing 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T17:33
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T17:33
Description: Malaysian Prime Minister Anhua said he never invited Islamic Party Chairman Hadi Awang to join the united government. "No one told me (invited the Iraqi Party to join), I don't know who (invites the Iraqi Party), I don't know." This is a weeks of the Malaysian government.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['安华', '伊斯兰党']
Malaysian Prime Minister Anhua said he never invited Islamic Party Chairman Hadi Awang to join the united government. "No one told me (invited the Iraqi Party to join), I don't know who (invites the Iraqi Party), I don't know." This is the first time that the government has invited the Iraqi Party to join the government for several weeks. Essence
Hadi Awang told the media last Saturday (May 27): "Someone contacted me, invited me to meet, and suggested that the Iraqi party joined the unity government." Hadi Awang's statement caused UMNO and the Pakatan Harapan party. However, the Acting Chairman of the Iraqi Party, Duan Yi Blaoshim on Monday (29th) Solidarity Hadi Awang And he claimed to meet him and put forward the same suggestions with him.
Anwar said on Tuesday (30th) to answer the media inquiries that he did not know that the Iraqi Party had been invited to join the unity government, and the united government leadership never discussed the matter. "It may be the leader of a certain district department (invited the Iraqi Party), but the united government leadership meeting has never been (discuss the matter)."
Anhua emphasized that even if someone really invited, "this invitation does not come from me, nor does it come from the leadership of the unity government."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399693 
Reader Square | 【How do I know June 4th】 Come on the Come on 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T17:33:05-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T17:33:05-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 "Tanks" June 5, 1989 blocking the PLA Tank Associated Press in Tiananmen Square on June 5th
Codeling: On the eve of the June 4th anniversary of 2023, Radio Free Asia issued a appeal on Twitter, hoping to hear how Chinese young people understand June 4th process Essence __ The result of a stone stirred up a thousand waves, the response of the reader was hot!In addition to nearly a thousand messages below Twitter, we also received dozens of emails, telling the journey of their understanding of the June 4th incident. Now the letter is gathered here, in order to readers. The editor of this station only amended some of the typos of the original text, or it was only published in the selection, and there was no change other than that. In order to protect the security of the author, the letter is not signed. _ _ 吧 _
Hello, I am a middle school student. I have been in contact with the Internet earlier. In my fifth grade of my elementary school, I learned to turn over the wall for the first time and saw the world of freedom outside the wall. At that time, Google, Wikipedia and YouTube were a must -see website for me to turn over the wall. Gradually, I gradually saw the objectiveness and two -sided nature of many high -quality creators on these platforms. And learned about the unknown June 4th movement of peers. Since then, I have begun to publicize the bad crimes of China and the Communist Party, and led them to gradually understand the truth about China.
========
After I was 00, when I was in junior high school, a friend joked that he went to Tiananmen to take the tank and pressed you. He did not say that he said, and I just remember this sentence. Later, every June martial law, and then the QQ group talked often bombarded the group, and probably learned about this from the vague description of the group.
Of course, the most dramatic is how I took the initiative to search for information. I watched the live broadcast at station B. Generally, the anchor opened the live broadcast mode to prevent the bombers from. The live broadcast mode will turn the opponent's nickname into a character name+a series of numbers. That day, the killing information in the upper right corner suddenly showed the power boy#8964. As a result, the live broadcast room was immediately blocked. I felt absurd and had a curiosity, and I checked on the relevant historical knowledge.
============
After I was born in the Inner Mongolia area of the mainland, I knew that the 64 incident was told by junior high school classmates. He said that his grandfather classmate had participated in the 64 days of the Annmen incident before. The Communist Party killed many people. Surprising, tell you when you come back. At the beginning, I did not believe that the "Great Communist Party" would do such a thing. Later, because playing games, I needed to register the Google account, learned to turn over the wall after various online surfing, and knew that youTube and other software were searched for the first time. The 64th day incident, and knew that Falun Gong was persecuted. The Communist Party said better than singing. It is the real Nazi party. I hope the Communist Party will fall down soon.
============
I am a student studying in China International School. I never know that our government will make such anti -human atrocities, but there are no windy walls in the world. Even if there are firewalls, history and facts will never be covered. Essence
The historical books of Chinese international textbooks will be controlled, and even some cities do not allow academic history (AP, A Level, or IB course) Our history books will be collected as soon as it starts, and it will be returned to us after a month. Our book is affixed with a variety of seals. Driven by curiosity, I and my classmates carefully torn out the seal in the book. When I saw the content about China, I saw a picture: A man stood in front of the tank to block the tank. My classmates and I were shocked. Under our understanding, we started to read the content, and we found that we have been drumped by our government. We have never written such anti -human rights atrocities in history. After we talked about this content in the classroom and held the book with a torn seal in our hands, our teacher walked into the classroom. He saw the book in our hands torn out the seal. He was very angry at the time. I sent the principal's room with my classmates and gave us punishment and let us write a review.
I finally downloaded VPN to see the news and documentaries of BBC and RFA completely understood the truth of the matter. I do n’t understand why I go to understand the truth of history, but I have to be punished? Why does our government cover the facts? I am really disappointed with my government now, and I hate their hypocrisy.
==========
Everyone of Liberty Asia, hello, I am a post -05, born in 2006, can be said to be quite young. For the first time, I learned that the matter of June 4 was in 2020. At that time, Wuhan pneumonia was raging, and my new year in my hometown ended in advance. In the early days of the outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan, I had doubts about the government. What was completely changed is the Red Cross. I completely lost trust in the Chinese government and the CCP. About February day, I communicated with a netizen's view of the CCP government. He accidentally mentioned the Tiananmen incident. At that time, he was more vague. I remembered that my mother and I talked about the student parade of Tiananmen Square. Google searched the June 4th incident. After watching Wikipedia, I felt unhappy, and listened to the VOA and the BBC documentary. They studied the June 4th and told my classmates at the school. It is estimated that there are hundreds of people who know from me.
========
I am a college student in 2003. The rumors of "Deng Xiaoping tanks crushed students". This incident was widely circulated in our hometown, but no one can tell a complete story, that is, everyone knows that they don't know. When I was a kid, I heard that my family and relatives talked together. At that time, I was curious. From a young age, the CCP has instilled in our children and adolescents. The June 4th shocked me very much, and indirectly made me interested in politics. When I was 18 years old, there was a classmate who had a good relationship. He studied stock trading. When he studied the economy, he would turn over the wall more or less. Under his influence, I also turned over the wall. I can't help but feel nauseous in Wikipedia, oil pipes, and Twitter. Destroy the Chinese Communist Party, June 4th Yinghun Soul is immortal!Intersection Intersection
====================
First of all, I want to invite you to see a link in front of the screen: https://yibaochina.com/?p=250376 (Back of the world).
This link is an article that I voted for the online journal "Report" and was published by the editorial department.
In fact, like the two -year -old Yue Ying (Yue Jinan) in the story, I also received a money -saving can with a password on the 8th birthday of "198964". Although I didn't know what it meant at that time, after experiencing the baptism of time, this number of numbers had been deeply engraved in my cerebral cortex. This is the initial memory of June 4th.
At the age of 16, I converted to Christ. Later, the yin and yang was wrong. After more than a year, I heard the June 4th experienceder in a WeChat public account, the evidence of Rev. Zhang Bozhen (Zhang Bozhen, a one of the 21 students who was wanted at the time. , Ranked 17th).
At this time, I only learned that there was a real thing that happened, which had been erased by my motherland from the history books ... (Selected)
============
Originally, I knew nothing about this, and the elders at home have never mentioned it. Until the year of the Chief Executive's Q & A Conference, Chang Mao Liang Guoxiong asked how Zeng Yinquan evaluated the June 4th incident. It was strange that the radio and television examiner at that time had forgotten to cover this picture. I remember that Zeng Yinquan only just said that the economy has made great development in the past years. It is from this inadvertent "mistake". I started to understand this historical event. Since then, my position has begun to change and move closer to liberals.
==========
In a foreign language high school student, when he was on the first year, he learned to turn over the wall game and download some international games. He did not understand political things. After a while, Twitter was Twitter. For the first time, it was 6.3. Because of the well -known political education in the wall, I joined the Pink Army without deep understanding, and started a year of fighting with Mida . With the deepening of cognition, the epidemic, unreasonable policies, and the reading of books, I gradually learned about June 4th from many aspects. Although students are objective, the government is indeed full of dumplings and devils. I realize the darkness of the CCP government. About the third grade, I introduced and discussed the June 4th of the people around me. More students did not know. I can say that there is no subjective instilling. Just putting on an objective fact is enough to make the students realize the dark side of the CCP. I have played BBC videos and had mark in school. The high school entrance examination was smooth. I still insisted on high school and found that there were more friends with the same cognition in the province's top high school. We talked about politics in English corners and read the books of thinkers and philosophers in the library. There are traces of commemorative June 4th. I helped many people to understand the country objectively and rationally, and also witnessed the changes of my classmates during the epidemic. I was moved by my classmates' confidence in the future of light.
========
I am not a post -00s, I am from the 90s and 91st years. I know that my history teacher told me when I was in junior high school. She said that the Communist Party was not what the news network said at all, and the hands of the Communist Party were covered with the blood of the people. At the beginning of the two thousand years, China's ideological control was not so strict. Junior high school textbooks also mentioned in June 4th. I clearly remembered that "a serious political storm occurred in my country in 1989", which was such a sentence.
After school, I went home and asked my dad, what was the situation in June 4th. My dad told me that in the 1980s, the Renaissance of the Renaissance in China. At that time, everyone loved literature and music, and the free thoughts rose unprecedentedly until the June 4th. My parents have participated in work in 89 years (non -Beijing). My mother was a teacher. She told me that when she was in June 4th, some people came to school to encourage teachers to let primary and secondary students get up.
At that time, Internet control was not as crazy now. You can go to YouTube in China, but some keywords are blocked. But I still saw a lot of videos about June 4th on YouTube. I also knew Liu Xiaobo, Worth Kaixi, Wang Dan and others.
This incident had a great impact on me at the time. I discovered that the Communist Party's lies and spared no effort to maintain my rule. At the same time, I felt sad for the students of the year. It was my first life that I felt like a living life disappeared.
Now that Xi Jinping's governance, China can easily return to that horror era, because Xi Jinping is a dictator, and there are only two types of dictators in the world -one is the old death, and the other is to be killed. I believe Xi Jinping does not want to be killed, so he will use his exhaustion to consolidate his dominant position. He will definitely allocate interests to his political allies to ensure that his party's status.
========
My cognitive transformation comes from the ban on various foreign software in 2018. Because professional learning needs must be turned over the wall to use a certain software, at the time, I learned to learn the wall seriously after class. From a young age, it has become an anti -Communist. This period of time was in the first half of 2019, but at that time, our understanding of CCP was not in -depth, because some things seemed to be particularly exaggerated and I couldn't believe it. We did not do too much. think. Until June, friends of our club told me that Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan international students had to concentrate on June 4th to organize movies and snacks (compulsory). I was very puzzled at the time? So I went to the outer network to search for relevant information to understand the real history, and then the CCP pushed the National Security Law and the Hong Kong people's parade in Hong Kong. I started to pay attention to the news of Hong Kong every day since June. Come on, Hong Kong people are more worried, because I know that CCP has no bottom line. I watched Hong Kong people fight for democracy and freedom every day for more than a month. I felt uncomfortable when I saw it. The kind of uncomfortable was that the internal organs felt that the five internal organs were stirred together, especially some friends who were close to the truth also cursed Hong Kong people without knowing the truth. Crazy overlap, including my girlfriend. (Election)
========
I knew in junior high school. At that time, a roommate of my room, he was a top fat house plus a wave of waves. He had already turned over the wall to browse the net, so he knew about June 4th and followed We simply and vaguely talked about June 4th. He talked about the PLA's opening of tanks to suppress students, suppressed the people, and said that the people at that time used flesh and blood to stop the tank, and then crushed by tanks. But at that time, including me, most of the roommates did not believe it, because how could we believe that this happened by the Chinese Communist Party's brainwashing.====
Unlike many people, I heard about the June 4th incident after the Great Wall of Fire, and searched the relevant content through Chinese Wikipedia. Since then, I opened the door to the new world. Although my dissatisfaction with the Beijing authorities had emerged before turning over the Great Wall of Fire, I only stayed at the stage of "opposing some Communists rather than the entire Communist Party", and even some worship of Mao Zedong. However, through information dissemination of the free world, I gradually abandoned those naive thoughts, and the desire for freedom is also increasing. (Election)
=========
I was born in 2004. In the ordinary villages in a province in the east, like the factory settings of many Chinese people, I have been in contact with various military propaganda and film and television channels since I was a child, which makes me a pink.
In the middle school, I became a lot of understanding. I felt that there were many corrupt officials and bad officials in the society, and the country could not help but think for the country. At that time, my thoughts seemed to be closer to the young school of the militarism in Japan. I felt that the central government was blinded, and now I feel funny when I think of it.
In high school, when I first came into contact with 64, the teacher asked us if we knew the tide of eight or nine academic tide. The class was naturally silent. Later, I learned to turn over the wall. After seeing Wikipedia and many photo materials, I learned that the 64 incident, that is, I became the current me.
========
I was born in Urumqi, born in 2005, and knew it over the wall a few years ago, but I never happened to have no chance because I did not happen to (know June 4th). I went to school at the beginning of this year and found VPN in a group: I saw someone talking about the June 4th incident when watching YouTube or Twitter, but when I saw this incident People said; after searching on Chrome, I knew this incident, and then I asked my parents and found that they all knew about it. It is just that the Great Leap Forward can now be public, and the June 4th incident can never let us know. From the beginning of this incident, it has even strengthened my determination to anti -communist anti -China and moist.
=========
After 05, primary schools like to play games because they want to play games. When they want to play out of the game, they came into contact with VPN. At that time, only VPN played games. In junior high school, I liked to watch VTuber, and I came into contact with the oil pipe Twitter, and one day I suddenly discovered the BBC documentary. After watching it, I was shocked. I thought about why the history books and the network in the wall did not have this history. There are more establishment of the government, awakening and seeing the truth of CCP. Such a country is not worthy of my patriotism.
============
For the first time, I knew that this incident was in the historical class of high school. The historical teacher accidentally talked about this. At that time, I knew nothing about this matter. The teacher only said that Deng Xiaoping slaughtered the students in Tiananmen Square. The students were used. Deng Xiaoping had to take extreme means. At that time, the history teacher was in middle school. He taught his teacher to participate in June 4th, and later returned to the village to teach. I have always been interested in history and politics. I was very surprised after listening. I went home and searched on my mobile phone. I didn't find anything. Later, I asked my father. My father said that at that time he was in junior high school. Students from all over the country went to Tiananmen to march. Students lying on the railway did not leave the train. On the TV, the video of Tiananmen Square every day, many students threw a burning bottle to confront the army. My father said that it was because the students were young and vigorous. Later, I didn't investigate this matter. After I went to college, I had a very clear understanding of the social appearance, doubted the ruling party, and began to understand the history of western politics and the history of the Communist Party. Then I collected the history of the June 4th incident with strong curiosity with strong curiosity, learned about the whole picture of the matter, and clearly realized that students were not used, and they were just sacrificed for the ideal of freedom and democracy. After many zero in the wall, I knew that there was such a matter, but most of them accepted that students were used by the West by the West, which caused many people to not care about this matter, and thought that it was just a turmoil that the Communist Party governed occasionally occasionally.
=========
I am a post -00s. My father and many relatives at home are local government officials. I did not care about Chinese politics at first. I remember it faintly. When I grew up, when I dinner, these elders would have these elders. Tell me what happened in 1989 and tells their personal experience. At that time The parade, pursuing democracy and freedom, and the grievance of the late state chairman Hu Yaobang.
They said that when the student movement was suppressed, the local governments issued a notice asking those who participated in the parade to register their names at the time and guaranteed that they would not "account for accounts after autumn." At that time, the students were naive, and they registered with the mentality of believing in the government. As a result, each student who registered identities was not reused after working, and there was no chance of promotion at all. No matter how talented that person was. The elders told me that it was very dangerous to shake the Communist Party's ruling foundation. They would use everything to destroy all the forces that oppose them, and tell me not to be this "head bird."
After learning to break the restrictions on the GFW of China's Internet firewall, I saw relevant documentary and news reports on YouTube before I learned that most of the historical facts.
=======
For the first time, I knew that June Fourth was in the first year of high school. In a class in high school, the teacher vaguely talked about June 4th. She said that she had a demonstration in Beijing in 1989, but was suppressed, and the tank was opened to Tiananmen Square. I was very shocked, not connected, and fear, and instantly believed that this was real, because there were too many things that happened from small to large from small to large. Lie, all kinds of corporal punishment and abuse when the Education Bureau came to check. When I went home and asked my mother, she denied it. She told me that Beijing did have a demonstration, but college students were used by ulterior motives. She also said that it was impossible to shoot and tanks, and there was no large -scale death. The reason was that if many students were killed that year, these students also had parents and family members. To their existence.
Then this incident was put on hold, and I did not further explore. By the third year of high school, I found an image entrance to the Wikipedia on the Internet (you can access it without turning the wall). I read the six four entries on it and learned about the process of June 4th. After the college entrance examination, I learned to turn over the wall, so that I can complete the information of June 4th. The two resources are more useful for me. Academic research books on June 4th and Chinese modern history.
==========
For the first time, I knew that the existence of the Antanmen suppression incident in June 4th was in the second grade of junior high school. At that time, I was about 14 years old. It was my classmate who was very close to me told me this unknown history. At that time, I discussed with him what history may be tampered with by the CCP, and we talked about June 4th.
The 64th day of the Anmen incident was shocked to the teenager. I couldn't imagine that the Communist Party with a great and bright Communist in the textbook did such a good thing. Because of this, I know the existence of the network firewall, which is also one of my opportunities to wake up. Learn to turn over the wall.After that, the legendary objections programmed with Ruan Xiaohuan's review of the June 4th series, telling me more about the cause and consequences of the June 4th. For example, Hu Yaobang, Zhao Ziyang and Deng Xiaoping Chen Yun and others, the four -six -six social editorial, anti -officials, etc. It can be said that the blog of programming and the imagination has made me complete the last step, that is, why our society needs freedom to rule with the rule of law, what is what we need to be in the rule of law. Life is the life that a person should live.
=========
Knowing that the 64 incident was in 2006, when I watched the movie "Golden Armor" with my parents at the time. At the end of the film, there was a plot that described the rebellion of Prince Jie. The eunuch's palace girl in the palace washed the blood stains of the rebels and placed the scene of chrysanthemum. Then my mother said, this is not the same as 64. I was particularly curious and wanted to continue to ask, but my dad was very nervous and motioned my mother not to say it anymore. At that time, I was still young, and my parents' nervous look made me particularly curious. I never saw their expressions. , But there is no content at all. Then I learned to use Wikipedia to know that there were many things that happened after the founding of the People's Republic of China.
========
I am a middle school student in mainland China. I was born in a four -generation red environment and grew up in the late period of President Hu Jintao and the Xi Jinping era.
My first understanding of the "June 4th" was in the historical class of the second grade of junior high school. The historical teacher in my junior high school was young and lively, and was almost loved by all students. It was his talk in the classroom that caused our interests -the first time is the second semester of the second year. Once "hunger strike", "demonstration", "clear field", as for the details, how to "clear the field" was not mentioned. After almost a year, the classroom came to a close topic. He once again mentioned the "eight or nine academic tide", which triggered the curiosity of our "find out". Cute -quietly tell us not to talk about it, close the classroom door, and pull the curtains. Now, if you want to come, the atmosphere is also very suitable. It is more satisfied that when it comes to the use of tanks such as tanks, it is said that Tiananmen cleans up. But I am still not satisfied, but there is no more way to understand, until I went to high school. With the way to break through the "wall", I register for Twitter account. At that time, I will still be a "pink". I will scold the CCP when I see the bad remarks of the CCP. The evil things that I never knew were presented in front of me, including "June 4th". That's all of our top talents. They are full of hope in their hearts. They are hope that they have thought that this regime will have such great hostility to themselves. Not only students, it is difficult for intellectuals, and ordinary citizens to accept it. Not only are Beijing, how sad Chinese people at home and abroad are? For soldiers, those who have conscience are sins that make them feel ashamed for a lifetime. For those who have no conscience, killing and blood are the beginning of their youth. Like Mr. Liu Xiaobo's poems:
"Those young soldiers
Maybe just put on military uniforms
Haven't experienced it yet
The drunkenness of being kissed by the girl
In the moment
Experience the pleasure of bloodthirsty
Killing is the beginning of their youth. "It is even as a capital of showing off and proud of their pride. It is really ashamed. Only so late can I know such a tragedy and so few people know such a tragedy. According to Mr. Lu Xun's definition, tragedy is something valuable thing. The destruction shows that the young life of the students, the hope of realizing democracy and freedom in China, etc., the CCP was destroyed that day!
That's right, I have completely transformed into a "anti -thief", not only seen on the Internet, I have encountered a lot in real life, although only ten years, especially the new crowns for three years. Before the CCP's fantasy, I also eagerly wanted to join it. I can do not do much, only to spread as many things as possible, tell the "June 4th" to classmates, or friends who are younger than me, as much as possible to describe the facts as much as possible. The concept just let the facts of bad deeds impacked their ideas. Obviously, the effect is good, and friends will not follow the CCP blindly.
In the past year, I have learned more about the deeds and literary works of "June 4th" in detail. I know the persecuted Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo. He is a hero, my role model; So many of my favorite Hong Kong and Taiwan artists all care about China ’s democracy and freedom, which makes me love even more. This year, I also collected our generation of students' understanding of the "June 4th" and what I wanted to say to the students of the year. I tried to pay tribute to the students of the "June 4th": "Your actions and desires failed, but successful left a wound in history, people will only be blinded, and they will not forget. Starting germination, we will work hard, you will not be forgotten, I will pick up the torch, no matter whether anyone follows, maybe I will fall, but there will be more people to continue. Democracy will not kill. immortal!"
============
As a post -00 group in China, they have accepted the ideology of the Communist Party and the education of the party and the education of the party. Domestic history of compulsory education, especially historical control in 49 years, is particularly strict.
Simply, when I started to learn Chinese modern history in the second grade of junior high school, I changed a teacher who was very grateful to all of them. The teacher's professionalism is excellent. The most important thing is that among the teachers who are unwilling to tell the truth of history are the only historical truth that this generation is erased with conscience.
When the teacher spent a lesson time to tell us about everything that happened that year, the belief formed from childhood to large from childhood to large. "Serving the people" has become a joke. When I went back that day, I found the older generation of family members asking what happened in 1989, and the older generation said that their memory was expressed. In fact, the older generation knew that they all knew, but in the face of the bloody cleaning of that year, they chose to be silent and chose to close their mouths!Choose the younger generation in the "prosperity" of lies in the drums.
With the increase of age and experience, with me, I started to turn over the wall to learn more about the truth. My cognition is constantly reshaping. I know that I have completed the narrative of lies from China and this ideological instillment. But in high school, I found that almost all of my classmates and friends around me were "little pink", "little war wolf", and "little red guards" output from small to large irrigation. They firmly believed in this lie. Narrative. As a student, I feel helpless and confused. After I aware of the reshaping, I was incompatible among a group of "wolves" classmates, and they were regarded as "reactionary". I want to change their cognition, or in other words, I want to let them see more the truths of being banned, so that they can also recognize to reshape.
I started to download and print documents, Tiananmen incidents, cultural revolutions, etc. from Wikipedia. These print documents were widely circulated in our liberal arts class unknowingly. Although it has been experienced for nearly a year, this is effective. Later, our class has formed a "consensus" in politics. Whenever the political teacher talks about what our socialist democracy, what people's congress, what everything is for the people's congress, what is everything for the people's congress, what is for everything for the people's congress, what is everything for the people's congress, what is everything for the people's congress, what is everything for the people's congress, and what is for everything for the people's congress. When the people such such lies are narrative, our classmates will be sneered or questioned under the podium. Of course, the political teacher is also in the hearts of Qing'er, and occasionally laughs with us.=========
Hello, I am a 2003 college student. Regarding June 4th, I was in the historical class of the seventh grade. The teacher went to the period of the 1960s, and then mentioned to us that on June 4, 1989, the people's uprising went on the streets of the street, the color revolution, the Communist Party used the Communist Party, and the Communist Party used it. Gun and tank suppression. After returning home, I asked my dad, and my dad also asked me how to know in surprise, and said about it. In the eighth semester in the eighth grade, in the 18th year, I first came into contact with VPN, and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology had not strictly seized the private VPN. I went to Google and YouTube to check the June 4th. Some negatives of the Communist Party have never heard of what they have heard in China.
=========
I am a native of Henan, a native mainland, and I am glad to share with you how I understand the true face of 8964 and the CCP.
When I was young, I heard such two stories. 1: There is an electrician in our village. He has no hukou or land. The reason is that he worked as a soldier in Beijing in 1989. Once he was drunk, he spit bitter water on the wine table. When he talked about his own soldiers, it was not easy, and he also said the secrets that had been hiding in his heart for many years. That is, he personally participated in the 64 massacre, fearing that he would be destroyed by the CCP afterwards. Their company commander did not return to the team at the time, but took them back to his hometown overnight.
2:(I am a relative. There is such an old man in the village. He is very particular about wearing, and he is also very handsome, but he has not been married in his life. When the old man was young, he also introduced him to a very good relationship, because he was a soldier in Beijing, and he was still very popular in his hometown at that time. One day I did not know why I ran back to my hometown, there was no hukou, no land. Later, I learned that he was the guard of Zhou Enlai. He had been working beside Zhou Enlai. On the eve of the transfer, he took a pen from Zhou Enlai's desk and wanted to stay as a memorial. Later, Zhou Enlai knew it, so he gave him a cold words: limit You left Beijing 24 hours. He fled back to his hometown overnight for his life.
Maybe many people have heard similar stories, or they have heard of the 64 massacre and the black history of the CCP, but unfortunately they don't care. I might be an exception. In addition to being particularly enthusiastic about history, there is also a one -to -three, and I think about it. Just like the second little story, this broke my understanding of Premier Zhou's cute and respectable image at that time, so that I later learned that Zhou was also a demon who did not blink.
============
If you set up a firewall, I will explore it!
I was born in 00 -year Hu Jintao. Everything in the Olympic Games is full of vitality and spring!Everything is booming. I thought China was the most perfect country in the world after the United States.
When it comes to 8964, I have to mention that over the wall because there are too many vulnerabilities in our historical textbooks, it is obviously castrated and "disappeared". I am a person who likes to study history. So short after the year?
I went out of the wall and went out to play the game. I needed to register a ID. At that time, the webpage loading was very slowly realized that there was a kind of power to deliberately control the Internet
Later, I learned through the game forum that there was a "firewall" electronic Great Wall. I couldn't wait to cross the Great Wall, but just wondered what it looked like outside? At that time, my classmates used some means (should be VPN) to bring me to a unpredictable laptop to find my classmates.
I came into contact with Youtube BBC Voice of America.
I know that Mr. Liu Xiaobo also admired his courage because of his conviction and to understand his courage, so look at the wall!
At that time, Baidu (about 14-19 as far as I learned) was a search and related Baidu Encyclopedia (the Chinese version of Wikipedia) called the "political storm" in the spring and summer of 1989. Search for the results of the use of the Xiaomi mobile phone with the browser. The current page is not or display according to laws and regulations (Baidu Search June 4th Incident)
I believe you will ask me what to think of this?
After understanding the incident, I started to be attracted to the Eastern European drama into the Berlin Wall after understanding the incident.
Comrade Xiaoping grabbed the students without refusing to acknowledge the attitude of the Communist Party? Don't reflect on the year!Do not change evil for faults!I have to say that June 4th in 1989 was the closest to the rule of law from China and even Chinese to the rule of law after 1949!If you are fortunate, I will stand on the square!Fortunately, there is no army in Urumqi Middle Road to suppress the use of tank bullets
Summary because the firewall is to register the game ID — overturning the wall -Liu Xiaobo — Charter 08 — BBC — 8964 — Looking forward to the development of democracy and rule of law
I firmly believe that not only the white paper revolution in China will also have a day when the Berlin Wall collapses
Read for the CCP!Fight to the end for democratic constitutional government!
============
I learned that on the one hand, the June 4th incident was because of the large -scale tightening review mechanism of the Internet in early June each year, and on the other hand, because of the high level of penetration of the Chinese folk penetration rate, we could comprehensively understand the eighth or nine academic tide.
As part of the democratization movement in the 1980s, the June 4th incident was repeatedly instilled into the minds of the Chinese people over 30 years in a vacant manner. Officials acknowledge that this is a scandal and adopt an online review to try to cover up history. However, in the fragmented June 4th incident that see the official information, the government itself admits that this is a "storm" together, but believes that violence clears the field and afterwards and afterwards Persecution is a necessary means to maintain national security.
At the same time that the two treatment methods are parallel, the attitude of Chinese officials and the people is contradictory in treating the June 4th incident. We must admit that we lack serious politics in this regard. This part is due to speech control, but the more reason is that we subconsciously use the June 4th as a high cabinet. This attitude of dealing with history has disappeared into a historic symbol of the tank people and martial arts troops, and then either simply believes that June 4th is the consequences of "subversion of overseas forces". The four incidents are the consequences of authoritarian politics (liberal perspective). The moral division that simply regards June Fourth as "good" or "evil" is not conducive to the true responsibility of history.
Now we must think about many problems in the sense of political philosophy: democracy, authoritarianism, or the political system itself. Just using a complaint and joke attitude will only refuse the retrospective, thereby rejecting the historical movement. The end of the history of Koyev and the post -Cold War era still has obvious conflicts. Of course, free and democracy has its inevitable limit. The end of the new answer. The June 4th incident has become the iconic incident of modern Chinese history (which can be opposed to the Gwangju incident in South Korea), but in the final analysis, it is only called on a symbolic level that it cannot go out of the authoritarian model at all. For each generation after the June 4th, what we really lack is political enlightenment and corresponding training, as well as true participation in politics.
============Later, I went to watch the video of the B station and found that the sentence inserted in the middle was deleted.
When I first knew, I didn't understand any conceptual theory, I just felt really bad. There are too many such videos outside. Later, I learned to understand myself and started reading. The biography of Deng of Fu Gaoyi made me learn to consider this problem in multiple aspects. I used to have great confidence in such a whole set of System, thinking that it was not wrong. But a lot of things happened last year, and everyone was a little annoyed. I often look at the past memories of public space display to people, and there is always a difference from my own feelings. This is like being caused by tampering by memory. So I got into the private space, my past photos, other people's books, Liu Yu, Liang Wendao, Chen Danqing, and public intellectuals who wrote their memory and feelings, but could resonate with me. I also started to read Fushan, Muller, and I want to know what SO-Called thinks.
Sooner or later, they are determined, but are they stable? As Fushan said, the powerful national capabilities can make them complete the huge projects such as the Three Gorges, but do many people really benefit from this, it is not easy to evaluate.
I still believe that the current confrontation is conscious confrontation. We always adhere to our current approach through the principle of "tolerance and diverse", reject some of the value of the west, as if they are not suitable for us. But finally found that the pursuit of human nature is the same. Who does not want equality and liberty?
==========
How to say, if there is no song "East East of the Queen" suddenly disappeared in the summer of 19 years, I may not know what happened in Hong Kong at that time, and I did not know that such a big thing happened in 1989 Essence
Well, it seems that the logic is a bit unclear, but that's it. When I saw foreign media reports about Hong Kong's anti -repair routine storm, sometimes I mentioned a mouthful of June 4th, and all this can be used by books or people around me. It has never been mentioned, so with his strong curiosity, he began to understand something about June 4th.
Now ... I feel that everyone knows the existence of this matter: My grandfather mentioned that Tiananmen was flowing into the river at that time (although I said that because I believed in the documentary "Tiananmen", I had such exaggerated performance. I suspect); my dad and friends who usually drink tea and chat together firmly believe that all this is the ghost of overseas forces; my classmates think that this is a patriotic movement (?) Good handling.
As for me, with the occurrence of a series of events (such as the new crown prevention and control, AO3 being blocked, Xuzhou's "eight -child mother", the summer festival is resisted, white paper movement ...) How do you know how to say, I don’t know how to do. Look at my motherland. On the one hand, I enjoy the achievements brought about by China's high -speed development, and I am proud of it. On the other hand, I saw the Chinese authorities ’s suppression or persecution of different sounds -even if it is only a very gentle, it is just a person's art of art. Creation ... Obviously there were not so many things that Xi Jinping had before the stage (although there were bad things at other times, most of me did not impress it). At that time It is as smoke like now, but now ... can only say that it is tears when you say too much.
Now ... days are still living as usual, or go to school, eat, and sleep. I don't watch Douyin, but I will look at what I am interested in in Bilibili. However, thanks to the efforts made by June 4th -after all, I was ignorant at that time, I do n’t know many things outside the wall, and even the wall turning tools had to try it several times. Finally, I was stable in a stable one. Under the tool, I have developed the habit of using software that cannot be used in China such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, etc., depending on this, and knowing many people, contacting many new knowledge and perspectives. Everything you have.
After all, I don't want to forget everything I have experienced.
==========
For me personally, from the understanding of June 4th to understanding to being familiar with it to personal experience is a relatively long process. It is divided into three stages.
In 2013, when I was ten years old, I went to Taiwan with my mother. Because I was traveling with a group, a group of tourists from mainland China went together. There were many Falun Gong practitioners outside the gate of the attractions or other people placed exhibition boards and banners on the street. Promote to mainland tourists. At that time, I was a primary school student. I only remember that I was waiting for my mother to go to the bathroom. A wife came to tell me, "You have to withdraw from the young pioneer, retire from the team to keep the team safely, and then refer to the exhibition board in her hand. There are many very bloody pictures on it (only when I grew up, I knew it was some photos of June 4th. It was really bloody that it made me remember today), and I told me that it was terrible not to retreat. After the mother came out of the bathroom, she immediately drove away my wife and pulled me away. The group of people were talking about it. It probably mean that they deliberately slandered the mainland and let you ignore these Falun Gong (the pronouns of cults in China). After that, you will travel abroad every year, which is commonplace.
Slowly, after going abroad to travel abroad, we realized that a firewall wasolated us from the world. In the third grade, I do n’t know which classmates found that the public computers in the school used Bingbuki browsers to go to Wikipedia. Out of curiosity, they searched various entries on Wikipedia, just coincide with learning history, and conduct some information search for some information search. When I found a lot of information that was completely different from the textbook, we began to realize that our history was clue. As the number of travels abroad increases, what is VPN gradually explored. After going to high school, I installed VPN on my mobile phone and started my career over the wall.
Starting from high school in 2018, I gradually obsessed with the study of historical and political disciplines, and I also love learning modern Chinese history. From the original Wikipedia browse, I gradually downloaded Twitter, followed all kinds of political columns, and heard foreign information. After reading many Hong Kong and Taiwan books, we knew that we had been separated by a sad barrier. The history of June 4 in China was finally revealed by me.
I learned in the chat with my family since then that my father was a pro -calendar at that time. In 1989, he was attending the university in Beijing. He was in the square in the middle of the night. transportation. In school, many students of the same age are curious about this hidden history. It is probably not because the June 4th is much miserable, but the official sensitivity to this matter has aroused their curiosity. It seems that our father has more or less personally involved or indirectly participated in the June 4th (mostly from the late 1960s to the early 1970s to grow up in Beijing). After hearing the brothers, this incident became even more flesh and blood. Grandpa and grandma told the tightness and anxiety in various hospitals after the Qing Dynasty inquired about the news of my father. When my father told the crowd's siege of the soldiers, the scene was tragic, and these scenes had a deep mark on my heart.
Soon after, the epidemic came and various events in the society were frequent. At that time, through Twitter, I could understand various types of Chinese current affairs. Out of their indignation of June 4th and a series of tragedy in today's society, I was sad and angry, and tormented. Extremely. I hate the series of practices for the young people at the time. At the beginning of the epidemic, the darkness of society seemed to combine two things together.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/duzheguangchang/dz-05302023170923.html 
Han and Australia agrees to strengthen defense cooperation 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T17:43
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T17:46
Description: South Korea and Australia agreed to strengthen defense cooperation and hold working -level meetings. Reuters reported that South Korean Defense Minister Lee Jong -soo, the first South Korea -Pacific Island Summit on Tuesday (May 30), met with Australian Defense Minister Mars. Li Zhongzheng said, Han ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '澳大利亚', '军事']
South Korea and Australia agreed to strengthen defense cooperation and hold working -level meetings.
Reuters reported that South Korean Defense Minister Lee Jong -soo, the first South Korea -Pacific Island Summit on Tuesday (May 30), met with Australian Defense Minister Mars.
Li Zhongzheng said that the South Korean military is willing to join the "Indo-PacificEndeavour" and the Australian National Defense Forces in the Pacific Morizer "Operation Render Safe."
South Korea and Australia agreed to hold a working -level meeting to revise the memorandum of understanding signed by the Defense Industry Cooperation in 2011.
During the summit, Mars also met South Korean President Yin Xiyue, and the two discussed their joint efforts to expand cooperation with Pacific Island countries.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399696 
Denmark plans to invest US $ 21 billion in the next 10 years for national defense construction 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T18:01
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T18:01
Description: The Danish government proposal has invested 143 billion Dan Ying Crown (about S $ 27.8 billion) for national defense in the next 10 years to achieve NATO's target. Reuters reported that Denmark Agency Secretary of Defense Pierson said at a press conference on Tuesday (May 30): "We ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['丹麦', '北约', '乌克兰战争']
The Danish government proposal has invested 143 billion Dan Ying Crown (about S $ 27.8 billion) for national defense in the next 10 years to achieve NATO's target.
Reuters reported that Denmark's acting Minister of Defense Prossen said at a press conference on Tuesday (May 30): "We must be able to meet the requirements and expectations of Denmark for NATO and allies to Denmark. Our armed forces need need Make a lot of investment to reduce the responsibility we should bear. "
Denmark's defense expenditure will increase from 6.9 billion kronor (about S $ 1.3 billion) in 2024 to 19.2 billion kronor in 2033 (approximately S $ 3.73 billion).
As a founding member of the NATO Alliance, Denmark has reduced its military capabilities to launch land in Europe after the Cold War. However, in order to deal with Russia and Ukraine War Denmark promised to permanently increase the national defense and safety expenditure to 2%of the GDP by the end of 2020; this is a key goal of NATO member states.
Most of the Denmark Government said that the proposal will determine the overall framework of national defense expenses, and during this period, it will continuously agreed that actual military procurement matters will be continuously agreed.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399699 
Investors are concerned about increasing the upper limit of US debt to vote for different Asian stocks 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T18:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T11:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 30th) The Asian stock market has different trends today. Investors pay close attention to the progress of the United States to raise the upper limit of debt, and the transactions are careful. The U.S. Congress is expected to vote on the US debt limit agreement this week to avoid debt defaults that can cause pain consequences.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 After several days of negotiations, U.S. President Biden and Federal House Speaker Kevin McCarthy finally reached an agreement last weekend, which will increase the upper limit of the US debt to January 2025. The agreement will be sent to Congress to vote.
The news made the market relieved, but now the two leaders must persuade the two parties to hesitate to support the agreement. It is expected that the House of Representatives will vote tomorrow and then the Senate.
The Wall Street stock market was closed at the Memorial Day of the United States. It did not have an impact. The Asian stock market rose and decline today.
After the epidemic was unlocked, the strength of China's economic recovery has exacerbated their concerns about the Chinese economy, which has driven the Hong Kong and Shanghai stock markets in the near future. Go.
But Sydney, Wellington, Taipei, Nanola, Bangkok and Jakarta weakened.
Tapasstrickland, an economist of National Australia Bank, said: "Voting about the upper limit of US debt is expected to start on the 31st, and it seems to have enough support."
However, analysts pointed out that although the problem of debt limit problems will cause the market to have less worries, concerns about liquidity may suppress market sentiment.
They said that the U.S. Treasury's Treasury coupon will need to sell more than $ 1 trillion to supplement its funds, which means that a large number of sales will absorb the cash of the banking industry and bring new pressure on the economy. (Translator: Lin Yifeng/Calculating Draft: Lin Zhiping)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230530-%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E4%BA%BA%E5%85%B3%E6%B3%A8%E6%8F%90%E9%AB%98%E7%BE%8E%E5%80%BA%E4%B8%8A%E9%99%90%E8%A1%A8%E5%86%B3-%E4%BA%9A%E8%82%A1%E8%B5%B0%E5%8A%BF%E5%88%86%E6%AD%A7 
Malaysian Anti -Corruption Association: Many people have seen Liu Tezuo in Macau 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T18:35
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T18:35
Description: The Malaysian Anti -Corruption Commission believes that Liu Tezuo, a wanted criminal of Malaysia Development Co., Ltd. (one Malaysia Company, 1MDB) case, is currently hiding in Macau. The Anti -Corruption Commission (Anti -Corruption Council) responded to the Peninsula TV station in writing: "Many people have been ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['刘特佐', '一马公司', '澳门']
The Malaysian Anti -Corruption Commission believes that Liu Tezuo, a wanted criminal of Malaysia Development Co., Ltd. (one Malaysia Company, 1MDB) case, is currently hiding in Macau.
The Anti -Corruption Commission (Anti -Corruption Association) pointed out in a written response to the Peninsula TV station: "Many people have confirmed that they have seen Liu Tezuo in Macau." To.
According to reports, the Anti -Corruption Council pointed out that Guo Guotian confirmed that he had met Liu Tezuo in Macau, as well as Liu Tezuo's relative Chen Jinlong and Tang Jingzhi, Ni Chongxing, an executive director of Yima Company, and Nie Fugisha, a former total investment of Yima Company. Fatter of Names Malaysia Company. Liu Tezuo also instructed Ji Guotian not to return to Malaysia to serve as a witness to the Malaysian company.
After Ji Guotian flew from Macau to Kuala Lumpur International Airport on May 3, he was arrested by the anti -corruption officials. Malaysian police sources pointed out that Ji Guotian was repatriated for staying in Macau. The Anti -Corruption will release him after admission to Ji Guotian, and the authorities will not be charged for the time being.
The Anti -Corruption Association pointed out that before the repatriation of Ji Guotian, Macau did not notify the Malaysian government. But anti -corruption will know that this person will return to Macau from Macau through intelligence networks. A anti -corruption official revealed: "The authorities will focus on investigating Ji Guotian's assets in Singapore. The current investigation report has been completed and submitted to the General Procuratorate. The General Procuratorate decides whether to take action."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399714 
The arrest warrant is in Russia: Putin will participate in the South African summit appropriately 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T19:20
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T19:26
Description: In response to whether the Russian President Putin will attend the BRICS Group Summit in South Africa, the Kremlin said Russia will participate in a proper degree. Reuters reports that South Africa, as a member of the International Criminal Court (ICC), will be theoretically requested to be arrested according to the court, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '南非', '普京', '国际刑事法院', '战争罪']
Whether the Russian President Putin will attend [BRICS Five Kingdoms] in South Africa(https://www.zaobao.com/keywords/jin-zhuan-guo-jia)The Group Summit, the Kremlin, said Russia will participate in a proper degree.
Reuters reports that South Africa, as an international criminal court(ICC)Members, theoretically, will be asked to arrest Putin in accordance with the court's arrest warrant and arrest Putin for suspected war. However, South Africa has invited Putin to participate in the BRICS Summit (BRICS) Summit of the BRICS Group (Bright) from August 22 to 24. member states include Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa.
The Kremlin spokesman Peskov said at a press conference on Tuesday (May 30): "Russia attaches great importance to this integrated form. Russia will participate in the summit at an appropriate degree." When the arrest order possibility, Peskov said, "Of course, in such an important form, we must at least expect that the partner country will not be guided by such illegal decisions."
Peskov said further details about this issue will be announced in the future.
In the International Criminal Court in March 2023 arrest warrant for Putin He accused him offending the crime of forcibly expeling children from the Ukrainian territory occupied by Russia. Moscow denied the crime of war that forced to expel children, and said that the International Criminal Court had no power to arrest because Russia was not a member state.
Putin is the third president of the arrest warrant issued by the International Criminal Court. It is unlikely to go to court in the short term, but the arrest order means that if he goes to any member of the International Criminal Court, he may be arrested and sent to it Hague.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399732 
The Minister of Kedah refers to Penang to Kedah Anwar: Please refer to the Constitution 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T19:33
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T19:39
Description: Malaysian Prime Minister Anhua believes that the Minister of Kedah State Sanuzi once again provoked Penang's sovereignty, which is purely a political drama. He suggested that Sanuxi first refer to the Federal Constitution before speaking. Monday (May 29) attended the two states inland and marine boundaries signed by Kedah and Glass City ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['安华', '吉打', '槟城', '马来西亚']
Malaysian Prime Minister Anhua believes that the Minister of Kedah State Sanuzi once again provoked Penang's sovereignty, which is purely a political drama. He suggested that Sanuxi first refer to the Federal Constitution before speaking.
On Monday (May 29), Sanuxi (May 29th) attended the two states inland and marine boundaries signed by Kedah and Glass City, and told the media that Penang belonged to Kedah, so there was no boundary between the two states. In February of this year, Sanucy also claimed that "Penang is Kedah."
Anwar said at a press conference on Tuesday (30th): "(Sanuxi) conversation is obviously only political drama. But as a state minister, I think he should be subject to legal constraints."
Regarding the status of Penang and Kedah, Anhua said: "What I can say is that the chief prosecutor has expressed a firm position on this matter, that is, all parties must respect the federal constitution that governors such as Kedah Sultan agrees." The National Constitution clearly stipulates that Penang is one of the 13 states of the federal.
In addition to advocating that Penang is Kedah, Shanunci has also repeatedly stated that it will increase the cost of raw the Geng Mu Mu Da River to raw water. In October 2021, he also asked the federal government to lease RM 10 million (about S $ 2.94 million) for RM10 million (about S $ 2.94 million) to Royaltyfee each year to increase to RM100 million per year. These topics are gone.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399734 
On Tuesday, the U.S. market went to the market to look at the "female stock god" Casewood talked about Nvidia 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T19:40
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T19:40
Description: ● U.S. President Biden and the House Speaker McCarthy Sunday (May 28) finalized the final agreement, temporarily canceled the upper limit of debt for two years, and supported the major stock index futures of Wall Street stock indexes on Tuesday (May 30). Many technology stocks, especially those businesses are linked to artificial intelligence ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国股市', '美市', '财经即时']
Tuesday (May 30) Key: 
● U.S. President Biden and the House of Representatives McCarthy McCarthy Sunday (May 28) Forming the final agreement Temporarily cancel the debt limit for two years, and support the rise of the stock index futures of Wall Street stock markets on Tuesday (May 30). Many technology stocks, especially those companies that are linked to artificial intelligence, have once again led the stock market to rise.
● At 7:00, the standard and the Pur 500 Index futures rose 21.00 or 0.50 % to 4226.50 points; the Nasdaq 100 index futures rose 146.20 points or 1.02 % to 14444.60 points; At 33137.50 points.
● The US stock market also closed sharply last Friday. Among them, chip stocks rose sharply the next day due to artificial intelligence prospects. The standard and the Poole 500 index rose 54.17 points last Friday, and the closed market was 4205.45 points. The heavyweight Dow Jones Index also started at 328.69 points, and closed the market 33093.34 points. The Nasdaq 100 Index, which is mainly technology stocks, significantly increased by 2.58 % or 359.88 points, and closed at 14298.41 points.
● The trading of the US stock market last Friday was quiet. The total transaction volume of the exchange was 9.8 billion, which was less than the average transaction volume of 10.5 billion shares in the past 20 days.
Before the trading focus: 
● Technology stocks generally go up before the market. Especially artificial intelligence companies such as: C3.AI and PalantiRTECHNOLOGIES, their stock prices rose more than 6 % and 5 %, respectively. Cloud Technology company Nutanix's stock price also set up nearly 3 %.
● According to the witnesses of Reuters, Tesla CEO Musk's private plane has arrived in Beijing, China today Essence Musk is expected to meet with senior Chinese officials and visit Tesla's Shanghai plant. This is his first visit to China for three years. Tesla's stock price rose 5.93 US dollars tonight, $ 199.10.
Tesla CEO Musk's private jet appeared at Beijing International Airport on May 30. (Reuters)
● IOVANCEBIOTHERAPEUTICs' advanced skin cancer treatment drug LifileUcel's license application was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration, which led the company's stock price to rose more than 13 % before the market, $ 8.59.
● Below on Tuesday, let's take a look at why Cathie Wood, the US "Valkyrie", is the existing price of Nvidia stocks not much confidence Essence Before the market, the stock was US $ 12.97, and the deadline was $ 402.43.
● Active stocks before the market are in order: Tesla, Nvidia, Palantir Technologies, Advanced Micro Devices, and C3.AIINC. At the time of the draft, the stock price of these five active stocks rose.
Nvidia predicts that because the market's interest in artificial intelligence development is becoming increasingly strong, the demand of the group's products will continue to be strong, and the turnover will also perform well. (Reuters)
Nvidia Corporation **
(Nasdaq Stock Exchange code: NVDA) 
American "female stock god" Casewood said at her series of tweets overnight that the price of Ying Weida, the recent stock market, was too high. And she has no great confidence in Nvidia's annual sales of 25 times this year. On the contrary, she will be more confident in benefiting other operators from the upcoming artificial intelligence boom.
According to Casewood's tweets, what surprised her most was that because investors' current sought -after artificial intelligence, it actually made Nvidia's stock price soaring at a price of 25 times the current fiscal annual sales. In contrast, the index stock of the PhiladelphiaSemiconductorindex is the stock stock of Nvidia's chip peers. The same ratio is only 12 times.
The American "female stock god" Casewood tweeted that the price of the recent stock market's darlings is too expensive. (File photo)
Compared with the company's actual cash capacity, Nvidia is also the most expensive company in peers. Its cash flow has more than 140 times, which is more than twice that: ultra -micro and Monolithic PowerSystems. Compared with the company's asset value, Nvidia's stock price is nearly 40 times, while peers such as ASML Holding and KLA Corp are less than 30 times.
Nvidia's stock price has soared by 25.96 % over the past five trading days. In addition to the previous increase, Nvidia's stock price has soared by more than 172 % since the beginning of the year. Not only that, Nvidia's stock price broke through 404 US dollars per share before the market, and the market value exceeded the $ 1 trillion mark.
This rise is mainly driven by Nvidia's strong first quarter performance. Nvidia also linked this strong performance to artificial intelligence business. After the market last Wednesday (May 24), the chip manufacturer also predicted that because the market's interest in artificial intelligence development is becoming increasingly stronger, the product demand for the group will continue to be strong, and the turnover will perform well.
Casewood's Ark Investment Fund has sold about 79,000 Nvidia stocks in February this year, and sold another 65,000 shares last week. According to the official website of the Ark Investment Fund, as of May 26, Casewood's fund still holds Nvidia's 320,562 shares. However, Casewood's flagship Ark Investment Fund is indeed missing most of the rally this year.
Although Casewood has reserved Nvidia's stock, 36 analysts in Tipranks seem to be quite optimistic about this stock. Among them, 32 of them gave "buy" rating to Nvidia shares, and four were given "defensive" rating. The average target price of one -year period was $ 434.76.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399736 
Russian Defense Director: The West is stepping up to provide military reserve to Wu 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T21:04
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T21:09
Description: Russian Defense Minister Shoygu said that Ukraine will launch a "large -scale" offensive. Western countries are stepping up to provide equipment and weapons to Kiev, and say that Moscow will hit any discovered supply route. Reuters reports that Haguku Tuesday (May 30) said in a TV speech, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '俄乌战争', '袭击']
Russian Defense Minister Shoygu said that Ukraine will launch a "large -scale" offensive. Western countries are stepping up to provide equipment and weapons to Kiev, and say that Moscow will hit any discovered supply route.
Reuters reports that Haguku Tuesday (May 30) said in a TV speech that Russia is "effective firepower" to the enemy, and Western weapons will not change Moscow's "special military operation" in Ukraine.
Ukraine delivered a speech in Shayg not long ago to launch the largest drone attack on Russia; the Russian Ministry of Defense said that the Russian air defense system destroy all eight drones Essence "This morning, a terrorist attack in the Moscow region in Moscow said. I want to point out that this time it is the goal of civilians."
A President of Ukraine denied that Kiev directly participated in the attack on Moscow on Tuesday, but said that Ukraine was paying attention to the incident and predicted that more incidents would happen.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399751 
Sonc will visit the United States next week to discuss economic relations and U -military aid 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T21:42
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T21:56
Description: British Prime Minister Sonak will hold talks with US President Biden next week to discuss promoting economic relations and how to maintain military support for Ukraine in conflict with Russia. Reuters reported that Sunak's spokesman said on Tuesday (May 30) and said that Suner ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国', '美国', '苏纳克', '拜登']
British Prime Minister Sonak will hold talks with US President Biden next week to discuss promoting economic relations and how to maintain [military support for Ukraine] in conflict with Russia](https://www.zaobao.com/realtime/world/story20230517-1395601)Essence
Reuters reported that Sunak's spokesman said on Tuesday (May 30) that Sunak would visit Washington from June 7th to 8th to meet with Biden, parliament members and American business leaders.
The spokesman said: "In terms of determining our future economic challenges, the Prime Minister (Sunak) and President Biden have discussed the level of cooperation and coordination of Britain and the United States in recent months. This visit will be based on it. Opportunities on the basis of one. "The spokesman also said that the two leaders would have the opportunity to discuss topics such as maintaining support for Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399763 
Russia fry Kiev, Moscow was attacked by drones 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T22:03:06+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 15:31:18Z
Description: Russia said that Moscow was suddenly attacked by drones on Tuesday (May 30), which caused the Russian capital to be the most serious attack on the World War II in the Russian Congress. At the same time, the Russian army launched the third wave of air strikes against Kiev in 24 hours.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/ukraine-war-comes-to-moscow-as-both-capitals-hit-by-drones-053023/7115244.html 
China's launch of the Shenzhou Sixteen Ranking Men's spaceships in the United States and China Space competition has further intensified 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T22:07:46+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 14:07:46Z
Description: China Long March 2 F Yaoxiu Load Rockets launched on Tuesday (May 30) in the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in the Gansu Desert in the northwest to send the three astronauts on the Shenzhou 16 manned spacecraft into the Chinese space station. China has formulated an ambitious space plan, with the goal of achieving the first landing of Chinese astronauts in the moon by 2030.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-launches-new-crew-for-space-station-with-eye-to-putting-astronauts-on-moon-before-2030-20230530/7115090.html 
Musk arrived in Beijing to meet Qin Gang, and reportedly reported that he opposed the "decaptering chain" of the United States and China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T22:45:17+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 14:46:34Z
Description: Elon Musk, chief executive of electric vehicle giant Tesla, arrived in Beijing on Tuesday and met with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang after he arrived in Beijing on Tuesday. According to the Chinese official media Xinhua News Agency, Musk said in the meeting that the interests of the United States and China were inseparable. Tesla opposes the "off -hook chain" of the two countries and is willing to continue to expand its business in China and share China's development opportunities.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/reuters-witness-elon-musk-s-private-jet-has-landed-in-beijing-20230530/7115095.html 
The European Parliament will question Hungary as the European Union Chairman 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T23:30
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T23:30
Description: A draft parliamentary resolution shows that the European Parliament questioned Hungary's ability to serve as the EU's rotating chairman in 2024. Reuters reports that the draft resolution that will be passed on Thursday (June 1) says: "Hungary does not comply with EU laws and Article 2 of the EU Treaty ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['匈牙利', '欧盟']
A draft parliamentary resolution shows that the European Parliament questioned Hungary's ability to serve as the EU's rotating chairman in 2024.
Reuters reports that the draft resolution that will pass on Thursday (June 1) says: "Hungary does not comply with the values stipulated in Article 2 of the EU law and the principles of sincere cooperation stipulated in Article 2 of the EU Treaty. Complete this task reliably in 2024. "
State as the EU Chairman must be responsible for and host the European Union's Minister of Government and preparatory agencies, and represented the EU government in the relationship with other EU institutions and international organizations. The EU Chairman is responsible for promoting the EU legislation and serving as an middleman in honesty and neutral; the European Parliament believes that it cannot meet this condition due to many conflicts between Hungary and the European Union.
According to the rotating table agreed by the EU governments in 2016, Hungary will serve as the EU Chairman from July to December 2024. Although this rotation table has previously made moves due to the addition of the new country, it has never changed the rotation table due to the rule of law of a country.
Hungary has long been different from the EU on multiple issues, such as the rule of law, corruption, lack of judicial independence; infringement of academic freedom, homosexuality, bisexual, transgender, and LGBTQ. Out of concerns, the European Union frozen the billions of euros of Hungary. The Hungarian government has been negotiating with the European Union for many years, but it has little progress.
Whether or not the EU Chairman's rotation table, postponing or canceling the qualifications of the Chairman of Hungary depends on the decisions of other EU governments.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230530-1399793 
Xi Jinping said that "the people's happiness is the greatest human rights" reflects Tibet's real situation or political lies? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (林柏宏)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T23:46:50+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 15:53:24Z
Description: China Tibet Development Forum was held in Beijing last week. Chinese President Xi Jinping rarely commented on Tibet through letters. Observer analyzed that Xi Jinping's move was to respond to the concern of the Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) to Tibet's human rights, but the Tibetans did not benefit from economic development. The local institutional corruption has not been eliminated. The stability of the Chinese Communist Party of Tibet is tightening.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['新疆西藏问题', '人权', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/chinas-xi-calls-for-new-socialist-tibet/7115162.html 
Senior U.S. and European officials meet in Sweden, and response to China challenges are still key issues 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-30T23:47:25+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 15:47:25Z
Description: Senior U.S. and EU officials have held two -day conferences in Sweden since Tuesday (May 30) to discuss how the two parties coordinate the challenges of China, how to cooperate in artificial intelligence and other new technologies, and how to solve them. Bilateral trade disputes and other issues.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['全球议题', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/eu-us-to-weigh-china-ai-trade-strains-at-high-level-sweden-talks-053023/7115416.html 
Expert warning: Artificial intelligence may threaten human survival 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T5:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:20:08+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 30th) A group of industry executives and experts warned today that global leaders should be committed to reducing the risk of "human extinction" brought by artificial intelligence (AI) technology.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 AFP reported that dozens of experts, including Samaltman, seized a brief statement. According to the statement, the risk of human extinction brought by AI should be "global priority affairs that should be at the same level as the epidemic and nuclear war." Atanai's company OpenAI developed the ChatGPT chat robot. ChatGPT can write articles, poetry and dialogue based on brief instructions, so it is popular at the end of last year. The huge success of this program also attracted billions of dollars in the AI field, but critics and industry insiders have warned.
Common concerns, including chat robots, may cause fake news to fill the Internet, prejudice algorithm may produce racist content, and AI -driven automation may also destroy the entire industry. This latest statement announced on the non -profit organization "Center for AI Safety (CAIS" webpage did not specify the potential survival threat that AI brought by.
CAIS said that the "simple statement" aims to start discussions on AI technology risks.
Several signs of the statement include Geoffrey Hinton, known as "artificial intelligence Godfather", and have also raised similar warnings in the past. Essence
Their greatest concern is the rise of the so -called "Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), which is an artificial wisdom with human cognitive ability.
They are afraid that humans will lose their control of these super -intelligent machines. Experts have warned that this may cause catastrophic consequences to species and earth.
The compliance of the statement also includes experts from Google and Microsoft, a leading company in AI.
As early as 2 months ago, Elon Musk, billionaire, and hundreds of other experts, also published an open letter calling for the temporary AI research and development work before determining the security.
However, Musk's commitments have been widely criticized. Some people think that the warning of society and civilization in the letter is too exaggerated.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E4%B8%93%E5%AE%B6%E8%AD%A6%E5%91%8A-%E4%BA%BA%E5%B7%A5%E6%99%BA%E6%85%A7%E5%8F%AF%E8%83%BD%E5%A8%81%E8%83%81%E4%BA%BA%E7%B1%BB%E5%AD%98%E4%BA%A1 
World Gold Association: Geopolitics is concerned about exacerbating the central bank to increase its holdings of gold reserves (Free Version) 
Author: Yusuf Khan
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-05-30T6:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T09:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-05-30T08:42:00.000Z
Description: Under the stimulus of geopolitical concerns, interest rate concerns, and rising inflation pressure, nearly a quarter of the interviewed central bank intends to increase gold reserves this year.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Under the stimulus of geopolitical concerns, interest rate concerns, and rising inflation pressure, nearly a quarter of the interviewed central bank intends to increase gold reserves this year.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C%E9%BB%84%E9%87%91%E5%8D%8F%E4%BC%9A-%E5%9C%B0%E7%BC%98%E6%94%BF%E6%B2%BB%E6%8B%85%E5%BF%A7%E5%8A%A0%E5%89%A7%E4%BF%83%E4%BD%BF%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E5%A2%9E%E6%8C%81%E9%BB%84%E9%87%91%E5%82%A8%E5%A4%87-8638c9b3 
The Russian army continued to attack Kiev Wu officials day and night, saying that the enemy changed the tactics 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-05-30T7:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30T14:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Kiev, 30th) After Kiev, the Ukraine capital was attacked by the night, the Russian military rarely launched multiple missiles in Kiev during the day yesterday, and residents refuated. In the evening, the Russian army dispatched 31 drones to attack Kiev, which was shot down 29. Ukrainian officials claim that the enemy has changed tactics.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 At about 11:10 in the morning yesterday, a few minutes after the air strike alert sounded, a French Mayor reporter heard at least 10 explosions at Kiev. The authorities later stated that Ukraine's air defense system shot down all missiles in Russia to Kiev, and one was injured and hospitalized.
Valeryzaluzhny, chief of the Ukrainian armed forces, said "a total of 11 ISkander-M (Iskander-M) and Iskand-K missiles were launched from the north."
Sergiypopko, the head of the Military and Political Organ in Kiev, said that the attack "showed the enemy to change the tactics and only launching only night attacks for a long time, the enemy attacked a peaceful city while most residents' work and during the day."
Ukraine President Volodymyrzlenskyy uploaded a video, and a child in the picture ran to the shelter in the explosion. He said: "Ukrainian children, each air strike alert rang (all of which). This is a scene of a normal working day."
Ukraine's first lady Oleenazlenska reposted this film: "The morning after the flames did not sleep, and they felt anxious again. Is such that."
Today, the Ukrainian authorities also stated that the Russian army attacked Kiev for the third time within 24 hours, and the Ukraine shot down 29 of the 31 drones, mainly from Kiev and Kiev.
The Ukrainian military stated in the community media that "from 11:30 in the evening to 4:30 am, the Russian occupied troops attacked Ukraine." 29 of them were shot down, and the position was "almost near the capital and Kiev Airspace."
The price of the Iranian witness drone is about one -third of a missile. Russia purchased hundreds of costs, becoming a cost -effective approach to crack down on Kiev. In the past year, Kiev has not been affected by the Russian army.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230530-%E4%BF%84%E5%86%9B%E6%98%BC%E5%A4%9C%E4%B8%8D%E5%81%9C%E7%A9%BA%E8%A2%AD%E5%9F%BA%E8%BE%85-%E4%B9%8C%E5%AE%98%E5%91%98%E7%A7%B0%E6%95%8C%E4%BA%BA%E6%94%B9%E5%8F%98%E6%88%98%E6%9C%AF 
US sanctions participating in the sales of 13 Chinese entities and individuals in the sales of illegal drug production equipment 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (莉雅)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-31T00:36:01+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 16:36:26Z
Description: The US Treasury Department announced on May 30 that 17 individuals and entities participating in the internationally selling illegal drugs in the world include seven entities and six individuals in China, one Mexican entity and three individuals. US Secretary of State Brillings issued a statement saying that this is part of the government's all -government action by the Bayeon government to save life by destroying the global illegal Finiti supply chain. He also said that these actions are aimed at individuals and entities engaged in illegal activities, not specific countries.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '美中关系', '阿片危机']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-china-fentanyl-sanctions-20230530/7115497.html 
Gao Fu, director of the former Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, acknowledged that the new crown virus cannot be ruled out from the laboratory 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-31T01:02:47+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 17:02:47Z
Description: Three years after the emergence of the new crown virus epidemic from Wuhan in China, the origin of the virus is still a mystery. Gao Fu, a world -renowned virusist and immunologist, and former director of the China Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said in an interview with BBC that the new crown virus leaked from the laboratory is possible.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['新冠疫情', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/covid-might-have-come-from-a-lab-leak-says-china-s-former-top-scientist-20230530/7115171.html 
Nvidia CEO Huang Renxun: Can't underestimate China's ability to catch up in the chip industry 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-31T01:35:23+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 17:35:23Z
Description: Huang Renxun, the founder and CEO of the well -known American chip company Nvidia (Nvidia) (NVIDIA), said on Tuesday (May 30) that in the face of the increasingly tension of US -China relations, China will definitely respond to develop its own chip. Industry, and the chip industry, if you want to maintain strong competitiveness, must continue to work hard.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易', '科技', '台湾']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/nvidia-ceo-says-don-t-underrate-china-s-ability-to-catch-up-in-chips-20230530/7115604.html 
The United States will provide Ukraine with another $ 300 million new army to help 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (巴布)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-31T03:28:08+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 19:28:08Z
Description: Defense officials said to VOA that the United States will provide another $ 300 million new military aid to Ukraine. It is expected that these aid plans will include ammunition used by the Ukraine's Patriot missile defense system.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-providing-300-million-in-more-aid-for-ukraine-20230530/7115806.html 
American councilors consider the debt limit agreement 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (布雷德迈尔)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-31T03:46:39+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 19:46:39Z
Description: Members of the American House of Representatives began to consider the bill on Tuesday, and stopped the government's $ 3.1.4 trillion debt limit by the beginning of 2025, so that he could continue to pay the country's bills with more money.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/lawmakers-consider-debt-ceiling-deal-20230530/7115822.html 
The Video of the United States and Indo -Pacific Command announced: Chinese fighter jets intercept US military aircraft over the South China Sea in the South China Sea 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-31T05:01:03+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 22:06:48Z
Description: The U.S. Indo -Pacific Command issued a statement on Tuesday (May 30) saying that a Chinese fighter jet intercepting an American reconnaissance aircraft in the South China Sea on Friday (May 26) in the South China Sea.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '亚太', '中国', '军事', '南中国海争端', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/usindopacom-statement-on-unprofessional-intercept-of-u-s-aircraft-over-south-china-sea-20230530/7115939.html 
Carter Center: Former first lady Rosalin Carter suffered from dementia 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-05-31T05:43:27+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-30 21:43:27Z
Description: The family of the former American first lady Rosalin Carter announced that she had dementia and was currently staying at home.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '健康']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/former-first-lady-rosalynn-carter-has-dementia-the-carter-center-says-20230530/7115920.html 
