世界新闻
World News
2023-07-05
 
English 
" 8 o'clock Jianwen & quot; It is reported that it was reported to be selected as China Applied News Communication 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T04:24:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:30:24-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On July 3rd, the WeChat public account of "Eight Points" was blocked. "Eight Points Jianwen" WeChat public account screen screenshot [Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/meiti/gt1-07042023040940.html/@@stream(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/gt1-07042023040940.html/@@stream)The Chinese authorities have continued to upgrade the information control of the Internet. The think tank -type media that focuses on reporting the medical industry "Eight Points" is reportedly blocked recently. The message below the title only shows "Violation of the" Regulations on the Management of "Internet User's Public Account Information Service", and the training reporter's WeChat public account "Media" Media "Media" Media Special training camps were also blocked at the same time.
Wu Xiaobo, a well -known financial writer in China, was banned by Weibo again China Internet Information Office interviewed more than 4,000 websites on Baidu and Sina was closed According to Chinese independent writers, the time critic Wei Ziyou ("homophonic" of "freedom") posted on the WeChat public account "Egg BOT": On July 3, the "8 o'clock Jianwen" WeChat public account multiple matrix number was blocked. The reason was In order to "connect related complaints and violate the" Regulations on the Management of Internet User's Public Account Information Service "." On the same day, a person insider told the author that the scope of the "eight o'clock Jianwen" involved the platform of the entire network. For the reason for the title, it is unaware of it, "we are also waiting for the result."
A public welfare person in Zhengzhou, Mr. Zhang, who did not want to disclose his name, told this station on Tuesday (4th) that "eight o'clock Jianwen" focused on the medical field. Because of high attention to medical information such as epidemic prevention and control, he may offend the interest group. He said: "Especially after the epidemic, ordinary people pay more and more attention to medical care, and ordinary people are very nervous about this. It has reported that the medical security design to the future retirement is very nervous. Now I start to be nervous. "
Some public opinion believes that the media is blocked with a series of reports or analysis articles that reports the new crown epidemic and concerned about medical insurance reform. But as of now, this station has not yet independently verified the news.
According to reports, "eight o'clock Jianwen" is a think tank -type media focusing on the medical and health industry, providing users with high -quality industrial news and policy reports. During the new crown epidemic, "Eight Point Jianwen" published a series of popular science articles.
Figure left: On July 3, the WeChat public account of "Eight Points" was blocked. The second to the right: The netizen was puzzled by the netizen's "eight o'clock Jianwen" account. (Web screenshot/ancient pavilion provided) "Eight Points Jianwen" pays attention to the people in the medical field to inspire people 
Mr. Zou, a netizen of Wuhan, who has been paying attention to the content of "Eight Points of Jianwen" for a long time, told the station that the news and analysis of the media published by the media attracted the attention of the public, especially the interpretation of the Chinese medical industry and medical insurance policy to inspire people. Not long ago, the "white hair movement" that happened in Wuhan. Residents protested unreasonable medical insurance policies and eventually ended with victory. The authorities had to make a compromise to some extent.
He said: "Now the threshold fee for medical insurance has been canceled. It turned out that the threshold fee of 700 yuan and 500 yuan was canceled, and the proportion of reimbursement for medical treatment increased by 4%, 5%, and 6%, respectively. However Some who retired by state -owned enterprises were more than 60 yuan, and now they are 83 yuan; the medical insurance paid by themselves is delivered to the flexible employment window, retirees give more than 60 yuan, and the original uniformly grant 260.93 yuan. "
The company's inspection system "Sky Eye Inspection" shows that the parent company of "8 o'clock Jianwen" is "Shanghai Jianwen Information Consulting Co., Ltd.". The company was established in 2018 with a registered capital of 3.125 million yuan.
Since 2020, "eight o'clock" has been praised in the field of medical reports. According to the data, "Eight Point Jianwen" was founded by former senior media people in the field of medical reports. Since the WeChat public account is launched on January 8, 2019, it has covered WeChat, Weibo, Today's Headline, Tencent News, Baidu Baijia, etc. Many mainstream platforms. Some media people call it "the most powerful medical media in the Chinese world".
Top ten innovation cases for application news communication 
In October 2022, "Eight Point Jianwen" was selected as "Top Ten Innovative Cases of China Application News Communication". The reporter found that with the "Zhejiang Propaganda" public account, the Central Video Channel of the Central Radio and Television Channel of the Central Radio and Television, the "Voice of China" of the Central Radio and Television Station.
At the same time, the WeChat public account of the "Media Special Training Camp" of training media reporters was also closed. The reason for the blockade of the authorities is the same as the former, that is, violated the "Regulations on the Management of Internet User's Public Account Information Service". The reporter checked the information and found that the account focused on social hot events, discussed news writing and reports, and disclosed information in the industry.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua and Xu Shuting He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/gt1-07042023040940.html 
Chinese official media frequently publicize & quot; Western decline & quot; Scholar: brainwashing in front of the crisis 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T06:19:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:28:21-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Official media frequently propagate the analysis of Western declining scholars that Chinese society is facing crisis and brainwashing and ugly capitalism. Agence France-Presse information picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/Zhengzhi/GT2-07042023061841.html/@stream China's official media Xinhua News Agency, People's Daily, Guangming.com and other central media have recently posted documents, rendering the news of the economic recession such as comprehensive poverty, difficulty in food and clothing, and refugee influx of developed western countries. But this move has caused the public to ridicule.
Xi Jinping emphasized "Chinese -style modernization" scholar: aimed at fighting with the West * What are the new tricks in the "Dawai President" of China and Outside China? 
According to the economic data released by Chinese official last weekend, the third consecutive month of manufacturing activities in June has shrunk. The PMI index of non -manufacturing activities, especially the service industry, has fallen from 54.5%in May to June. 53.2; the youth unemployment rate a month ago exceeded 20%. Since then, reports on poverty on poverty on the western developed countries have spread on the Internet.
On June 29, Xinhua News Agency reported that the title was "One -Seventh -year of the British last year"; on the 30th, the title reported by China Youth Network was "Los Angeles Unknown to the streets on the street" and so on. The above official reports immediately sparked ridiculed by netizens. Some netizens said, "Will it be the hungry land in Canada and Australia tomorrow?" Some netizens asked, "The British really can't, the Prime Minister rides the street and runs. Is this Xinhua News Agency or Deyun Society?"
Netizens sorted out news about the "one -third of the British who could not eat" by Xinhua News Agency, and mocked. (Weibo screenshot) Senior commentator Zheng Xuguang believed in an interview with this station on Tuesday that the news that the party media or local media quoted official media, they were deliberately dwarfing developed countries. Tell the people that people in Western countries can not eat enough. It is not strange to have a more tragic scene. In addition, according to these experts such as Liu Yuanchun, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, the unemployment rate of young people in China is more than 20%, and It will continue to deteriorate. Under such circumstances, I think the official media report is the brainwashing and publicity war on the public. "
Official media and local media reproduced the news of the West to return to poverty
Summarizing the recent reporting perspective of Chinese official media, local media and self -media, focusing on economic recession in developed countries, Western refugees may pour into China, including "the younger generation in Japan is not full, no deposit"; , Australians can't afford to eat ";" 30 million people in the United States are hungry and 43 million people are homeless. " Forced to starve "and so on.
However, experts such as Chinese economists and presidents of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics Liu Yuanchun recently warned in the "China Macroeconomic Analysis and Forecast Report in the mid -2023" that Chinese youth unemployment problems will continue to intensify in the short term and may last for 10 years. If it is not handled properly, it will not only trigger social problems, but also trigger political problems.
From left: Netizens ridiculed Zhang Weizhi and said sharply. Netizens use the UK's minimum wage to compare the salary of the Chinese. Netizens ridiculed the living standards of the people of official media to distort the people of developed countries. Netizens ridiculed Xinhua News Agency to say that the cross talk is Deyun Society. (Web screenshot/ancient pavilion provided) Zhejiang scholar Jiang Yi said in an interview with this station that experts such as Liu Yuanchun objectively stated and predicted that the current economic development of China is very serious, and the authorities are facing huge political security hazards.
He said: "This is a huge threat for the so -called stability. Because these young people can't find a job, they will be dissatisfied with the authorities, and their dissatisfaction will increase. The challenges brought to the maintenance of stability, it creates a good socialist and capitalist argument through brainwashing. This approach has been used many times after the CCP's establishment of politics. "
Official media dwarfed Western developed countries to protect politics stability 
According to Bloomberg, the above -mentioned "China Macroeconomic Analysis and Forecast Report" published in the mid -June in the middle of June is 110 pages. "" ". In addition to Liu Yuanchun, the reporter's writer also includes Liu Xiaoguang, a professor at the National Development and Strategy Research Institute of Renmin University of China, and Yan Yan, chairman and president of China Integrity International, and joint deputy director of the Institute of Economic Research, Renmin University of China.
The report pointed out that the key to solving problems is to "improve the construction of the rule of law" and "improve the protection of private property rights" to make up for the confidence of the Chinese people's confidence in the construction of the rule of law since the new crown epidemic.Some netizens said when they responded to the living standards of Xinhua News Agency dwarfed developed countries, "Hey, this year's netizens can all have high IQ.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua and Xu Shuting He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/gt2-07042023061841.html 
The Hong Kong police hanging a million -dollar eight social movements, Luo Guancong is worried about the threat of security 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-04T07:21:47.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T08:15:24.000Z
Description: The Hong Kong Police National Security Department announced that it was eight people such as Luo Guancong and Xu Zhifeng, such as HK $ 1 million, and Luo Guancong, who was living in the UK, told BBC that he believed that his personal safety would become more dangerous.
Images: [" _130277599_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['英国', '香港版国安法', '澳大利亚', '中國', '香港']
Type: Article
Hong Kong Police Hanging Million Wanted Eight Social Transporters, Luo Guancong was worried about the threat of security 
July 4, 2023![] Image source, AFP
Democrats who fled in Hong Kong told the BBC that his personal safety would become more dangerous because the authorities wanted to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want. 
Nathan Law, who is currently living in the UK, is one of the eight exile people wanted by the Hong Kong police.
The Hong Kong authorities rewarded HK $ 1 million (about 100,581 pounds; $ 127,637), collecting information that can lead to their arrest.
Luo Guancong said that due to the existence of a reward, he needs to "be more careful" in revealing his whereabouts.
These eight targeted activities were accused of collusion with foreign forces -this is a crime that may be sentenced to life imprisonment. After large -scale democratic protests in 2019, Hong Kong implemented a severe national security law three years ago. This crime is a crime under the National Security Law.
British Foreign Minister James Cleverly said that Britain "will not tolerate any intention to intimidate and sorrow in Britain and overseas individuals."
He said in a statement: "We call on Beijing to revoke the National Security Law and call on the Hong Kong authorities to stop those who maintain freedom and democracy."
Under the National Security Law, hundreds of democratic activities were arrested and convicted in Hong Kong.
Beijing has stated that this law is needed to stabilize the city, but critics claim that the law aims to suppress dissidents.
In this announcement, eight people named in the United Kingdom, the United States or Australia -have no extradition treaties between these countries and China.
Li Guihua, General Police Division of the Hong Kong Police, said that the crimes of "harm to Guoan are very serious".
He acknowledged that if they stayed abroad, the Hong Kong police could not arrest them, but said they would not stop law enforcement.
Luo Guancong is one of the main characters in the Hong Kong democracy protest. He said that although he felt that he was in the UK, the situation was "relatively safe", but after the news of the reward was announced, he had to be more cautious.
"Someone may be in the UK -or anywhere -provide some of my information (for Hong Kong authorities). For example, my whereabouts, when I transfer to some countries, they may be able to extradite me, "Luo Guancong said.
"All these may put my life in a dangerous situation. If I don't be careful about seeing or where to go. This makes me have to live a more cautious life."
The Hong Kong Government will re -push the "23": What is the difference between the National Security Law? Luo Guancong posted a post on Twitter, urging others not to cooperate with the authorities in this matter, and said: "We should not limit ourselves, self -examination, intimidation, or living in fear."
Guo Fengyi, an exile activist who was included in the wanted list and the executive director of the "Hong Kong Democratic Commission", also expressed the same view, saying that the purpose of this reward was to threaten her and other activists.
"We are united to fight for our home -Hong Kong's freedom and democracy," she said in a statement.
Liu Zudi, also wanted, told the BBC that the "little pink" people who could encourage overseas to pro -pro -pro -Beijing "small pink" people would attack or harass them on their personal attacks.
Luo Guancong said that in the long run, he is not very worried about his future.
"In the final analysis, I wonder how countries with a strong rule of law system will cooperate or cooperate with the Hong Kong government to extradite any of us among us, because this is obviously a political crime and violates our basic human rights."
Australian Foreign Minister Pennywong said that the Australian government's announcement on the announcement of the reward "deeply disappointed" and said that Australia "still pays attention to the continued erosion of Hong Kong's human rights, freedom, and autonomy."
The other five in this reward list were Xu Zhifeng, Guo Rongzhang, Meng Zhanda, Yuan Gongyi, and Ren Jianfeng.

Eight people wanted by the Hong Kong Police National Security Department: 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66094657 
BBC survey: Is the Chinese government monitoring you? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-04T07:42:20.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T07:42:20.000Z
Description: From a spy balloon to the secret police to the escape from the disgraceful, the BBC "Wide -angle Mirror" survey reported China's global surveillance operation.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['技术新知', '中國', '互联网']
Type: Article
BBC Investigation: Are the Chinese government monitoring you? 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-66095405/P0FYSHX3/ZH-Hans]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-66095405/p0fyshx3/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials * BBC survey: Is the Chinese government monitoring you? July 4, 2023
From spy balls to overseas secret police stations, to Chinese cameras all over the world, the BBC "Panorama" investigated some testimony of the Chinese government's global monitoring operations. We investigated new details about the Beijing Spy Balloon Fleet, and also "black" into a Chinese -made monitoring camera, showing how similar devices on the streets can be used.
As the British government announced that China is the biggest security challenge in this era, we have to ask: Is the Chinese government monitoring you?
The premiere of the film was on June 26, 2023. The Pentagon of the United States said on June 29 that there was no information from the Chinese balloon from the United States to the East Coast from Alaska to the East Coast from Alaska in February.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66095405 
Interview with international amnesty secretary -general: Anti -China accusation is accommodated by China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-04T08:10:00Z
Description: As the situation in the Taiwan Strait heated up, the Secretary -General of the International Inneure Organization Association Agnès Callamard visited Taiwan from June 24 to 29. What is her purpose? In May, the organization said that a Uighur student who stayed in Korea went to Hong Kong to disappear, but later changed his mouth to say that the student had not gone to Hong Kong. How can the secretary general respond to this?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '移民难民', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '台湾', '人权']
Id: 66107907
Voice of Germany: What is the purpose of your trip to Taiwan? 
Karamal: Although this is the first time I visited Taiwan as the Secretary -General of the International Inneure Organization (Identnial), the relationship between the international amnesty and Taiwan has a long history. During the period of Taiwan's dictatorship, international amnesty was committed to assisting with conscience. During this interview, during this interview, during the interview, I also saw two of them -Chen Qinsheng and Chen Ju, chairman of the Taiwan National Human Rights Committee.
No matter where I go, everyone will mention this long -term relationship and the efforts of international amnesty in democracy and human rights. Therefore, some of the reasons for my visit is to rebuild these relationships and pay special attention to the continuous work of the International Amnesty Taiwan Branch, because it is not only one of the most successful branches of the International Amnesty Organization in the region and even globally globally. Essence As a national entity, it has indeed achieved extraordinary achievements. Therefore, I am very eager to meet with members, staff, and directors in Taiwan in Taiwan to understand their work and see what our other members have.
This is the first reason I came here, but there are other why it may not be very good. I come here to evaluate the progress of the Taiwan government in terms of human rights and practical human rights conventions, and it is also to explore and understand the impact of increasingly intensified international tensions, especially the tension in the United States and China on the protection of human rights in Taiwan for human rights. Impact, but not only this.
Taiwan is indeed at the front line of the international system reorganization and the conflict between China and the United States. Last year, Russia's invasion of Ukraine had exacerbated this conflict. Therefore, this visit also wants to know how to deal with the increasingly tense situation and how we should respond to ensure that human rights are protected anyway.
Voice of Germany: What do you find about the impact of the geopolitical tensions of the China and the United States in the Taiwan Strait? 
Karamal: Well, of course, I think there are many impacts, such as resources, fear, fake messages and other aspects. All this makes the protection of human rights, on the one hand, it is particularly critical and important, and on the other hand, it may be reduced to a victim in the tension.
Taking false information as an example, any researchers around the world will tell you that Taiwan is the first victim of the fake information. In terms of human rights and democracy, the people of Taiwan are the targets of fake information. The purpose of these false information is to instill fear, so that people believe that human rights are unhelpful, human rights have no effect, human rights cannot protect the people, and the Taiwanese government cannot protect the people of Taiwan. This level of false information is already a form of infringement of human rights, making it more difficult to advocate human rights protection and human rights education. However, this also highlights how important international human rights organizations such as INENE Organizations are investing in Taiwan can ensure how much protection of Taiwanese people understand human rights and know how much protection of human rights conventions, human rights operations, and human rights and justice can bring them.
Another example is the fear of military intervention, which makes people feel strong uncertainty and fear that something will happen to themselves or children. Creating such an environment itself is already infringing the rights of Taiwanese. Of course, no matter whether it is public or direct, any form of military operations will constitute a major human rights violation of the people of Taiwan.
We haven't reached that step, but what I want to express is that even in the current environment, the severity of false information, (Taiwan Strait) militaryization and human rights politics need to be specially considered to consider how to safeguard human rights.
On the eve of June 29, Karamar accepted an exclusive interview with the Voice of Germany at the International Amnesty Organization Taiwan Branch.
Voice of Germany: When I talked with your Taipei team earlier, I learned that you met with Taiwanese officials and citizen groups. Who is particularly impressive? After seeing them, do you think Taiwan is ready to face the impact you mentioned just now? 
Karamal: Everyone I met was impressive. Of course, because I have a human rights background, I am particularly moved by those who are struggling with the rights of myself or others.
When I met some people who were illegally detained because of free expressions in Taiwan, or in China, or in China. They have resistance, and their wives and family also have resistance, which is impressive. I also met the prisoner, including Mr. Qiu and Mr. Wang (referring to Qiu Heshun and Wang Xinfu). Their philosophy of life is also impressive. It can teach us what it looks like to continue to live in the fear of being executed, but they are again Being able to discover beauty in simple things in life and prepare for your own life.
I also met the person in charge of the National Human Rights Commission (Chen Ju). She was a conscience and a victim of torture. International amnesty had assisted the rescue when she was detained. Her determination to protect human rights is impressive, even if some rights were deprived when she was young.
Politicians in Taiwan are all in a very complicated environment. Taiwan's unique international status allows them to continue to weigh between various priority matters and issues. Although I do not always agree with the road that Taiwan chooses, I never doubt that they are committed to ensuring human rights as much as possible, so this visit to Taiwan brought me huge hope.
Over the years, although Taiwan has not affiliated to the United Nations -this position has been given to China in the past, Taiwan has found its method of implementing the human rights agenda. The Taiwan government and the civic society jointly designed and practiced a very creative system, which shows that their commitments to international standards and their willingness to accept external evaluation commitments based on these standards. They are copying special mechanisms and procedures for the existing human rights system in a more effective way. This is something that must be particularly emphasized, and I personally inspire a lot.
Five international conventions have been included in Taiwan's domestic regulations and systems. These five conventions are supervised by international experts who visit Taiwan on a regular basis. After they issued a review report, the Taiwan government will evaluate the report and promise to implement regulations in accordance with the recommendations. This is a virtuous circle, and it is very rare in terms of human rights and must be prominent; this is a great achievement in Taiwan.
One of the tasks I visited actually told Taiwan: You have done so much, but you can do more. In terms of the "Torture Convention" and "Refugee Convention", Taiwan can do more and incorporate these conventions into domestic law. Therefore, all kinds of talks I held here are to emphasize to the Taiwan government that they have established a road, and this path should be linear, which means that there is only one direction in advance, that is, to continue to localize these international obligations And implement it.
Voice of Germany: Let's talk about the recent incidents of international amnesty organizations. In May this year, International Amnesty Organization said that there were Uygur students who disappeared at the Hong Kong airport, but found that this is not the facts Essence This incident seriously damaged the reputation of your organization. I want to ask what happened. How will your organization rebuild the trust of the outside world? 
Karamal: There are a few words in your questions that are not correct, so I correct me a little bit. Traditionally, international amnesty organizations are committed to helping people who are in danger of life due to being imprisoned, missing or illegally detained.When this person disappeared 3 weeks later, "I don't want you to speak on behalf of me." At this time, we will stop because our basic principles are to obtain consent and do not cause damage. Therefore, when some people say that we do not want us to speak on their behalf, we do not want us to initiate and publicize the case, then we must definitely follow their instructions immediately, and we do this too. After 3 weeks of disappearance, this person asked us not to do anything, and we stopped action. This approach has practiced the key principles and standards of our investigation, that is, does not cause damage, and takes into account consent and accuracy. In my opinion, this is the key message that the outside world should know from this.
Voice of Germany: But the information received by the public is that your organization said that he disappeared at the Hong Kong airport, but found that he did not go to the airport at all. So is this in terms of accuracy — 
Karamal: There are different explanations to the incident. In my opinion, as a reporter who should avoid damage, you should adhere to the "The Do NO Harmprinciple". We should not talk about the student's situation because this may make the situation worse. This is our bottom line. This is not what happened and nothing happened. The question is to how much we receive the current consent to talk about this? We did not agree to talk about this. In addition, if we continue to talk about this, to what extent will it hurt? There will be a lot of damage, so we no longer talk about this. This is the position of the International Amnesty Organization as a human rights organization.
Voice of Germany: Okay. So what you mean is that your organization stops this project because he does not agree with consent? 
Karamal: Yes, this is the most important key.
Voice of Germany: Why did this information not mentioned in the more corrected statement of your organization? 
Karamal: What information?
Voice of Germany: Nothing to agree. 
Karamal: Yes, this is the key principle. I don't need to repeat things that have been disclosed. I am supplementing the information for you: The working principle of the International Amnesty Organization is "no harm" and "obtaining consent." In the case of these two principles, we immediately take action and ensure that we do not cause harm; if (the parties) withdraw from consent, we must also withdraw any related actions. That's it.
Voice of Germany: Okay. I see. What about Beijing? When your organization issued other in -depth investigations on Xinjiang Uyghur ethnic minorities in the future, the Chinese government may refute you with this incident. How will you deal with it? 
Karamal: I am very resolutely committed to continuing the work we have done. Regarding the International Amnesty Organization, the Chinese government has proposed too many allegations, no matter what they say now, it is nothing new. We and other organizations have published an exquisite research on China to treat Uighurs. China's approach is equivalent to anti -human crimes, but China has not yet proposed any accurate and effective refutation information.
China will put forward various allegations on anyone, for international amnesty organizations, as well as the Taiwan government, as long as we dare to doubt their human rights issues. No matter where we are, China and Russia have accusations about us, and Israel accuses us of anti -Skilk because we publish racial isolation reports. This is the script of all dictatorship, we are used to it. We know how to deal with it, and we will continue to adhere to our working principles and the commitment to maintain human rights.
Voice of Germany: Do you personally think that the incident has damaged the reputation of the International Amnesty Organization? 
Karamal: I don't know which event you are talking about. But no, I don't think (I think) people from this area understand that this incident does not have any impact (for the organization).
After the "Hong Kong National Security Law" passed, the International Amnesty Organization announced at the end of 2021 that two local branches were closed.
Voice of Germany: Some people on the Internet have accused the International Amnesty Organization as a "anti -China organization" to maintain human rights and act as a non -governmental organization in Western political instruments. How do you respond to these remarks? 
Karamal: As I just said, we suffered a lot of allegations. Whenever we emphasize that a country has human rights issues, the government and supporters of the country usually accuse us of opposition to the country Essence We criticized Ethiopia to commit anti -human crimes in Tigray's conflict, and was criticized against Ethiopia; when we talked about Israel's treatment with Palestinians, we were accused of anti -Jewie. We have also been accused by the US government for pointing out human rights violations. Therefore, China's accusations of our authority are consistent with the usefulness of authoritarian leaders, that is, trying to shift the focus to avoid their own human rights violations.
International human rights are neither West, east, not Latin America, nor Africa. It is a universal standard. Most people in the world, and even governments of various countries gather together. It is the basis for the relationship between the government and the people, and it is a way to ensure that individual rights are exempted from the infringement of government rights. Rights are naturally held by us. As long as you are an individual, you have the right to. Chinese people have human rights, Taiwanese have human rights, and French people also have human rights (compiled by: Karamal is French).
I will describe it so much that in a series of tensions such as the Chinese government and the United States, and in the battle between the global superpowers, human rights have become one of the instruments of this conflict. The U.S. government is allegedly advocating political, citizenship and democracy, while China advocates (economic) development, national sovereignty and economic rights. In fact, the position of the International Amnesty Organization is that we do not choose the side station in this conflict. We are still quite fair. What we want to express is that human rights are inseparable, and citizenship, political power, economic power, social power, and cultural rights are part of our birth and must be protected equally. They are abused and misused by Chinese governments and other countries, do not mean that they belong to another country or government. We must safeguard human rights around the world, including China, and resist China when necessary.
Voice of Germany: Do you have to take action to fight against the accusations of China? 
Karamal: At any time, I mean, this is always the case. For example, when China accuses us of inclined to the West in terms of human rights advocacy, we can usually do two things -the first thing is to show that as a human rights organization, international amnesty organizations also pay attention to the United States, China, Russia, Mali, etc. A series of countries.
The second thing is that we have just released a report on global human rights. Among them, we pointed out that Western countries have made double standards, because they look at the Ukraine conflict priority than many other conflicts and fail to maintain from a global perspective to maintain human rights. When they realize their vision, they actually discharge the order of high and low. We did not hesitate to point out the weakness, limitations or violations of the so -called western countries. So I can say that we often do this without any justice. This is what must be done.We resolutely condemn the Chinese authorities that have repeatedly violated the freedom of speech. We have prepared and will continue to condemn the Chinese government to perform the death penalty, infringe the right of strikes of the people, and infringe on the people's assembly rights. The Chinese authorities have committed a variety of human rights violations, some in terms of citizenship, politics, and economic, social, and cultural aspects. No matter what China does to us, we will continue to condemn them.
I can guarantee you that we are a global (initiative) movement, and we have everything to resist Chinese fake messages.
Voice of Germany: You mentioned at the Oslo Freedom Forum last year that many Western countries did not publicly condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and once said that "neutrality is not an option." If China really invaded Taiwan, do you think the Western world will be more difficult to form a united front? 
Karamal: Listen, I will not start to predict what China may do and won't do anything. When a government -no matter which government -the key principles that violate the "United Nations Charter" and the formation of the formation and governance methods of the international community, and infringe on human rights, "neutrality" cannot exist.
Ukrainian counterattack is stalemate 
I said a year ago that it is still clearly expressed that it is not an option to take a neutral attitude towards Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Governments of various countries, governments including Africa, Latin America, and Asia, should be with Ukraine, because Ukraine's territory is invaded, the country is completely violated, and the people are killed. (Russia) committed many sins of war. So yes, neutrality is impossible.
In the face of other large -scale human rights, it is also impossible to maintain neutrality. For example, the Myanmar government has done what local people and ethnic minorities do; dozens of people have been imprisoned in Egypt or Saudi Arabia because of freely. So no matter where these infringements happen, we must resolutely oppose it.
Voice of Germany: Do you think the situation of "neutrality" is also applicable to the tension of the Taiwan Strait? 
Karamal: As long as there is a large -scale violation of human rights anywhere, neutrality is not an option. It's not advisable.
Voice of Germany: Do you think the Western world is paying attention to Taiwan? Is Western countries paying attention to the situation between China and Taiwan, and possible human rights disasters? 
Karamar: There is no doubt that the world is paying attention to what is happening in Taiwan, including organizations like us. As I said, one of the reasons for my trip is precisely because Taiwan is in the increasingly intensified frontline of international tensions. Therefore, we need to understand how to protect human rights in such a complex background. In the end, the people of Taiwan decide where they want to go. Therefore, from the perspective of international amnesty organizations, we will put forward a position based on international law and international conventions related to human rights.
So yes, everyone is paying attention to Taiwan now. We came here to safeguard human rights, because the people and authorities of Taiwan have made great progress in maintaining human rights. We really want to support them to continue to do so, including incorporating international conventions such as the "Torture Convention" into the domestic law. This is the basic principle of the international human rights system, but has not been well included in Taiwan's domestic system. Therefore, one of the key messages I want to bring in this trip is that (Taiwan) should not waste time. This is very important, which is part of Taiwan's commitment to international human rights.
Voice of Germany: As you mentioned, you encountered some death prisoners in Taiwan. According to your organization, China is the most active country in the world in the world ; In Taiwan, although the government has a gradual abolition of the death penalty, the public support rate of the public is actually as high as China. What's your opinion? 
Karamal: I regret that the people of Taiwan have not opposed the death penalty. The death penalty is the ultimate form of punishment. It is inhumane and humiliated. In some cases, it may be equivalent to torture.
Before joining the International Amnesty Organization, I served as a special reporter who was arbitrarily executed by (the United Nations). The death penalty is part of the scope of my responsibility, and I have received a lot of information about the case of death penalty. I can assure you that none of the cases of death sentences are in line with the principles of fair trials from the United States to Saudi Arabia, Taiwan or China. In other words, when people are sentenced to death, they have become victims under infringement, such as the pipelines of the lawyer, and what I am talking about now is just the situation in the Western or democratic countries.
In 2020, the International Amnesty Organization protested by the French government through the Global Security Law, which plans to imitate China to use face recognition monitoring technology in the public field.
These people (referring to the death penalty) may have the opportunity to contact a lawyer after being sued for a long time; it may also vomit information or confession under torture or abuse; they may not speak the language or even communicate with the police because there are often there is often, there are often, there are often, there are often, there are often, there are often there is, there are often, there are often, there are often, there are often there is, there are often there is a way A large number of victims of the death penalty are migrant; many of them may be poor. Among the death penalty victims around the world, the largest number of people is extremely poor and the most vulnerable group.
There is really no fairness to say that the death penalty. In the end, it is just unacceptable that it is arbitrarily deprived of life. Therefore, regardless of the standpoint of the Taiwanese people, the position of our organization is that we will continue to advocate opposition to the death penalty; we will continue to educate people to understand the truth of the death penalty; we will also call on the authorities to decisively (abolishment) than the present.
Many people around the world believe that the death penalty is meaningful, not only Taiwanese and Chinese, but this belief is actually ubiquitous. Even in countries that have abolished the death penalty, especially those who have just been abolished, you will find that many people still think that the death penalty has its meaning -the fact is not the case, and the death penalty is the opposite of justice -but the governments of these countries are still brave Tell the people, you see, we will implement (abolition) operation, we will convince you and educate you, we will prove that the death penalty is a kind of violation of human rights.
We must continue this trend now. This trend is that the number of (countries) who have abolished the death penalty far more than those who have not been abolished. Every year, more countries abolish the death penalty, and more countries are de facto or legal to suspend the death penalty. Currently in Taiwan, (the death penalty) has been suspended in essence. We call on the authorities to continue this substantial suspension and turn to legal suspension, and eventually move towards abandonment. At the same time, in some cases, the president can take action through amnesty. We call on President Tsai to at least forgive Mr. Qiu and Mr. Wang (referring to Qiu Heshun and Wang Xinfu). Both of them should be released.
Voice of Germany: According to your experience in studying the death penalty around the world, do you think it is a feasible way to gradually abolish the death penalty? 
Karamal: Listen, we don't know, you know, of course, international amnesty firmly advocates completely abolishing the death penalty. This is our ultimate goal. However, we are also pragmatic and realize the importance of gradually abolishing the death penalty and gradually performing human rights obligations. When we involve the death penalty, we are using a gradual method. For example, the first step is to be executed for children or disabled; the second step should not be performed in crimes related to drugs, or the death penalty of the death penalty according to international law should not lead to the death penalty. Therefore, we certainly support this pragmatic method against the death penalty, but our ultimate goal is to achieve a comprehensive abolition of the death penalty.Karamal: This is quite outstanding. As I said, Taiwan is on a good road in terms of human rights protection. This must continue and independent of what is happening (referring to the potential conflict of the Taiwan Strait). In this international background, the best response is to put attention to the full implementation of international human rights.
Taiwan's right to do in LGBTQI's rights is amazing Essence Of course, we must congratulate the Taiwan authorities through this legislation. Of course, you can do more. What else can you do?
At present, there is a problem with the equality bill, that is, it excludes one of the partners from Chinese nationality Essence We understand the sensitivity of (cross -strait) issues, but we insist that this has created a discriminatory aspect -frankly, this can even be said to be a bit ridiculous, because if you are a heterosexual couple, there will be no such way to have these question. Why are this regulation imposed between same -sex partners? This is completely unreasonable. This is to make discrimination, and it does violate basic human rights standards. Therefore, we call on the authorities to review this specific clause and ensure that their spouses including Chinese citizens should be recognized by the Taiwan government. This is an example that can be adopted and should be taken immediately.
524, we are married! 
Another problem is that those who need to change their legal gender identity must be underplayed by surgery. The position of international amnesty is that the mandatoryness in this specification is very problematic, it violates people's autonomy and the right to retain physical integrity. Of course, if individuals want to do such surgery, we welcomes and agree with this. However, when the surgery becomes compulsory, it is actually authorized the state to make a decision for "things that should not be determined by the state". When it involves physical integrity, it should be determined by individuals. Therefore, on this issue, we also call on the authorities to cancel the provisions of gender identity through mandatory surgery.
Voice of Germany: What else do you want to add to this visit? 
Karamal: The key information brought to me this time is that Taiwan is a vibrant civil society. It has vibrant intellectuals. People are also committed to ensuring that Taiwan's human rights issues in this region play a leading role. At present, Taiwan has also done this in specific fields, including integration and the implementation of the five major international human rights conventions in China to pass international and expert review. In terms of LGBTQI rights, Taiwan has also made great progress, and many public and politicians have a clear commitment to human rights.
However, there are still some issues and themes that have not received the attention. Some of my visiting parts are also to focus on these issues, such as refugee issues. I once said that the Taiwan government actually signed the Refugee Convention before the membership of the United Nations membership was transferred to China, but so far, this contract has not been implemented (in Taiwan). The refugees who are sheltered will live in a state of lack of human rights and uncertainty.
Therefore, one of the main goals of my task this week is to ensure that Taiwan has the necessary legal framework to protect these refugees, so as not to drive them back. This includes seeking from Hong Kong, China, and other places from Syria, Uganda and other places. Shelter. For me, this is a blind spot for the Taiwan authorities and must be resolved.
In addition, the Taiwan authorities must also find methods to balance climate justice, indigenous people's rights and migrant rights. 12%of Taiwan's labor is from outside Taiwan, and the proportion is quite high. These workers must be completely protected by labor law. I sincerely admire the achievements that (Taiwan) has achieved here. At the same time, the international amnesty is also willing to give more support, so that Taiwan will continue to move in the direction of comprehensive human rights protection.
Voice of Germany: Thank you again for your interview, and thank you for your answer. 
Karamar: Thank you very much.
_ The Voice of Germany is committed to providing you with objective neutral news reports and showing a variety of angles of comments and analysis. Comment and analysis in the article only represent the author or expert's personal position. _ _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/專訪國際特赦秘書長：反華指控是中國慣用招/a-66107907?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Personal Privacy Protection: Renmin University of China Alumni is detained for stealing the appearance of alma mater. 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-04T09:16:16.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T09:16:16.000Z
Description: The platform established by the alumni contains the personal information of all students from Renmin University of China from 2014 to 2020, including photos, names, school numbers, nationality and birthday.
Images: [" _130281676_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['高等教育', '网络犯罪', '中國']
Type: Article
Personal Privacy Protection: The alumni of the People's University of China are detained for stealing the appearance of the alma mater's student information. 
July 4, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The arrested programmer studied at Renmin University of China. He was suspected of stealing the student information in the school database to create a scoring website.
A programmer of Tencent was arrested in Beijing on Monday (July 3). He was accused of stealing a database of a famous university in China and using students' photos and information to establish a appearance scoring platform. 
According to Chinese media reports, the 25 -year -old man named Ma surnamed his master's degree in his master's degree, invaded the database of his alma mater, and stole the personal information of the students throughout the school, and created an online platform to score their appearance.
He had made public public in social media. The online screenshot shows that one of the posts was published in October 2020, which means that the platform may have existed for about three years.
Personal privacy worry caused by FaceApp's popularity Is it good or bad for employers to provide health bracelets? The introduction mechanism for the introduction of domestic violence in China is welcomed, but the discussion of privacy caused by privacy "Today, I completed this bad thing with the people of like -minded people. I wanted to send a circle of friends but people were afraid of being punched or posted on Weibo." road.
According to Chinese media reports, the platform he established was called "RUC IR FACE", which included personal information of all students from Renmin University of China from 2014 to 2020, including photos, names, school numbers, nationality and birthday.
Viewers can even accurately query from the aspects of height, constellation, nationality, college, etc.
Image source, weibo
Image adding text,
The website screenshot established by Ma, the website is no longer accessible.
Renmin University of China is located in Beijing and is one of the most well -known universities in the country. Last Saturday (July 1), the school's internal student forum "Little Horn" exposed the incident on the incident.
In a statement on Sunday (July 2), Renmin University stated that the school has paid attention to the incident and has contacted the police to conduct an investigation.
On Monday (July 3), the police in Haidian District, Beijing stated that Ma was criminally detained by the police for illegal criminal acts such as illegal crimes such as some students' personal information.
"Police attach great importance to the protection of personal information of citizens, and will severely crack down on relevant illegal crimes." Haidian Public Security Branch wrote in a report.
China passed the "Personal Information Protection Law" legislation in 2021, stipulating that any organization or individual "must not buy or sell, provide or disclose personal information of others."
Ma's personal website shows that he has studied at Renmin University of China since 2015 and has obtained a bachelor's degree in computer science and technology of computer science and technology of computer science and computer application technology.
After graduating, he joined the Chinese Internet giant Tencent as a programmer. He also traveled with Huawei in byte.
According to his information on the source code custody service platform GitHub, he also developed a procedure for generating female nude photos.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The protection of personal privacy is more difficult in the Internet era.
The incident caused anger on the Internet of China. Some netizens questioned that the school did not take sufficient measures to protect students' privacy data.
"Such important information can be obtained casually, and it is also publicly explained, perfectly explaining 'high IQ low interest'!" A Weibo netizen commented.
Some Chinese netizens compared him with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
In 2003, Zuckerberg launched a controversial appearance scoring platform Facemash during his school at Harvard University. Each time he placed two girls photos together to let users choose which one is more attractive.
Similar events have occurred in China before. In 2012, a student at Wuhan University claimed to have spent three days to write code to make a beauty pageant "Facejoking", which showed photos of the school's women in the form of picture flow and scored. Despite the disputes, the website later expanded to the country.
In 2021, Chinese artist Song Tuo exhibited his own "work" in an art center in Shanghai -photos of 5,000 female students who sneaked in a university, and according to their aesthetic preferences Sort. In the overwhelming criticism, the art museum announced his withdrawal and apologizing.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66097059 
Facts ｜ Musk says "the United States cannot defeat China"? 
Author: 作者：庄敬
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T10:19:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T11:34:26-04:00
Description: Author: Zhuang Jing
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Photo: RFA
Tags: Partial errors 
Reading in one minute: 
Recently, a Tesla president Elonmusk said that "the United States cannot defeat China, even elementary school students know" Chinese subtitles videos on Weibo, Twitter, YouTube, Bilibili (station) and other social media platforms The forwarder includes Jin Canrong, an official account of the "Communication Media" of Zhongtong News Agency, and the "experts of" international relations "in China.
After the Asian facts check the laboratory verification, the short video screen is a speech at the event of Musk's participation in the US Air Force Association in 2020, but the originally about an hour of conversation was compiled into 25 seconds. There are many errors and no mistakes in Chinese title and subtitles. The accurate translation, including the disclosure, did not ask the subtitles "how the United States defeated China", and Musk did not answer "the United States cannot defeat China."
Deep analysis: 
Jin Canrong, a professor at the School of International Relations, who has 2.65 million fans on Weibo, shared a short video on June 13, titled "Musk: The United States cannot defeat China, even elementary school students know." As of the 26th, the video has been watched more than 330,000.
The time of Jin Canrong's post on Weibo was displayed at 11:02 on June 13. Immediately, the "General Media" of Zhongtong News Agency released the short video at Twitter at 11:33 on the same day. Jining Daily also released the same video at station B at 11:43.
Jin Canrong, a well -known international relations expert in China(right), "The Communication Media" under Zhongtong News Agency(left)On June 13th, he posted a post on a social media, saying that Tesla president Musk said that "the United States cannot defeat China." (Picture from Weibo, Twitter) The picture of this video was part of Musk's seminar hosted by the U.S. Air Force Association in February 2020 and talked with the U.S. Air Force Johnthomapson. This interview lasted for an hour, and the short video circulating on the social media cut a 25 -second picture from it. Musk's words were interrupted and stitched, and there were many translation errors with Chinese subtitles.
Asian facts search the laboratory searched in words such as "Musk" and "American Air Force Association", and found that since 2020, there have been many related reports and discussions. Jin Canrong and Tong Media did not explain why they shared the old information at this time, but as far as the post was published, it was related to Musk's visit to China at the end of May.
General U.S. military general asked Musk? 
The Chinese subtitles below the video wrote, "The U.S. military convened a meeting to deal with China's increasing military threats. At the meeting, the U.S. General John Thompson asked Musk to ask Musk: How can the United States defeat China?"
In fact, this is the "Annual Air Battle Seminar" of the American Air Force Association, which is not a conference held in response to the threat of Chinese military. Thompson has stated at the beginning that the discussion on the same day focused on "innovation" and how to make the Air Force the most defense department the most. Innovative unit. As for Thompson's question about US -China relations, it is not "how the United States defeats China" written by subtitles.
At 47 minutes and 12 seconds in the full video, Thompson asked Musk that he had any ideas to share with the US -China or military competition between the United States and China.
The host of the conference and General U.S. Army Thompson explained that the theme of discussion on the day was innovation. (Figure cut from DVIDS website) ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-04T10-19-00-04-00/000005.png) How did Musk answer? 
The subtitle explanation below the video said: "Musk said in a calm and firm tone:‘ the United States cannot defeat China ’.”
When Musk spoke, the Chinese translation in the video was: " If the United States wants to defeat China by military, the United States must overcome the huge gap between the Chinese and American economies. If the United States does not have innovative ways, the United States will lose. If the United States has always been unreasonable, the United States can only be the second child in the United States. This is the truth that even elementary school students understand. What surprised Americans is that China's economy is two or three times that of the United States, at least two have been two, at least two have been two, at least two have already been two. More than **, I believe that people with common sense know that the foundation of war is economy. "
The bottom line and body in the previous quotation are added by the Laboratory of the Asian facts. This is two wrong translations. First, Musk did not say, "The Chinese economy is two or three times that of the United States, at least twice as much". What he said is the future tense, that is, "the Chinese economy will be two or three times that of the US economy. At least twice.
Secondly, Musk did not say, "If the United States wants to defeat China for military", he said: "In order to make the United States competitive in military." In addition, the translation of "if the United States has always been thinking for progress" is inaccurate, Musk's original text is: "If there is no fundamental innovation"
What's more important is that in this question and answer on the American and Chinese competition, Musk did not say that Chinese subtitles emphasized: "The United States cannot defeat China."
Musk called on the United States to maintain an innovative advantage in conclusion: 
In this discussion on innovation, Musk is emphasizing the importance of scientific and technological innovation in comprehensive national strength and calling on the United States to maintain innovation advantages. The original intention of Ske and the talks misleads the audience.
ASIA FACT Checklab is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about the spread of any media and social software, welcome to email AFCL@rfa.org Send it to the Asian factual inspection laboratory, and we will verify and verify it for you. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-07042023100850.html 
Li Jiachao said & quot; Lifetime hunting & quot; eight Hong Kong people analysis: extradition violation of international legal principles 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T10:24:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T10:21:24-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao Agence France-Presse Picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/gf-07042023074708.html/@@stream The Hong Kong Police National Security Department recently wanted eight democratic people overseas on the grounds of suspected violation of the National Security Law of the Hong Kong District. Some comments believe that the authorities issue a wanted order with a high attitude.
Hong Kong rewards, wanted overseas dissidents, American criticism is a dangerous precedent The third anniversary of the National Security Law Hong Kong wanted 8 people in the name of "endangering national security" The eight Hong Kong people who have been fled overseas and are suspected of endangering national security include three former Legislative Council members Xu Zhifeng, Luo Guancong, and Guo Rongzheng. The eight were wanted by the Hong Kong Police State Security Department. Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao said on July 4 that the Hong Kong government will hunt for life. The wanted person to end the wanted career, there is only one way to surrender.
Tang Jiazhen, a member of the Hong Kong Executive Council and a senior barrister, acknowledged that it was difficult for the Hong Kong government to request a foreign government to extradite people who were suspected of violating the National Security Law of the Hong Kong District to return to Hong Kong.
Tang Jiazheng: "All national security crimes, not only Hong Kong, China, and countries in the world are the same. They are political crimes. According to the guidelines of the United Nations and Hong Kong law, the transfer of suspects is not applicable. It is not applicable. Because the basic principles of our law have never changed, they cannot be required to be transferred to some politicians. Regardless of whether he committed a political crime or a political crime. "
The legal profession and the time critic Samp believe that the eight -person wanted order of the National Security Department of the Hong Kong Police seemed to be very casual, in order to scare overseas Hong Kong people.
Sanpu: "It (Hong Kong Government) has not stated that the eight people are wanted for what specific reasons. The purpose of its (wanted order) is not aimed at those eight people, but for many surrounding people who engage in proposal human rights and community building work. People, both in Taiwan or the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Australia (Australia), "are there."
Time Critics Sanpu said that the eight -person wanted order of the Hong Kong Government was aimed at scareing people from foreign Hong Kong people. (Sangpu is exclusively provided, the shooting date is unknown) Several Congress of the United States sent a letter to the Secretary of State Brillin last month, asking Washington not to invite Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao to attend the Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation Organization (APEC) summit in November in San Francisco. Sanpu estimates that the Hong Kong government hopes to take the opportunity to test the bottom line of the United States.
Sanpu: "It is a difficult way to force the United States to express the attitude of the United States in a more tough way. It is critical to get the United States into a problem to invite Li Jiachao to the United States. It is critical to respond to this matter in the United States."
Eight wanted Hong Kong people are in the United States, Britain, Australia and other countries. Wang Xinli, a researcher at the Chinese Chinese Strategic Foreign Prospective Society, believes that once they leave the country, there will be variables in safety.
Wang Xinli: "The safety of eight people should be indifferent, but if they move abroad one day, they may ask for arrest when they move abroad to a country with criminal extradition with mainland China or Hong Kong."
Taiwanese scholar Wang Xinzhi (pictured) said that if the eight wanted Hong Kong people left their country, they would have a variable. (Wang Xinli is exclusively provided, the shooting date is unknown) The United States and Britain criticize the Hong Kong police wanted overseas Hong Kong people 
The US State Department spokesman condemned the Hong Kong police to want eight overseas Hong Kong people, and believed that it was a precedent for threatening the human rights and basic freedom of the world. British Foreign Minister Clever also said that Britain strongly opposed China to suppress Hong Kong's freedom by the National Security Law. Among the eight people who were wanted, some people were in the UK, which was another example of the influence of legal authority in China.
Scholar Wang Xinzhi estimates that the Hong Kong Government has already taken into account the strong response of the international community's wanted order.
Wang Xinli: "Mainland China or the Hong Kong Government doesn't care about the so -called international sanctions. Their current thinking is 'national security is higher than everything'."
Time reviewers Sanpu said that China's "war wolf diplomacy" is gradually expanding. The Hong Kong government has taken off the packaging of "one country, two systems" and stood on the same line as Beijing. Essence
Reporter: Gao Feng Editor: Xu Shuting He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/gf-07042023074708.html 
On the eve of the US Treasury Minister's visit to China, China released the export measures to restrict semiconductor materials 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T11:40:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:26:01-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 US Chinese flag and semiconductor chip Reuters picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx-07042022222.html/@stream On the eve of the US Finance Minister Yellen's visit to China, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce announced export control on related substances involving semiconductor materials on the grounds of "maintaining national security and interests". Some comments believe that China ’s move is a countermeasure for the US -China trade competition and trying to increase negotiation chips.
China Implementation Export Control of Correals Meiji Magazine to promote economic and trade cooperation, China hopes to withdraw tariffs on the United States The Chinese Ministry of Commerce issued the "Announcement on Implementing Export Control of Related Related Items" on July 3rd that according to the relevant provisions of the People's Republic of China Export Control Law, Foreign Trade Law, Customs Law, etc., With the approval of the State Council, it was decided to implement export controls on the relevant items of 镓 and 锗. It will be implemented from August 1.
The announcement pointed out that export operators should go through export permit procedures in accordance with relevant regulations and apply to the Ministry of Commerce through provincial business authorities. The export of objects that have a significant impact on national security, and the Ministry of Commerce was approved by the relevant departments to the State Council. Administrative penalties are given in accordance with the law without permission. Constitute a crime, be held criminally responsible.
On July 3, the Ministry of Commerce of China issued the "Announcement on Implementing Export Control of Related Issues". (Official Website of the Ministry of Commerce) Liu Peizhen, director of the production and economic database of the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia that China ’s market proportion in minemal materials is very important, accounting for 83%of global exports.
Experts: US -China scientific and technological warfires affect the global semiconductor supply chain changes 
Liu Peizhen said: "In 2022, the part of the cricket is mainly based on Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, the Netherlands, Germany, Malaysia. Carbonized and fourth category of oxidation. The first category is mainly impacted by the substrate industry, and the second category will be affected by related negatives. The second and third categories must be observed closely. The situation requires follow -up observation. At present, the US -China science and technology war still affects the changes in global semiconductor supply chain. "
When the Chinese Ministry of Commerce set up a ban on export semiconductor -related materials, it coincided with the eve of the US Treasury Minister's visit to China. Liu Peizhen analyzed that China began to adopt anti -countermeasures. After visiting the U.S. Secretary of State Brills and met Xi Jinping, the US -China scientific and technological war did not seem to stop.
Liu Peizhen said: "Previously, in July, I am afraid that in July, I am afraid that there will be a further expansion of the AI -related chips in China, which has led China to take stocks that can hold corresponding sanctions and chips related to the United States."
Liu Peizhen analyzed that, in addition to the so -called safety review of Micron's so -called safety review before, this stage has not passed the export control of 镓 and 锗 materials at this stage. The supply chain adds uncertain factors to the complex situation of the global semiconductor industry and the complex situation of competition in the second half of the year.
Taiwan diplomatic officials: improve the level of strategic autonomy 
Li Chun, the second director of the Taiwan Foreign Ministry, was asked at a press conference on the 4th on the 4th that the incident may have a shortage in the short term, and the price may be higher. The source of supply, or cooperate with like -minded countries, should improve the situation. In terms of strategies and long -term goals, Taiwan should move towards the level of improvement of strategy.
Su Ziyun, director of the National Institute of Defense Strategy and Resources of Taiwan Defense Safety Research Institute, was interviewed by Radio Free Asia that there are currently some nitride chips of semiconductors. , But the amount is small, it is estimated that if the raw material increases by 10%to 15%, it will affect the total sales profit of less than 1%.
Su Ziyun analyzed: "The annual output value of 年 is only about 3.73 million yuan. Beijing also knows that this ban is symbolic, which has a small impact on the industry. It is only used as a political chip for the seller."
Su Ziyun said: "The amount of 蕴 China accounts for 95%, and the other 5%are distributed in Ukraine, Japan, South Korea, and the United States. Out directly from the mine, it is indeed a absolute majority of China, but why is it unattended? You can also produce by -products from aluminum. "
Rare earth war pre -war, countries have alternative plans 
Su Ziyun mentioned that in 2014, China launched a rare earth war, and the industries of various countries were caught off guard. After nine years, it was prepared. Former US President Trump proposed to strengthen the security report of the defense industry chain at the time, and pointed out that some industrial products in China have safety problems, and similar metals such as rare earths, crickets, and 锗 have also been monopolized by China, requiring the industry to provide solutions.
Su Ziyun said that there are many sources of alternatives to various countries, including by -products of re -mining, re -aluminum refining, redesigning products to reduce the demand for 镓, and strengthen the recycling of rare metals. By.
Su Ziyun also pointed out that according to the statistics of Chinese customs, the export volume of 镓 in 2022 was 92 metric tons, and the world's required amount was about 350 to 400 metric tons, of which about 200 metric tons were met from aluminum. China's crickets in the market account for about a quarter of the world's needs, and China has the largest number of underground storage in China, about 190,000 metric tons.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx-07042023095222.html 
Taiwan launched a prize bonus to prevent overseas hostile forces from intervene in the election 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T11:51:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:24:49-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In order to prevent "overseas hostile forces" and online election gambling intervene in the 2024 Taiwan election, the Taiwan Ministry of Legal Affairs sacrificed a prize of up to 20 million yuan. The picture shows the local election of the 2022 Taiwan vote and ticket boxes. Reuters picture [AUDIO-LINK: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hcm2-07042023090837.html/@stream]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hcm2-07042023090837.html/@@stream)The Taiwan Ministry of Legalism has recently launched a reward measure to prevent the "overseas hostile forces" and online election gambling involved in the 2024 election. Gu Lixiong, Secretary -General of the National Security Council of Taiwan, had previously issued a warning that the Beijing authorities may intervene in the Taiwan presidential election next year.
The Wall Street Journal: China tries to fight for the United States for the upcoming Taiwan election * Lai Qingde: Taiwan's 2024 election is the choice of democracy and autocracy What are the differences between the "peace" in the Taiwan presidential election candidate under the shadow of the war? * Taiwan MAC: China must intervene in 2024 Taiwan election The Ministry of Legal Affairs in Taiwan revised the "Key Points of Encouraging Election Cases", and explicitly added to report overseas forces, gambling disks involved in the election of the "Case Betting Bonus", of which the maximum of 5 million yuan in the election gambling prize was 5 million yuan(About RMB 1.1 million), Overseas forces reporting bonuses is 20 million yuan(RMB 4.6 million)Essence
The Taiwan media "China Times" quoted officials that the so -called overseas forces were partly incorporated into the scope of the issuance of the "National Security Law" development organization that influenced the election of the National Security Law and the various obstacle elections regulated by the "Reverse Infiltration Law". Therefore, in the future, as long as the "National Security Law" is recognized by the CCP and other overseas hostile forces, the substantive control of the mainland and the Hong Kong and Macao regions, the organization and groups are developing organizations in Taiwan to affect the election in illegal ways; "Instructions, entrustment or funding for political contributions, assistance, bribery, etc., the public can receive bonuses once it breaks the case.
The Ministry of Legal Affairs in Taiwan (pictured) revised the "Protection of Encouraging Election Cases", and explicitly adds to report to the "Cases of Cases" to report overseas forces and intervene in the election. (Figure/Wikipedia) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-04T11-51-00-04-00/000003.png) Taiwan Chao Ye is concerned about high bonuses to prevent overseas forces selected 
The KMT legislator Hong Mengkai publicly questioned whether the DPP was manipulating the anti -Chinese insurance platform, and the policy should not be attached to the label. Hong Mengkai believes that the election in 2024 is a joint selection of 23 million people, instead of differentiation with policy tools.
Liu Shifang, the director of the Democratic Progressive Party's Legislative Yuan party, believes that Taiwan is a democratic and rule -of -law society, and the prize money is so high. It is nothing more than reminding that if there is a bribery selection, someone will prevent someone who will come to report. "National Security Law" and reverse osmosis method don't have to worry.
Regarding some media questioning this amendment may "have a chilling effect on Taiwanese businessmen", the Taiwan media "Liberty Times" reported that Taiwan's Supreme Procuratorate instead of the Ministry of Justice stated that normal Taiwanese businessmen on both sides of the strait are involved in the elections if there is no such incompetence. Behavior, it will not constitute a crime, and it will not cause the cicada effect.
Taiwan society follows China Intervention 2024 election 
Gu Lixiong, Secretary -General of the National Security Council of Taiwan, warned in March of this March, "In recent years, the CCP's cognition and information control of Taiwan has become more intense. Taiwan will enter the stage of the president and legislators. Large -scale influence operations to interfere with our elections. "He said that in the face of this threat, the government was cautious. Taiwan ’s strategic goal is to maintain the peaceful, free, and prosperous lifestyle that to maintain the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait and ensure that the Chinese people have difficulty getting it.
Reuters disclosed last month that the National Security Report in Taiwan's internal in Taiwan found that one of the internal reports showed that in terms of objects that may receive Chinese benefits, the top positions in the list of high attention of the Taiwan government, including supporting unified uniforms, Small political parties, local people's generations, and temples that communicate with China, etc.; Another report pointed out that Beijing may also provide free Chinese tourism opportunities for Taiwanese participating in campaigns, which locked district chiefs and village chiefs.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Xu Shuting He Ping.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/hcm2-07042023090837.html 
Special report: Chinese & quot; 35 -year -old curse & quot; and workplace bottleneck 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T13:43:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:29:18-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The term "35 -year -old curse" has recently appeared in China Network, which has taken the public to express their dissatisfaction with the bottleneck of the workplace. And young people over 35 years of age have encountered age discrimination, not only cannot find a stable job, but it is also difficult to get married and have children. Information of the Associated Press Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/shehui/tj-06302023101959.html/@stream The term "35 -year -old spell" has recently appeared in China Network, and the public has expressed dissatisfaction with the bottleneck of the workplace. And young people over 35 years of age have encountered age discrimination, not only cannot find a stable job, but it is also difficult to get married and have children. Why is there a phenomenon of "35 -year -old spell"?
Chinese youth unemployment rate 20.8% hit a new high * Chinese youth chose to lie down in the third quarter of the third quarter, the number of weddings hit a new low ** Chinese women's wedding child selection After the end of China's new crowns and control policies, the economic recovery and recovery of peaceful life have become the public's expectations. However, although the seal -control policy has been lifted, the economic situation has continued to weaken for more than half a year. Not only not only insufficient consumption demand, poor housing market prosperity, but local governments are trapped in debt crisis. At the same time, the unemployment rate of young people has reached a new high in 5 years. According to the official data released in April this year, as many as 20.4%of job seekers from 16 to 24 years old are unemployed.
On the other hand, the "35 -year -old spell" phenomenon in the Chinese job search market has also attracted public opinion. When many companies are recruited, they often stipulate that they only recruit applicants under 35 years old. "35 years old" seems to have become a curse number and become an invisible restrictions on their labor market. The situation of unstable employment has further made it difficult for young people in China to establish business. ****
When overtime becomes an older Chinese age discrimination, it is becoming increasingly deteriorating 
Emma, a 39 -year -old youth who lives in China, told reporters in this interview: "In the past 10 years, the Internet industry in the mainland has developed rapidly. However, the Internet industry is often a heavy overtime industry, so they are very old to people. Very discrimination. Including companies that have become rich 10 years ago, like Huawei, I remember that when I just worked, Huawei would regularly cut off the older employees. "
A job seeker talked to a company's recruiters at the Beijing job fair. (Agence France -Presse) Emma said that since 2017 and 2018, China's economic development has stalled, and since then, there has been a "35 -year -old curse" phenomenon: "At that time, the age discrimination of the employment market has gradually begun to become very sharp, each of which Stepping discrimination, for example, you will consider whether you are going to get married and have children. "
Age discrimination makes Chinese young people dare not leave 
Mr. Chen, 34, who worked in a Chinese -state -owned enterprise cultural unit in China, told reporters that because he was afraid of re -job hunting, he did not dare to leave even if he did not like his current job: "My job has been maintained for 5 years, this is 5 years, this is for 5 years, this is for 5 years, this is for 5 years, this is for 5 years, this is for 5 years. This is 5 years. In 5 years, I did not think about going jobs, but on the one hand, because of the epidemic, the employment situation was worse and dare not move easily; on the other hand, it gradually reached the threshold of 35 years old. Seeing that when the company recruits new employees, she basically likes those young people who graduate or just work for a few years. Many friends around me are similar. "
Mr. Chen also told reporters that at the age of 35, he was admitted to the age threshold of civil servants. Therefore, after this age, job seekers will quickly depreciate in the labor market: "Why is 35 years old? Because in China, before 35 years old, you can represent you before 35. Go to the civil servant and enter the system. As a employee, he may have a retreat that you can go to the compilation of ', although it may not be able to pass the test. He immediately lost its price in the employment market. The company also understood, so all kinds of prices. I have a friend who went out to interview outside at this age, and the salary was cut half. "
According to Mr. Chen's analysis, as for his cultural industry, companies prefer young people with good physical strength, instead of paying attention to the experience value of people in their 30s: "As far as my industry is concerned, it is still in the stage of labor -intensive. The 35 -year -old professional knowledge and management experience accumulated by mature talents are not valued at all. Most of the work only requires the accumulation of labor time. Therefore, of course, companies tend to use young people who have just entered the workplace. They can pay more Labor time. "Mr. Chen pointed out that the status of unstable work has also become a hindrance to the establishment of his family in his peers: "Unstable work represents the unstable income and unstable income, and the future expectations will become worse. ","
Worried about age to become a career hinders young people in the United States for job hunting in the United States 
Ms. Wang, who was studying in Seattle, USA, also told reporters that because she was worried that Chinese age discrimination would affect her work development, she decided to retain the United States for job hunting: "When I graduated from college, although I was only 22 years old at that time, I have heard that There are many stories of (China) age discrimination. For example, in Internet companies, there will be a 'optimized' over 35 years old, that is, layoffs; and I originally wanted to apply for civil servants and government agencies at the time, but some positions would clearly explain age requirements For example, you cannot exceed 25 or 30 years old. Especially as a woman, I feel that age discrimination is even more serious. Because I do n’t want to be bound by this age discrimination, I want to have a healthier workplace environment, so I choose to study in the United States and apply for job hunting. "
Ms. Wang believes that China's current weak economy has led to poor employment situation and the incomplete labor law, which has led to the emergence of age discrimination: "As a great population country, China's labor force is too required. Especially during the epidemic period, economic development is slow, and the labor force is for labor. Little demand is. This kind of supply and demand has led to the lack of basic respect for employment in employment. People over 35 years of age can also be added. In addition, I think the incomplete labor law in China has led to the lack of legal employees. To safeguard its own rights and interests, when discrimination is discriminated, it can often only swallow the voices and promote the atmosphere of age discrimination. "
Job Fair in Zhengzhou, Henan Province (Agence France -Presse) Chinese 35 -year -old youth was informed by the company "no age competitiveness" 
Mr. Ge, who works in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, told the station that he was laid off in 2021. Because of his age, he experienced a difficult job search process at the time: "At the end of 21, I had an unemployment experience. At that time When the epidemic began to be closed. The problem I was facing in the job. The first is that my age is not competitive. HR (human capital) said directly that during the job search process, my age is too old. Second, HR does not shy away to ask me the economic situation directly. Will there be a mortgage and family life? "
Mr. Ge pointed out that because of the epidemic, Chinese companies generally do not hold offline recruitment, but there are many false information on the online job search platform, which makes it difficult to get job hunting: "In my job search process, many positions have actually recruited 2 and 3 It ’s actually a false job. In order to make a profit, these Internet platforms are about false recruitment and recruitment violence. The platform side has no human and energy to do it. There is a big problem with social integrity." * 
?
Generally speaking, 35 -year -old young people often have more work experience, but why do Chinese companies prefer to hire "fresh people"? Hua Haifeng, an investigator of the China Labor Observation Organization, told reporters in an interview that Chinese companies preferred fresh people who had just leaned out of society because these people had low salary and better management.
A young man in a professional introduction in Shanghai. (Agence France -Presse) Hua Haifeng said that many 35 -year -old young people have become families as an example. The requirements for salary and living standards are higher: "(youth over 35 years old) may not be able to meet them, and young people are even more. It is easy to manage, because their experience in society is not so rich. Therefore, for manufacturing, ordinary positions are more inclined to hire young people. "
Hua Haifeng also said that the appearance of the "35 -year -old spell" is also related to China's current economic downturn: "Of course, there will be problems in this regard in the past few years, but not as obvious now, because there are more jobs before, The demand for manpower is also relatively large, and enterprises do not have much selection and restrictions on manpower. In recent years, the lack of positions in recent years will become more and more obvious. "
In response to the "35 -year -old spell" problem in the Chinese workplace, independent economist Qin Weiping also believes that after 35 years of age, many people have a family business and need more stable income guarantee. For Chinese enterprises, they are an increase in operating costs: "From the perspective of reducing operating costs by enterprises, they are open, semi -open, and default to recruit young people under 35 years old; on the other hand Young people are easier to manage because they lack social experience and are more likely to be forced to work overtime by enterprises. "
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan's reporter Sun Cheng, Wang Yun, and Kaidi have contributed to this report: He Ping.com editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/tj-06302023101959.html 
German media: Is security and prosperity be more important? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-04T14:21:00Z
Description: US Treasury Secretary Yellen is about to visit China. The New Zurich is called on the United States and China to reduce confrontation and strengthen cooperation, because economic prosperity is also part of national security. "Economic Weekly" published a customer comments from the Vice Chairman of the Democratic Party of the German Federal Palace, and also believed that the two sides of Germany and China need to maintain a dialogue.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '耶伦', '美国财长', '国家安全', '德中关系', '欧中关系', '德国议员']
Id: 66112939
U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen is about to visit China. Can they enhance mutual trust between the two countries?
(Voice of Germany) Switzerland "New Zurich" with " cooperation can also bring security -confrontation attitude is dangerous "As the title, US Treasury Secretary Yellen is about to visit China Publishing comments pointed out that Washington and Beijing now lead the "national security" to dominate US -China relations. Such a posture will only make the world more poorer and unsafe. The author calls on the two parties to adopt a practicalist strategy to carry out cooperation based on economic rationality.
"Since Trump has opened a trade war against China, the confrontation between the United States and China has been in danger. After the Bayeng government took office, he did not cancel the punishment tariff on China. And restricted direct investment. Both sides are talking about decoupling, and the army of the two countries has repeatedly passed by in the Taiwan Strait.
"China under the rule of Xi Jinping requires more and more nationalist voices. Xi Jinping hopes to independently stand independently in the economic and political aspects and strengthen military power. The Spy Act and the Data Security Act have further caused China to be closed. "
Expert: The opposition state "brings damage to the US -China economy" 
"U.S. consumers and companies are paying a high price of trade protectionism in Washington. After the cancellation of epidemic control measures, Chinese companies still fail to be prosperous. China's economy is panting, and the unemployment rate of young people has climbed to 20%of the worry. Beijing's leadership must be interested in better economic and trade relations. "
The author believes that excessive emphasis on security theory does not make the world more secure, but is more tense. "The mutual implication of trade and investment is not enough to be a guarantee of peace-Russia. Russia is an example. However, it can at least increase the probability of mutual cooperation and the threshold and cost of mutual opposition. The Chinese government, which is a promise of getting rich and facing heavy pressure, will be more likely to provoke a military conflict than an economical successful Chinese government. "
"Over the past few decades, global division of labor is likely to be the most important prosperous helper. On the contrary, it is a very high -cost policy as much as possible. Moreover, global risks such as climate change cannot pass this method. Come to deal with. "
"Security not only covers the field of military and sovereignty. Security also needs cooperation. Economic rational and economic prosperity can not only make our lives more comfortable, but also make it safer. Of course, we should not face Beijing too well. More requires peers and more compromises in international occasions. However, US Treasury Secretary Yellen visit China. The outside world is looking forward to mutual concessions and specific results. Acknowledging differences, on the other hand, we are also committed to more cooperation and mutual trust. This can make the world more secure. "
The photovoltaic power generation board produced in China has almost monopolized the global market
The "Economic Weekly" published by Dusseldorf ** The title "China is the world's power and the warning of our warning", and published the Vice Chairman of the Democratic Party of the German Federal Persons Hero(VerenaHubertz)Written a customer comment. Not long ago, she Following the Democratic Party of the same society, Klins Bayer(Lars Klingbeil)I visited China together Essence The article wrote:
"The most difficult point in the itinerary is: China maintains a avoidance attitude towards Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Obviously, we Germany believes that China is also responsible for defending international law and further impacting influence on Russia. Change. There is no country and no land is the backyard of other countries. Of course, this principle is also applicable to the Taiwan Strait relations, which should be maintained in a peaceful Chinese policy framework. If the dispute is upgraded to a military conflict, it will change it will change everything."
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Feng Delin Think Tank Speech 
On March 30, 2023, the Chairman of the European Commission Feng Delin gave a speech in English in the event hosted by the two European think tanks in Brussels. She pointed out that the economic relations between China and Europe are becoming increasingly unbalanced. The practice of "clearly integrating the military and business sectors" in China brings risks to European security. Therefore Use existing tools to safeguard European economic interests. "The relationship between us is not black or white, and our answers cannot be the case. Therefore, we must focus on de-Risking instead of deciring."
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
New keywords for China relations 
Feng Derine's speech has received great attention. The saying "risk" also began to be cited by the media and politicians in Germany and the United States. The New York Times believes that this statement is a new summary of the European Union's relations with China. German and French diplomats have since promoted the concept of "de -risk" in international organizations and reflected it in the statement of the G7 Summit of the Hiroshima G7 summit in May of that year. In the content. The German Mirror Weekly pointed out that Feng Delin hopes to retain space on the words, which is different from the "decourse" used in the United States for a period of time.
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Dependence is a "good choice"? 
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Shawrtz is the initial figurine? 
Some German media noticed that it was not Feng Delin, but the German Chancellor Salz that was the first to publicly use the word "de -risk". In November 2022, the German "Star" magazine (Stern) quoted his relying on the Chinese industrial chain in a report before Salz's visit to China: "Risks and diversification are the top priority." But At the time, this statement did not attract special public opinion.
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Financial term 
The term "de-Risking" is not a new invention, but a term in the financial industry that refers to the contraction or termination of transactions in banks or investors to reduce the risk of paying contracts. In January 2023, the Chairman of the European Executive Committee Feng Delin also stated at the World Economic Forum that although the EU needs to "cooperate with China and trade", it still needs to amend the direction of business transactions with China and seek to seek this world with this world. The second largest economy "reduces risks, not decoupling."
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Sha Liwen: Free of stress 
Officials in Washington also began to use the "risk" expression. At the end of April this year, Jakesullivan, a US national security adviser, said in a speech at the Brukinson Society in Washington, saying, "Risk of risk means an effective supply chain with elasticity and ensure that we will not be coerced by any country." " We just need to ensure that the technology of the United States and the allies will not be used to deal with ourselves, "instead of cutting off trade. He emphasized that" as President Feng Delin said recently. "
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Consensus on the Atlantic Ocean 
The German "Business Daily" pointed out that on this issue, Feng Delin, German Chancellor Shulz, and US national security adviser Su Liwen have obviously formed a consensus. "Different from the" decoustal "is that the purpose of" risk "is not to be economical in economics, but to enhance Europe's own economic pressure resistance."
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
G7 Summit Yu Yin 
After the Hiroshima G7 Summit in May, British Prime Minister Sonak (second from left) told the media that other countries in the United Kingdom and G7 groups were looking for methods to reduce the challenges brought by China. "All of this is about risk, not decoupling." He added: "We (the Seven Kingdoms Group) is taking measures to prevent China from using economic coercion to interfere with sovereign affairs in other countries."
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Beijing: Don't "Learn the Tongue" 
Beijing, which was very dissatisfied with the G7 meeting, had a fierce reaction. The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs (pictured) previously stated on the G7 bulletin: "For the so -called" economic stress ", the United States engaged in unilateral sanctions and 'detachable chains' is the true' coercion" of political and trade relations. We advise the Seven Kingdoms Group not to do the same conspiracy and accomplices of economic coercion. "
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
强 强 强 
Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang said at the opening ceremony of the World Economic Forum (WEF) "Summer Davos Forum" held in Tianjin on June 27, saying: "Now in the West, some people are hype, so -called 'dependence, risks to risks' , I think to a certain extent, these two sentences are a pseudo -proposition. "He believes that risk control should be" corporate to make corresponding judgments and choices ". Risk expansion, politicalization, and ideology "will be extended.
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
String into the European Union's strategy to China 
The common policy for China is also an important issue at the EU summit ended on June 30. Summit jointly stated that it will support the continued economic and trade relations with China while reducing Europe's economic dependence on China. "Risk of Risk" officially appeared in this statement and became a concept. In the future, the European Union will use it as a guidance policy to launch a strategy to China. However, some criticisms have stated that the "de -risk" currently expressed by the European Union still lacks specific plans and responsibilities.
"Although there are a lot of virtues differences , But in response to many challenges in the world today, it is inseparable from China's participation. This is also very clear, especially in terms of climate protection, arms control, 2030 sustainable development agenda. For Germany, China is the most important trading partner outside the European Union. For China, the European market is equally significant. Both sides are export -oriented economies, so the rules -based international trade is in line with the interests of European and China. "
"Especially exciting is the comprehensive transformation of climate neutrality. In the fields of solar energy, Chinese technology is far ahead. Without Chinese technology products, our energy transformation cannot be advanced enough. Therefore, Germany, Germany It is a good signal to establish a regular climate dialogue mechanism and continue to carry out environmental cooperation at the government level. "
"This trip to China makes us more convinced: China and Asia will play a key role in the future international order. And our German demands and contributions are still: continue to make constructive and critical dialogue."
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or point of view of the Voice of Germany 
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：安全与繁荣-孰轻孰重？/a-66112939?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Meta plan to return to China but obstacles 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T14:56:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:12:02-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 September 23, 2015. Xi Jinping (middle) meet with Facebook founder Zuckerberg(Mark Zuckerberg) Associated Press Picture
Facebook founder Zuckerberg(Mark Zuckerberg)It is planned to return its company META to China. According to the US "Wall Street Journal" report, Zuckerberg asked his men to study virtual reality (VR) headsets two years ago that since Apple can sell mobile phones in China, Tesla can sell cars, why why can Tesla sell cars? Meta cannot sell equipment in China.
At present, META is planning to sell its head -of -wear equipment in China, and has discussed the issue of returning to China with Chinese technology companies including Tencent and made progress.
However, sources believe that Chinese officials may still have doubts about Zackberg. Zuckerberg had previously accused China of stealing technology and criticized the parent company of Tiktok, a short video sharing platform.
Meta's predecessor was banned in China in 2009 because of refusing to abide by Beijing's review. The plan to return to China and the potential partners negotiated with META reminded that the content of virtual reality equipment may be supervised in China.
(Responsible editor: Wang Yun)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-07042023145613.html 
Is the Japanese economic predicament from the "decline of the balance sheet"? (Free version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-04T23:08:16+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:06:99+08:00
Description: Xia Chun: By comparing the different analysis of the decline in Japan and other celebrities, this article strengthens our understanding of the root cause of the Japanese economy, and can see the Chinese economic difficulties and find solutions.
Images: [" 000181303_pic... ", " 000186458_pic... ", " 000186457_pic... ", " 000186455_pic... ", " 000186454_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['资产负债表衰退', '日本经济', '中国经济', '货币政策']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
In 1990, the Japanese economic bubble was shattered, and then fell into the "lost ten years" (the similar situation has lasted thirty years). Gu Chaoming, chief economist at the Institute of Ohuna Institute of Ohuna Institute in 2003, explained a unique "BALANCE-SHEETRECESSION" theory. What really made him famous is that over the years after the outbreak of the global financial crisis in 2008, the United States and Europe are still difficult to get rid of the economic downturn under the stimulus of the policy. Gu consciously found a key to understand the cause of great decline and depression, and has touched the "Holy Grail" in the Macroeconomics Hall.
Domestic publishing houses have translated and published three works of Gu Chaoming- "Big decline", "Big Recession" and "Repent". The writing is smooth and the viewers are consistent. Praise the public. Around the period of strict control of the epidemic, Gu's name and theory began to see the media frequently. Recently, he was invited to comment on China's economic difficulties and how to learn from Japanese experience.
In August last year, I criticized its theory with the requirements of the "Holy Grail" level (that is, high academic standards), but now when I think about it, the flaws are not covered. Gu's amendment can be regarded as a classic and widely recommended. But I read Gu's latest English book "PURSUEEDECONOMY"(The economically chased economy is the update version of "Big Times"), I once again admire their writing and refining, and further realize the lack of their views, so I conceived this article, hoping to compare the different analysis of the decline of Japan and other celebrities, and strengthen our understanding of the root cause of the Japanese economy. , And see the economic difficulties of China, find the way to solve.
What is the "balance sheet decline theory"? 
The Japanese stock market and real estate fell sharply after seeing the top in 1990 and 1991. The annual growth rate of Japan's GDP was not only significantly lower than the past, but also significantly lower than other developed economies at the same time. By early 2000, it was generally regarded as "losing the loss Ten years, then "Ten Years" became "twenty years" and "thirty years".
 However, in the past two decades, the global economic experience has repeatedly hit the crisis, and the major economies have fallen into a low -growth environment. Therefore, the cause of why the first decade was lost is full of challenging. At present, the number one is widely accepted is that Japan's aging is serious. The proportion of population (15-64 years old) has fallen in 1992. It uses this group to calculate the per capita GDP performance. The number of hired people calculates the per capita GDP, and Japan is significantly behind. We must dig in depth why this more common indicator of labor productivity is not good in Japan?
 The two major explanations are serious structural problems in the Japanese industry and the problem of serious loan mismatch in banks. Interestingly, Gu's opening chapters in the "Great Recession" assumes that readers are familiar with "structural theory" and "wrong accessories" (Chinese readers may not understand, later introduced in detail), and after quickly criticizing criticism, they put forward their own new explanations: Debtoverhang brought by the bubble burst, which caused the family and enterprises to be destroyed, and the family began to reduce food and shrink. The period ("Yin Economy") "minimizes debt", even if the bank interest rate drops to zero, the company only repay debts and does not borrow money from the bank (the "liquidity trap" envisaged by Kanes). The economic recession cannot rely on monetary policy to solve it. At this time, it can only be the government's borrowing of bonds to borrow the savings of the people to help everyone spend money. As a result, although Japan's GDP growth rate decreased after 1990, the total amount of GDP still increased most of the time.
 In terms of data, the financial surplus of Japanese families (asset minus liabilities) accounted for GDP ratio to decline in 1993, while enterprises (including financial institutions) shifted from reducing financial deficit state to surplus status. The government's financial surplus has continued to this day after 1993 (see the figure below). Gu's performance of Japanese economic downturn from 1991-2006 was "decline in balance sheets", but after 2008, this form of decline appeared again in Japan, the United States and Europe.
For those who are familiar with macro analysis, as soon as they see the changes in these balance sheets, they will immediately think of changes in debt accounts for GDP ratio, which is almost consistent in essence (the enterprises in the figure below do not include financial institutions).
 In other words, Japanese families, especially companies, began to deleveraging under the backlog of debt in the mid -1990s. The government's leverage has achieved macro -stabilization leverage. After 2008, the total leverage has been further raised. Similar phenomena also occurred in the United States (mainly family deleveraging) after 2008. Gu recently said that Chinese companies have gradually compressed to close to zero after 2016, which is obviously reflected in the drawing as a depending on. The "decline of the balance sheet" can be renamed "deleveraging decline".
It is particularly emphasized that Gu believes that Japan has experienced the cumulative loss of wealth in the stock market (80%withdrawn from high points) and real estate (87%of commercial real estate (87%). The fiscal policy is indispensable, and it can be called "Japanese miracle." In his initial and latest books, only three times mentioned "the decade of lost ten years" and made it clear that he disagreed. This is his most obvious difference (others usually develop from Japanese science Obtaining the Nobel Prize and other angles to demonstrate that there is no "30 years lost" in Japan).
This is the way to demonstrate the "Japanese miracle". If everyone consumes clothes and shrinks food, and spend more money and less consumption, it will lead to a synthesis fallacy that Kanes is called "frugal paradox". If the total income of everyone in the economy is 1,000 yuan, everyone has 10%of everyone, and no one borrows, GDP will fall into a declined spiral: from 900 yuan to 810 yuan, continuing to the end to stay at 500 yuan may be all 500 yuan. It can be seen that the government has spent great contributions to everyone.
Four key issues of Gu's theory First, refer to the stock price, house prices and GDP during the US Great Depression, the maximum retracement of 89%, 67%and 46%of the failure experience. Gu believes that Japan's GDP has not followed the loss of wealth to be a miracle. However, after Hong Kong fell 56%and 68%of the stock market and real estate from 1997 to 2003, the maximum retracement of GDP was only 9%. After the housing price stock price fell in 2008 in many countries in the United States and Europe, GDP was very limited. GDP decline is not a one -to -one relationship. From 1991-1997, the active performance of GDP in Japan (the largest decline in stock prices and housing prices also occurred in the same period) more thanks to corporate investment and family consumption boom, not government fiscal power Increasing, but it is generally regarded by Japanese economists as the effect of not obvious effects, see below). Because Gu rarely directly presents home consumption and enterprise investment data, readers cannot master these simple facts. In addition, Gu has never reviewed the formation of the foam of Japanese stock prices and housing prices, and its works are of lack of reference for other countries to prevent bubble lack of reference. On the contrary, other works (such as Mian and SUFI's "Housing Debt") repeatedly emphasized that the excessive increase of families and enterprises will almost cause economic recession. The higher the leverage, the longer the recession period, the deeper.
Second, Gu's "maximizing profit" from the "profit" of corporate preferences (targets) to the "minimization of debt" when the "profit" when the "yin economy" was shifted to the "yin economy" is the most original part of his discussion, but it is just right. It was the focus of my criticism last year. Although this description is conducive to the understanding and memory of ordinary readers, it is absolutely a way to explain the phenomenon of changing the preferences of the economic subject to explain the phenomenon. Not only that, one of the most widely known findings is that when the company faces the backlog of debt backlogs under the goal of maximizing profits, the optimal approach is to reduce borrowing and reduce investment (Myrs1977, and the reference rate is Nobel Prize level). Similarly, when the family faces the rise in uncertainty, it will increase the "preventive savings" (only once appeared once), reducing debt, which is also the result of maximizing profits (equivalent to utility). changed.
Economists' deep understanding of important phenomena is mainly reflected in the understanding of "constraints". For example, under the backlog of debt, as long as some people face the decrease in the amount of debt, it will trigger others to reduce consumption or investment, or increase prevention prevention Sexual savings, lowering total demand and economic growth In the case of the gap between the rich and the poor, the increase in liability demand will lower the interest rate. The adaptive loose monetary policy will bring debt -driven asset bubbles. In the end 2021). In addition, Huo and Rios-RULL(2013)It also gives the "frugal paradox" three approximately invalid conditions in the mainstream models of the macroeconomic model. These results come from the maximum preference of the economic subject, and the explanation of economic recession is deeper than Gu Gu's theory. Of course, the flaws are not covered. If it is a little modified by these works, it is still very valuable for us to understand the big decline in Japan. After all, Gu also vividly described the phenomenon of corporate reduction in debt, banks tolerance, and economists ignored the phenomenon of corporate "balance sheets" (see pp. 36-37 of "Big recession").
Third, Gu repeatedly emphasized that after the interest rate of the Bank of Japan, companies are still unwilling to borrow money as the strongest evidence of preference to become "minimized debt". In fact, a more likely causal relationship is that the company is more willing to save and pay debt to the reason why the interest rate is continuously lowered under the backlog of debt. Banks adopt interest rate cuts to adapt to this economic fundamental change. In fact, the core reason for Japan and the United States has not brought high growth and high inflation is the "Saveglut". Recently, the controversy of whether the central bank should cut interest rate cuts has also reflected that many economists still have fuzzy things about such causal relationships.
Fourth, if the above evaluation is too academic, ordinary readers do not need to care, then I must point out that Gu's analysis is too macro, regarding all enterprises (including financial institutions) as the same subject. It is the biggest disadvantage that hinders readers to understand the truth of Japan (I believe that Gu has a deep understanding of Japanese companies, but only gives macro scenes for simplified writing and convenience science). The policy suggestions given by the chaos analysis are likely to bring the consequences of "South Orange and North".
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100156 
Has the equity dispute began to re -active? (Free version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-04T23:08:40+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:08:99+08:00
Description: Zheng Zhigang: It is not entirely a bad thing to take over the threat of equity. The emergence of them means: Is there any shortcomings in the management and management of listed companies? Is it to be improved and improved?
Images: [" 000126206_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '股权纷争', '关注']
Keywords: ['股权纷争', '公司治理', '上市公司']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
At the Tongji Science and Technology Annual Shareholders Conference held on June 28, 17 proposals such as the 2022 Annual Report and its abstracts and its summary of the "2022 annual report and its abstract" and the 2022 board work report were not passed. Previously, on May 17, 21 proposals of the Gorgeous Family did not be approved at the company's 2022 annual shareholders' meeting. The Jiaotong University Angli and Mengjie have also appeared in some voting proposals and other phenomena.
So, how do you think of the current frequent equity disputes in China's capital market?
First, the recent appearance of listed companies' equity disputes is the further manifestation of the internal logic of China's capital market that has entered the era of decentralized equity since 2015.
Beginning in 2015, the average shareholding ratio of the largest shareholders of Chinese listed companies has been lower than the logo "one -vote veto" and 1/3 of the relative controlling stake. What does this mean for the Chinese capital market? That is, from the perspective of trend, more and more equity disputes in China's capital market will occur, and even barbarians invade. In 2015, Vanke Baoneng's equity disputes and 2016 Nandu A board of directors were "blood washing" and other incidents were not accidental. These were the manifestations and reactions of the development of the capital market in the development of the capital market under the trend of equity decentralization. Therefore, I summarized this special change trend of the equity structure of China's capital market after 2015 into the era of decentralized equity in the Chinese capital market. Over the years, the governance meaning of a special company has brought about the different previous unique companies around the era of diversified equity in the era of diversified equity in the capital market. A degree of academic monographs in the "Different Equity Corporation: Theoretical and Evidence".
Therefore, in my opinion, the equity disputes between Tongji Technology and the Gorgeous Family today are just a few small waves under the trend.
One of the facts that I have to mention is that after 2016, the equity disputes in China's capital market did not have the fierceness of my initial expectations, and it came rapidly. The reason is complicated. Or it is related to the insufficient activity of the capital market, or it is related to regulatory specifications, and even related to the prevention and control of the epidemic and economic downturn.
However, as the general law of the development of the capital market, when a capital market enters the era of decentralized equity, there will be a large number of equity disputes, which does not seem to change. The only thing that can change is to delay this trend. A recent wave of new waves of equity disputes shows that this trend has begun to evolve in accordance with the laws of development inherent in the capital market. Of course, as I expected in the future, as I expected, the new wave of equity disputes has yet to be observed.
Secondly, in the case of coexistence of multiple shareholders with a low shareholding ratio of Chinese listed companies, there are differences between major shareholders around specific bills, and even the disputes are actually normal, and the collective voting mechanism of the existing shareholders' general meeting is also the collective voting mechanism. It provides a natural and legal way to solve the above disputes.
It should be noted that even in the company that has occurred in equity disputes, major shareholders and second shareholders, and even other small and medium shareholders, the interests conflict are commercial interests, which are easier to achieve consistent compared with political conflicts, cultural conflicts and religious conflicts. Because the fundamental business interests of the shareholders are consistent, if a proposal can make the company value and increase the return of shareholders, it must mean that the major shareholders can benefit large shareholders and other shareholders. Oppose, unless he is crazy.
In particular, the appearance of the largest shareholders and the second largest shareholder often helps to change the situation of a "one word" situation in the past, and avoid the wrong judgment and made by the wrong judgment of cognitive deviations and chaos. Mistake decision. Therefore, the equity structure of checks and balances often helps to form a commercial democratic situation, becoming an automatic error correction mechanism, which returns the company's decision -making to create more value for the company, and return to the correct decision to return more dividends for shareholders. Essence And equity disputes are just extreme reactions of different opinions of shareholders.
In addition to avoiding a word of words, automatic error correction is formed. Due to the checks and balances of the second largest shareholder, the main shareholders use tunnels to excavate and transfer corporate resources, and the behavior of damaging shareholders' interests will also be effectively suppressed.
Due to the two aspects of the above two aspects, we sometimes observe that when those companies that have equity disputes, when two major shareholders propose relevant proposals around their respective interests, the interests of small and medium shareholders will often get better and true. Protect. As the unreasonable bill proposed by the second largest shareholder will be rejected under the leadership of the largest shareholders, the unreasonable bill proposed by the largest shareholders may also be rejected under the leadership of the second largest shareholder. As a result, regardless of the largest shareholder or the second largest shareholder, the only proposal proposed by all shareholders will not be opposed to all shareholders. It can only start from the interests of all shareholders. In the theory and practice of corporate governance, we call it a compromised effect. In the above sense, for companies with the second largest shareholder of the largest shareholder, although there is a possibility of outbreak of equity disputes, such equity check -in companies have investment value. Although in the short term, equity disputes will convey a stagnant signal to the capital market into a stalemate business, and the stock price may fluctuate.
Therefore, if the second largest shareholders actively participate in corporate governance by proposing relevant proposals, the largest shareholders not only have no reason to refuse, but on the contrary, she should see her value. Internal shareholders hold acceptance and even encourage attitudes.
It is also important that the platform of Hyundai Co., Ltd. provides a natural and legal way for shareholders to resolve the conflict of commercial interests. That is to determine whether a proposal is finally approved by the majority of the shareholders at the shareholders' general meeting. Anyone has no right to unilaterally change the results of the shareholders' meeting resolution. The reason is that a shareholder holding a larger shareholder will suffer more losses because of supporting a wrong proposal, unless he is "spending other people's money and doing other people's affairs."
Maybe we should see the existence of equity disputes in the important role in the healthy development of a country's capital market. In the mature capital market, the threat of external taking over is precisely such a improvement of external forces of the corporate governance structure. For the protection of investors' rights and interests, to promote investors to invest more in the capital market, and then promote the prosperity of the capital market to play an irreplaceable role. Essence However, for the operators of many companies, investors in many capital markets are still accustomed to step -by -step and calmness in the traditional "independent" governance model, and many of their concepts still stay at that historical stage. Therefore, what we need in the future is to change the concept and raise awareness. We realize that equity disputes will become the normal state of the capital market, which will be open, tolerant, and even welcome to equity disputes.
Third, if an innovative -oriented high -tech company believes that it is indeed necessary to dominate major decisions by the entrepreneurial team to avoid falling into equity disputes, and to misunderstand business opportunities, it can strengthen the company's control through moderate company governance system arrangements.In addition to the consistent action agreement, in order to achieve the purpose of strengthening corporate control in corporate governance practice, there are also some effective but controversial methods. For example, the major shareholders exceeded the non -independent directors in the board of directors, increasing the influence and discourse rights of the company's board of directors, and even the chairman of the chairman assigned by the major shareholders as the CEO, etc. The shareholding plan, etc., bind the interests of employees and major shareholders through the employee shareholding plan; and so on.
For innovative -oriented high -tech companies that have not yet been listed, in order to avoid in the future, they can take the initiative to choose to issue AB dual -equity structure stocks directly, or form a "different rights" structure in disguise by launching a partnership system and limited partnership framework. Different rights of the same shares of the entrepreneurial team that the right to configure the voting right means that it is difficult for other shareholders to change the will of the entrepreneurial team of holding categories of stocks. After the establishment of the Innovation Board in 2019, the Chinese capital market also began to accept and the issue of the stock structure stocks of AB dual equity structure. In January 2020, China AB's first Youkodi Technology, which issued AB shares, was listed on the science and technology Banming Gong.
In the "Disposter Equity Age Company Governance Observation Trilogy" I wrote, the first part was "From Vanke to Ali: The Advent of Dispenseful Equity Age" published by Peking University in 2017. Why do I connect Vanke and Ali? Vanke issued traditional shares and equity. After entering the era of decentralized equity, in order to cope with Baoneng's cards, it was once burnt and tired. At the same time, Ali in the same period due to the stable control arrangement formed by the partnership system, for There is no need to worry about the invasion of barbarians, and you can concentrate on the innovation of business models.
From the previous discussion, it is not difficult for us to see that equity disputes and even taking over threats are not completely bad. The emergence of them will just make a wake up from time to time to our listed company: Is there any shortcomings in our business and management? Is it to be improved and improved?
If the structure of the same shares of the same stock is simply formed, the threat of external takeover is excluded, and at the same time, there is no internal error correction mechanism and culture similar to the Ali partnership system. It is the disaster on the top.
(This article only represents the author's point of view. Editor -in -chief email: tao.feng@ftchinese.com)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100153 
Professional Revelation of the College Entrance Examination: How to affect life (free version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-04T23:09:22+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:09:99+08:00
Description: This force: The popular professional changes are "turbulent feng shui" on the surface, which are fundamentally supply and demand, and there is no eternal white horse or Tiankeng. If information knowledge and energy are not enough, it is easy to be misled by individual cases.
Images: [" 000152293_pic... "]
Themes: ['高考', '关注']
Keywords: ['高考', '专业', '志愿', '经济学', '决策']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
One day, the phone rang, and I took the phone to see, and was an old classmate who hadn't contacted for a long time. I remember when she contacted me last time, it was a great time for the last round of house prices to rise. She asked me if I should buy a house. Of course I suggest that she buy it, and she can do what she can. She also listened to my suggestions. She should have obtained it, and then there was no news.
As the saying goes, "Everything is on the Three Treasure Hall." After answering the phone, I knew that this time she was willing to report to the children of the college entrance examination and sought my opinion.
As educators, this time there will always be similar calls for relatives and friends every year, most of which want to get a relatively advantageous result on a relatively unsuccessful score. As usual, I carefully asked, "Which school is the child going to report?"
"Peking University", the familiar sound came from the phone was a little strange.
As soon as I encountered a super -out test question, I thought: What is the question that you can answer the children of other people at Peking University?
"I don't know what to report!This child likes chemistry and has won the Awards of the Olympic Chemistry, but I heard that this major is particularly difficult to employ. It is called one of the four major Tiankeng majors!"
I understand here. Poor parents in the world, no matter how high the child score is, filling in the college entrance examination volunteer is a world problem with a super high difficulty factor. And candidates with clear goals will inevitably form a very prominent advantage and clear intention. This is proud and doubtful.
Parents will inevitably worry that what he loves is a promising occupation. After all, most children will not naturally love actuarial and dentist and other unsuccessful high -paying majors. Moreover, the enthusiasm of niche majors such as archeology, meteorology, literature, and social work may make children look like the potential of being stuck.
Therefore, under such concerns of "a long time hate", candidates' parents have no time to avoid most of the liberal arts majors. Even "biochemical, chemistry, environment, materials" and other initial employment majors are also called "Tiankeng". What is even more embarrassing is that computers, information technology, finance, etc. seem to be very beautiful, and seem to be crisis. According to the "Research Report on Employment Difficulties" released by Zhilian Recruitment, the three majors of the most difficult employment situation during the reporting period are accounting, information technology and information systems, and computers. These majors are recognized as white horse stocks in everyone's minds, and some are also listed by Teacher Zhang Xuefeng, who became famous for the college entrance examination volunteer to fill in the consultation.
Fortunately, I have recently participated in a series of small and micro enterprises research and EMBA student interviews. I was fortunate to get some fresh information of some cases, but there was a certain persuasive information.
Among the companies participating in the survey, there are mainstream industries such as supply chain, the Internet, food and beverages, and health products, but the most impressive impression on me is a new material company in Guangzhou. The company is a startup that has been established for less than 10 years, and its products are used for daily chemical products, cosmetics, coatings, inks, etc. It was also uncomfortable within a few years after its establishment in 2016, but under the impact of trade war, epidemic, etc., it maintained a rapid growth of the trend and became a supplier of many well -known brands. And the most proud of the founders is that their independently developed products successfully achieved "domestic alternatives". In the past few years, the overseas supply chain was blocked, these breakthroughs won important market share for enterprises. Therefore, they have the confidence to contribute to employees' shares and send Mercedes -Benz cars. At the end of the hearts of layout, bankruptcy, etc., these performances are exciting and even jealous. The founder also specifically mentioned the chemistry he is called "Tiankeng". Because his alma mater was in Guangzhou, they often gathered in the same class in Sui. According to his understanding, everyone's life is still moist, and it will look more and more moisturizing.
Xu was accidental, but the later interview experience surprised me even more. Among the 7 EMBA interviewees I participated, one of the largest applicants in the enterprise is also an entrepreneur in the field of new materials. Unlike the previous one, the entrepreneur is engaged in "other non -metal products manufacturing". He did not seem to take the college entrance examination, but in practice, he was able to learn his talents. From the technicians of the power supply office and the electric stone factory, he obtained dozens of patents in terms of calcium carbonate. The Ministry is identified as a talent for science and technology entrepreneurship, and the "10,000 Plan" of the national high -level talents in high -level talents. This shows that the field of new materials not only does not necessarily bury talents, but there may be a greater probability that the unknown person stands out.
Although these above are all cases, it should not be the basis for the "night view of heaven", but it is enough to show that some of the fatal prejudice in the volunteer in the college entrance examination can be rest.
The reason is that the college entrance examination has changed its professional changes. On the surface, "Feng Shui turns", but the supply and demand relationship is basically changing. If the school's professional setting and candidates fill in the long -term pursuit of volunteer, and the social demand cannot keep up with the continuous supply supply, maybe the situation will be very different at the time of graduation. Samuelson, a master of contemporary neoclassical comprehensive factions and famous economists, said: As long as you teach a parrot to say "supply" and "demand", it can become economists. It shows how important the laws and laws of demand and supply are in economics. Therefore, people who chase high are often more likely to be harvested in the stock market. The reverse investment master, John Denpton, once said: "People always ask me where the situation will become better, but this is a wrong question. The correct question is: Where is the worst?"
Moreover, under the "unscrupulous change in the world", the impact and impact of various major factors such as globalization and geopolitics are endless. National economic and industrial policies also have significant strategic adjustments. These variables are deeply changing the relationship between supply and demand of various talents.
Therefore, in the professional choice, there is no eternal white horse, and there is no eternal pit. However, in people's actual judgment and decision -making, it is often easy to enter the main focus and be affected by the first impression. This is called anchoring effect in behavioral economics. It was originally proposed by the Nobel Prize winner Daniel Caniman that it was necessary to use certain value as a starting value when a quantitative estimate of a certain event was required. In reality, it is confirmed that people will unconsciously give excessive attention to the original information, and they will use this information as the benchmark to collect information that supports this information. Therefore, if there is a wrong fragmented information interference, it is likely that the later analysis and decision -making is to strengthen itself with a comprehensive self -enhancement. If based on this and deducting the long -term interest and advantages of the child, then it is really a pity and cruel thing. Caniman said well in the book "Noise": "Noise" is random, but it is fatal.
Moreover, the less you know the same thing, the more susceptible to the anchor point in the anchor effect. For example, the overestimation of financial majors may be because the children of the neighbor's house happened to be in a star fund company and the occupational aura brought by hundreds of thousands of annual salary. But in fact, this treatment does not represent the overall level of financial institutions. Moreover, finance itself is a periodic industry, and the momentum of "overcapacity" and salary reduction has currently appeared.If the child is not particularly keen on professionalism and preferences, then this decision is relatively simple, and there is still a process of choosing again later. If the college entrance examination candidates have a firm direction and have been clearly displayed, then in his future study career and career development, there is still uncertainty, giving up this choice will bring huge opportunity costs. And it is difficult to look back once you give up. There is another difficulty here -the losses that people feel after losing will be higher than their actual value, so it is difficult to give up what they own. This is called endowment effect in economics and psychology. Because of the existence of endowment effects, changing horses in the battlefield is often dragged by a horse that he is not good at, and it is likely to have a high probability that the stock exchange is high.
Taking 10,000 steps, for anyone, enthusiasm is precious, and love is scarce. To be honest, when I went to interview young people, the first thing that valued was: whether there was vitality, enthusiasm, and whether he loved his career and career. These traits fundamentally determine a person's long -term development potential and space.
And continuously doing what you like is conducive to planning your own lifestyle with a longer -term perspective, and often gradually gain greater control and freedom. Morgan Houzel's "Money Psychology" summarizes the factors of this economic decision -making as "invisible return". He wrote in the book, "The competition in an intelligence has been heated, and many old technologies have been replaced by automation technology. The competitive advantage has begun to turn to a more subtle software level, such as communication skills, empathy ability, and ability to empathize, and The most important point -personal flexibility ".
"The years are long, only love can reach." From the perspective of economics, the scarcity of the most scarce attention is constantly devoted in a longer -term and more love direction, in order to resist all kinds of impact and boring, always occupy initiative and flexibility, make yourself scarce, and can also be more scarce. Really possess a life of autonomy and richness.
_ Note: This article only represents the author's personal point of view. Benqi is the policy researcher of the Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen) Higher Financial Research Institute, the executive editor -in -chief of the "Hong Kong International Financial Review", and the author of "Entrepreneurship Ethics". _ _ _ 吧 _
Editor of this article Xu Jin jin.xu@ftchinese.com 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100135 
China's metal export control shaking the Asian chip industry (Free Version) 
Authors: ['记者']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-04T23:09:44+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:09:99+08:00
Description: The Ministry of Industry and Commerce Resources of the South Korean Industry has met urgently to discuss China's decision to implement export control on 镓 and 锗, and Japan is studying the impact of this move on Japanese companies and verifying the plans of China's implementation of control.
Images: [" 000186417_pic... "]
Themes: ['半导体', '关注']
Keywords: ['半导体', '芯片', '出口管制', '技术封锁', '金属', '镓', '锗', '韩国']
Type: Article
 Asian trading officials are evaluating the influence of the latest upgrade of the US -China science and technology war. Earlier, Beijing stated that export control will be implemented for metal used for chip manufacturing.
The South Korean Ministry of Industry and Commerce Resources held an emergency meeting to discuss China's decision to implement export control on 镓 and 锗. These two metals are used in chips, electric vehicles and a series of telecommunications products.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100155 
British 5 -year mortgage interest rate exceeded 6% (Free Version) 
Authors: ['西达尔特•文卡塔拉马克里希南', '埃玛•邓克利', '劳拉•努南']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-04T23:52:26+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:49:99+08:00
Description: This is the first time that British mortgage costs have broken through this barrier since November last year. At the same time, banks have been accused of failing to fully benefit from the increase in interest rates.
Images: [" 000183633_pic... "]
Themes: ['按揭', '关注']
Keywords: ['按揭', '个人理财', '英国公司', '汇丰', '巴克莱', '英格兰央行', '利兹·特拉斯']
Type: Article
 The average cost of the British 5 -year fixed interest rate mortgage loan has reached 6%for the first time since November last year. At the same time, banks are facing increasingly close attention to whether they have taken sufficient measures to alleviate the pressure of consumers.
British financial regulatory agency has convened HSBC HSBC(HSBC), KMT West Min Temple Bank(NatWest), Lauride Bank(Lloyds)Barclays Bank(Barclays)The person in charge met on Thursday to discuss the gap between the rising cost of mortgage loans and savings interest rates.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100157 
Why did Putin and other authoritarian leaders carry it like this? (Free version) 
Author: David Luhnow / Juan Forero
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T-12:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T02:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-04T06:34:00.000Z
Description: Things similar to the survival strategy of the regime have emerged. The government will use fatal force and extensive arrest and use it to stop protests. It has optional use of killing, imprisonment, and exile to deal with opposition leaders. In addition, cooperation is deepened between regimes.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001026408
Type: Article
The recent mutiny of Russia Exposure President Putin(Vladimir Putin)The cracks of the regime have also made some Western people more and more believed that he was not in power. There are two reasons for this. One is that the political and life of the dictators is extremely durable, and the other is that they will rarely replace them.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%99%AE%E4%BA%AC%E7%AD%89%E4%B8%93%E5%88%B6%E9%A2%86%E5%AF%BC%E4%BA%BA%E4%B8%BA%E4%BD%95%E5%A6%82%E6%AD%A4%E6%89%9B%E6%89%93-67c8051d 
Credit Suisse shareholders joined a collective lawsuit to challenge UBS acquisitions (Free Version) 
Authors: ['欧文•沃克']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T00:18:52+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:18:99+08:00
Description: This is the latest sign of the transaction that caused a rebound in Switzerland. UBS's acquisition of Creditkin was planned by the Swiss authorities in March this year, and both shareholders of the two banks did not get voting opportunities.
Images: [" 000184907_pic... "]
Themes: ['瑞士信贷', '关注']
Keywords: ['瑞士信贷', '瑞银', '并购', '欧洲银行业']
Type: Article
 UBS(UBS)Acquisition Credit(CreditSuisse)The transaction faces new legal challenges. Previously, a group of major Swiss investors joined a collective lawsuit. This is the latest sign of the transaction that caused a rebound in Switzerland.
ETHOS Foundation -its representative institutional investors hold about 5%of the stocks of two banks -said on Tuesday that it will join the operation led by LEGALPASS headquarters in Lausanne.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100158 
Yahoo CEO: It is planned to return to the public market through the IPO 
Author: Barbara Kollmeyer
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T01:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T01:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-04T23:49:00.000Z
Description: Yahoo CEO Jim Lanzone said in an interview with the Financial Times that Yahoo, who is currently the early pioneer of the Internet boom, is currently "profitable" and is going to return to the open market through the IPO.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Yahoo(Yahoo)CEO Jim Lanzone accepts the Financial Times(Financial Times)In the interview, Yahoo, who was the early pioneer of the Internet, is currently "profitable" and is going to return to the open market through the IPO. This interview was published on Tuesday.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E9%9B%85%E8%99%8Eceo%E7%A7%B0%E8%AF%A5%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8%E8%AE%A1%E5%88%92%E9%80%9A%E8%BF%87ipo%E9%87%8D%E8%BF%94%E5%85%AC%E5%BC%80%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA-86572f32 
The most effective longevity method is to move version 
Author: Alex Janin
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T01:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T01:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-03T23:48:00.000Z
Description: Exercise is the easiest way to confront aging and prolong life span of scientific research, rather than cold water baths, supplements, and the like. How much exercise should people pursue longevity? Which exercise is the most benefit? What should I pay attention to at different ages?
Images: []
Categories: ['派', '生活']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000974221
Type: Article
Over the past few decades, longevity researchers have been looking for a pitch to slow down the aging process. But the best way -at least now -maybe the simplest one: more exercise.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%9C%80%E6%9C%89%E6%95%88%E7%9A%84%E9%95%BF%E5%AF%BF%E6%96%B9%E6%B3%95%E5%B0%B1%E6%98%AF%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8-3cfbe37a 
The international atomic energy agency is called the Fukushima nuclear waste water discharge plan to meet the safety standards 
Creator: MOTOKO RICH,CHOE SANG-HUN
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-05T01:43:07+08:00
Description: The agency stated that the impact of water discharge on humans and the environment after handling water discharge "can be ignored." The Japanese government said that emissions this summer will be performed as planned. The discharge plan has caused controversy at home and abroad, especially facing strong protests in China and South Korea. Ko Sasaki for the New York Times Fukushima Nuclear Power Station was taken in 2019.
Images: [" 04fukushima-r... "]
Category: 亚太
Type: Article
 As one of the remaining steps before the Fukushima Nuclear Power Station's more than one million tons of radioactive treatment of the Fukushima Nuclear Power Station, the International Atomic Energy Agency announced on Tuesday that the Japanese government's emission plans meet the security standards of the agency.
The final report of the International Atomic Energy Agency concluded that once the treatment of water is discharged, "the influence on human and the environment can be ignored."
Japan's emissions plans are controversial at home and abroad. Chinese government officials and many people in South Korea protest that such emissions are not safe.
Raphael Gronci, Director -General of the International Atomic Energy Agency, said that if Japan continues to be discharged as planned, the agency will also open a monitoring station in Fukushima to continue to evaluate the safety of water body in the "next decades".
Japan announced the drainage of Fukushima Nuclear Power Station in 2019 Plan And the plan was approved two years later Essence Since then, a special working group of the International Atomic Energy Agency has made many assessments on the progress of Japanese water treatment.
For many years, Tokyo Electric Power Company, which is responsible for the operation of nuclear power stations and is currently closed, said that the processed wastewater -including allowing a powerful filter system to deal with wastewater and remove most radioactive substances -safety emissions can be performed.
On Tuesday, Gross, director of the International Atomic Energy Agency, met with Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishida in Tokyo to discuss the plan for radioactive water processed by the Japanese discharge of the Fukushima nuclear power plant. POOL Photo by Eugenehoshiko
Critics said that the water treatment process and emission plans of the Japanese government and Tokyo Electric Power Company were not transparent.
Chinese Ambassador to Japan Wu Jianghao said at a press conference on Tuesday, "The Japanese side should stop the pushing programs to dispose of nuclear pollution water in a scientific, safe, and transparent way, and accept strict international supervision." Japan made a decision without "full research and argument".
Even in Japan, there are differences in opinions. A polls released by Japan News Network on weekends show that 45%of the respondents support the emission plan and 40%of the respondents have opposed it.
"Many outstanding scientists believe that the data provided by (Japan) to date is incomplete," the independent radiation monitoring organization Safecast Chief researcher Azbai Brown said.
advertise
Brown said that the discharged wastewater is "very low in danger for human health, thousands of times lower than the risk of radiation exposure daily." "But the whole process is still not transparent enough," he said. "It is not wide enough and not comprehensive enough."
Brown said that the Japanese side has repeatedly ensured that the treatment of water is safe enough to discharge into the ocean, and it is said that most of the isotopes are filtered, but it still contains a small amount of 氚 (a kind of isotope that is difficult to separate from the water), and a small amount of a small amount Carbon-14 and iodine -129.
The water processed by the Fukushima Nuclear Power Station will be discharged into the Pacific Ocean through the underwater tunnel. Kyodo news, via associated presness
Japanese Prime Minister Kishita Kishita said in a meeting with Gronci that Japan "does not approve emissions that may cause harm to the Japanese people, the people of the world, and the environment." He also said that the government will "continue to clarify the scientific basis based on highly transparent science" that will discharge the treated water into the sea.
Kanada's Cabinet Cabinet Chief Hakka Matsuno said on Tuesday that after the government reviewed security measures and considered the "damage caused by rumors" in other countries, this summer's emissions will still be performed as planned.
In South Korea, how to deal with Fukushima's water discharge has become a controversial topic of non -black or white, threatening to South Korea and Japan earlier this year fragile reconciliation Essence
Recent surveys show that 80%to 85%of Koreans oppose Japan's plan to discharge Fukushima's processing water into the Pacific, fearing that this will affect seafood and marine environment.
Groos will visit Shou on Friday to discuss countermeasures on the increasing anxiety of South Korea. In recent weeks, because the people have risen before the discharge, the salt prices have risen sharply from the salt salt on the west coast of South Korea.
The protesters rally opposed the discharge of the Fukushima nuclear power plant last month. Fukushima's drainage problem has also become a serious problem of polarization outside Seoul. Anthony Wallace/Agefrance-Presse-Getty Images
Park Honggen, a senior Democratic Party of the South Korean opposition, said that the South Korean people are worried that the security review of the international atomic energy agencies is "politics rather than science" and is used to "cater to Japan."
The South Korean government has let go of it to increase its efforts to detect the content of radioactive substances in seawater, fishery and natural salt fields to try to eliminate people's fear.
advertise
Government officials assured the public on Monday that even if Japan began to discharge water, South Korea will continue to ban seafood from the waters near Fukushima. The ban was first implemented after the Fukushima nuclear accident in 2011.
Gronci said that the drainage method adopted in Japan has "reliable records" in many countries such as China, South Korea and the United States. According to the current plan, the treatment of water will be discharged in a controllable and gradual way in decades.
Japan's plan to be discharged into the Pacific Ocean is mainly used for the damaged reactor of the Fukushima nuclear power plant. The nuclear power plant was destroyed in the 2011 earthquake and tsunami. Japan claims that the current storage of water is discharged before the nuclear power plant is exhausted.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/asia-pacific/20230705/japan-fukushima-water-iaea/ 
SCO Yin New Members China and Russia want to expand their influence 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T02:08:00Z
Description: At the summit on the 4th, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization was officially included in Iran as a member country and paved the way for Belarus to join the future. In the announcement after the meeting, the organization emphasized to strengthen cooperation and oppose the confrontation of the group, but there are still differences within its organization.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '专题报道：习近平访美', '伊朗', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '印度', '20国集团']
Keywords: ['上海合作组织', '俄罗斯', '普京', '瓦格纳', '习近平', '伊朗', '印度', '莫迪']
Id: 66117199
The picture shows in October 2016, Russian President Putin, Indian Prime Minister Modi, and Chinese President Xi Jinping participated in the BRICS Conference in India.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Online Summit of Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) sponsored by India To end, the member states after the meeting stated in the "New Delhi Declaration" that they opposed the problem with "groupization, ideology, and confrontation thinking"; on the one hand, emphasizing deepening global cooperation with regional and regional, on the one hand, it also reiterated that "do not target other countries and other countries and International organizations".
According to the Chinese version of the Chinese official media Xinhua News Agency on Wednesday (July 5), although the SCO did not directly mention the "NATO expansion" and the Western countries' military aid for Ukraine, they criticized the "individual countries or national groups singles. It is not restricted to strengthen the global anti -missile system. "It is said that this is" seeking its own security at the expense of the security of other countries ", so it is" unacceptable. "
At the summit on Tuesday (4th), the SCO was officially included in Iran as the ninth member country. Bloomberg said that Iran is gradually getting rid of diplomatic isolation. In addition to establishing an important military alliance with Russia, it has also resumed diplomatic relations with Saudi Arabia and prompted its allies to launch missiles in Israel.
The SCO also approved the signing of memo to join Belarus, which is expected to join in 2024. At this stage, SCO is led by China and Russia Other member states include India, Kazakhstan, Gilgis, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan.
Reuters pointed out that when the SCO seeks to expand regional forces and competes against the West, increase member states Increased the weight of the organization. From the speeches of Russian President Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping, it can be seen that the organization wants to enhance its influence.
The Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit appeared on July 4th. The host country India announced that it would be held online last month, but no further reason was given.
What did Putin and Xi Jinping say? 
Since last month, Russian mercenary group Wagner rebellion Since then, this is the first time Putin has appeared on international conferences. He wants to use this to appease members of the co -organizations and to convey the message of Russia's stable solidarity, Putin still holds the control of control Essence According to the Russian official media Tas, Putin said that "the Russians' unprecedented unity" and the political circles and society are "attempts to stand together against armed rebellion."
The Associated Press pointed out that after the Russian and Ukraine War, Putin also tried to show the impression of "Russia has not been isolated" to the Western world. During the SCO's speech, Putin criticized Western society's sanctions on Russia, calling this a "hybrid war" against Russia, and emphasized that Russia will continue to fight against "external pressure, sanctions and provocative instigating."
Xi Jinping's speech opposed the "hegemonic domineering and bullying act", advocating to expand the "circle of friends" of the SCO, and built "partnerships that do not confront each other and do not associate with alliances." According to a draft released by Xinhua News Agency, Xi Jinping reiterated that "highly wary of external forces inciting the" New Cold War "in the region and opposed other countries to" interfere with the internal affairs and motion the color revolution. "
Like Putin, Xi Jinping also advocates to create World Order of Power of Power Essence Xi Jinping also suggested to expand the "National Tsukian Settlement Share" by the SCO. This approach means that the two parties of the trade use their domestic currencies for bilateral trade settlement; Russia has been sanctioned by European and American sanctions since the Russia and Ukraine War, which is conducive to its avoided US dollar.
*#
The past and present life of Shanghai Cooperation Organization 
In Shanghai 
The Shanghai Cooperation Organization (referred to as the "SCO") was established in 2001. The founding member states are China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan. On June 15, 2001, the head of the Six Kingdoms signed the "Shanghai Cooperation Organization Declaration" and "Shanghai Convention on Fighting Terrorism, Sumulatory and Extremeism", and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization was officially established. On June 7, 2002, the second summit of the SCO was held in St. Petersburg. The picture shows the Russian Foreign Minister of the Russian Foreign Minister of the Council of the SC Organization Council in Beijing in January 2002 in Beijing in January 2002.
*#
The past and present life of Shanghai Cooperation Organization 

The SCO is the first intergovernmental international organization named after the Chinese city. According to the official information of the organization, its purpose is to strengthen mutual trust and good -neighborly friendship between member states; encourage member states to cooperate in the fields of politics, economy, trade, technology, culture, education and other fields; , Security and stability; establish a new order of democratic, fair, and reasonable international political economy. China and Russia have always been the leading force of the organization. The picture shows the Chinese President Hu Jintao and Russian President Putin at the SCO Summit at Gilgisstan Bishkek in August 2007.
*#
The past and present life of Shanghai Cooperation Organization 
counter -terrorism exercise 
9-11 The SCO, which was established shortly after the terrorist attack, focused on regional security issues and cracking down terrorism. In August 2003, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization held a multi -country joint anti -terrorist military exercise in Kazakhstan and China for the first time. After that, a joint military exercise called "Peace Mission" is held every two years. In August 2018, the exercise was held in Russia (pictured).#
The past and present life of Shanghai Cooperation Organization 
The first expansion 
At the SCO Summit held in Astana in Kazakhstan in June 2017, the organization's first expansion was completed. India and Pakistan officially joined the number of member states to 8. The picture shows Indian Prime Minister Modi and Russian President Putin at the summit.
*#
The past and present life of Shanghai Cooperation Organization 
Shanghai-Tashgan 
The Shanghai Cooperation Organization has two permanent institutions, namely the "SCO Secretariat" located in Beijing, the capital of China, and the "regional anti -terrorist institution executive committee" located in the capital of Uzbekistan.
*#
The past and present life of Shanghai Cooperation Organization 
Expand to the Middle East 
In July 2021, the SCO Summit was held at Dushang, Tarkikistan (pictured). Later that year, the procedures for receiving Iran as members and absorbed Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Qatar as a new dialogue partner. In addition to these three foreign countries, the SCO has 6 "dialogue partners" (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Cambodia, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Turkey), as well as 3 observer states (Afghanistan, Belarus, and Mongolia).
*#
The past and present life of Shanghai Cooperation Organization 
Putin's rare stage 
In February 2022, Russia launched the war against Ukraine. Members of SCO China and India have always refused to join the ranks of Western sanctions on Russia, and increased the purchase of oil and natural gas in Russia to help Moscow alleviate the impact of Western sanctions. Attending the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit held in Samarham, Uzbekistan in September, it became a rare opportunity for Putin to appear on the international stage and showed that it was not isolated. The picture shows Putin, Xi Jinping, and President of Mongolia, Hiri Ri Suh, at the summit.
*#
The past and present life of Shanghai Cooperation Organization 
Indian East Summit 
The host country of the SCO Summit this year is India. The meeting was held online on July 4. Indian Ministry of Foreign Affairs officials revealed that Iran and Belarus is expected to join the SCO at the New Delhi Summit. This is the second online summit of the head of the organization. The first time was affected by the new crown epidemic in 2020, the summit originally scheduled to be held in St. Petersburg was changed online.

India "take the steel cable" in diplomacy 
Two weeks ago at the Supreme Organization Summit, India Prime Minister Narendra Modi went to the United States to visit the United States to meet the US President Biden.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/拜登和莫迪瞄準中俄-稱美印是親密夥伴/a-66009193)Essence
At the same time, India is also the rotating chairman of the SCO and the G20 Summit of the 20th Group of Twenty. As the relationship between India and China has deteriorated in recent years, India has gradually moved closer to the United States , Seeking to compete for China's influence.
This summit, except India, all member states of the SCO expressed their support for China's "Belt and Road" initiative. According to the Associated Press, India opposes the scope of the Kashmir region because the initiative covers the area, and India has sovereignty disputes with Pakistan in the region.
The relationship between India and Russia has triggers Western doubts. Since the Russian and Ukraine War, India has avoided blame the war on Russia and continued to purchase Russian oil. During the Organization Summit last year, Modi told Putin that it was not the era of war; Reuters pointed out that this was the most direct discussion with Russia and the Russian war with Russia.
In September this year, India will host the G20 summit. Both Putin and Xi Jinping are expected to attend, and Biden may also be present.
The picture shows the June 2017 Indian Prime Minister Modi and Russian President Putin attended the SCO meeting at Kazakhstan.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/上合組織添新成員-中俄欲擴大影響力/a-66117199?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The United States intends to restrict Chinese enterprises using US cloud computing services (Free Version) 
Author: Yuka Hayashi / John D. McKinnon
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T02:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T02:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-04T04:43:00.000Z
Description: According to people familiar with the matter, the Bayeng government is preparing to limit Chinese enterprises to use US cloud computing services. This may further exacerbate the tension between the two global economic powers in the United States and China.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001028964
Type: Article
According to people familiar with the matter, Biden(Joe bids)The government is preparing to limit Chinese enterprises to use US cloud computing services. This may further exacerbate the tension between the two global economic powers in the United States and China.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E6%8B%9F%E9%99%90%E5%88%B6%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E4%BC%81%E4%B8%9A%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E4%BA%91%E8%AE%A1%E7%AE%97%E6%9C%8D%E5%8A%A1-578ca9b6 
Cryptocurrency giants do not expand in Europe (Free Version) 
Author: Patricia Kowsmann
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T02:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T02:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T01:16:00.000Z
Description: Cryptocurrency giant Bonan opened a regional headquarters in Paris last year, hoping to expand its business in Europe. However, the situation is not satisfactory.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Cryptocurrency giant Binan(Binance)Last year, it was opened in Paris One Regional Headquarters Hope to expand business in Europe. However, the situation is not satisfactory.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%8A%A0%E5%AF%86%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81%E5%B7%A8%E5%A4%B4%E5%B8%81%E5%AE%89%E5%9C%A8%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E6%8B%93%E5%B1%95%E4%B8%8D%E9%A1%BA-4d1c03dd 
How can the industrial chain migration affect China's export? (Free version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T02:39:44+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:08:99+08:00
Description: Shen Jianguang: In the short term, the European and American economy has fallen into a "stagnation", which is the main reason for China's exports. The global industrial chain presents localization, regionalization, and globalization.
Images: [" 000117499_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '产业链', '出口', '东盟']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Two years before the outbreak of the epidemic, China's complete industrial chain effectively made up for the shortcomings of overseas production, China's exports increased sharply, and foreign trade share also increased rapidly. However, since the second half of 2022, the growth rate of exports has slowed, and May this year has decreased by 7.5%year -on -year. At the same time, foreign direct investment has declined significantly. According to the international revenue and expenditure data of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, it has severely contracted in the second half of 2022, with a decrease of more than 70%. In the first quarter of this year, it fell by 80%. Even according to the data of the Ministry of Commerce, foreign businessmen in the second half of 2022 in the second half of 2022 Direct investment fell -7%, and from January to May this year fell 5.6%year-on-year. In addition, China's trade structure is quietly changing: the share of the United States, Europe, etc. has been declining, and the proportion of ASEAN, Russia and Africa has risen rapidly.
Signs since the second half of last year show that trade investment in European and American countries is accelerating to "de -China". For example, U.S. coalition allies have increased their trade -offs in China and science and technology; the United States and India have signed a series of protocols in the fields of semiconductors, high -tech to strengthen the diversification of the supply chain and reduce their dependence on China; the Dutch restricted part of the optical carvings machines in the Netherlands; Model exports to China and so on. Will these development exacerbate the migration of China's industrial chain? With the long -term trend of the industrial relocation of the United States and the "Friends Outsourcing", how should Chinese policies respond?

Since the outbreak of the epidemic, China's industrial chain shows strong toughness and elasticity, effectively making up for the lack of overseas production capacity, and China's exports have performed beyond expectations. This is due to the policy orientation of China's "main body of the market" after the epidemic and the policy orientation of the United States and Europe's implementation of modern currency theory (MMT) stimulus, and to make up for the non -matching of the US -Europe economy due to the obstruction of production. China's foreign trade share can be used to achieve the share of foreign trade shares. Raise rapidly. According to WTO data, China's global export share has increased significantly to 14.7%in 2020, reversing the decline in the Sino -US trade war, and exceeding the high point in 2015 (13.7%). In 2021, China's exports continued to reach a record high. While achieving a year -on -year growth of 29.6%, the share of global exports exceeded 15%. After the overseas epidemic in 2022, despite the steady recovery of the overseas industrial chain alternative to China, China's export share remained at a high level of 14.4%in 2022.
It is worth noting that China's trade structure has changed significantly since 2022. On the one hand, China's export share to the United States in 2023 fell rapidly. According to the data of Uncomtrade data, the proportion of imports from China ’s products from China fell quickly from 21.9%in 2017 to 17.1%in 2022, and the decline was filled by ASEAN, Canada and the European Union. Although China is still the first source of imports in the United States in 2022, the decline will accelerate after entering 2023: In the first quarter of 2023, the proportion of Chinese goods in the United States' imports has fallen sharply to 13.6%, which is not only behind the EU 18.8 %, Also behind Mexico (15.1%) and Canada (13.8%), becoming the fourth source of imports in the United States.
On the other hand, developing countries such as ASEAN, Russia, and Africa have become increasingly prominent in China. Since 2010, China ’s exports to ASEAN have risen rapidly. At present, it has surpassed the United States and the European Union to become the largest destination of China exports, from 8.8%in 2010 to 12.2%in 2015, and 15.8%in 2022. Especially from January to May this year, China's export share to ASEAN has further increased to 16.2%, and the export share to the European Union, the United States, and Japan fell to 15.4%, 14.3%and 4.8%at the same time.
The industrial structure of ASEAN and China has natural synergy and complementarity. ASEAN not only undertakes the transfer of China's domestic industrial chain, but the United States trade contains a large number of Chinese goods to "bypass" Vietnam exports to the United States and promote the rapid rise in ASEAN's transfer trade. In addition, China ’s exports to Russia and Africa have also increased from 2.1%and 4.6%in 2022 to 3.1%and 5.3%in January-May this year.

In the short term, the European and American economy has fallen into a "stagnation" is the main reason why China's exports have fallen. However, with the increasingly complicated international situation and the external environment, the global industrial chain presents localization, regionalization, and anti -globalization characteristics. Western countries represented by the United States are accelerating the supply chain "de -Chineseization". Trend.
Rising costs and Sino -US trade frictions accelerate the layout of Southeast Asia. Prior to 2017, the rising costs of Chinese human resources and other elements and rigorous environmental protection supervision prompted some labor -intensive industrial chain to relocate. After 2017, Sino -US trade frictions occurred. In order to avoid high tariffs in the United States and the risk of decentralized industrial chain, we moved further acceleration. Among them, in addition to the low tariffs enjoyed by ASEAN members in Vietnam, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Cambodia, they also have the advantages of rich labor resources, low cost, and providing tax discounts for foreign investment to promote the rapid rise in the ASEAN transfer trade. Correspondingly, China's share in the US imported bags (HS4202) decreased from 58.8%in 2017 to 25.5%in 2022, and the ASEAN share increased from 7.2%to 27%at the same time. The export share of China's clothing industry decreased from 36.7%in 2011 to 32.1%in 2021. In the same period, Bangladesh increased from 4.6%to 6.4%, and Vietnam rose from 3.1%to 5.7%.
After the epidemic, safety and toughness began to gradually replace efficiency and cost, which accelerated the diversified division of labor in the global industrial chain. During the new crown epidemic, benefited from the complete advantages of China's manufacturing categories and good infrastructure, the advantages of China's industrial chain are prominent. In the context of the overseas industrial chain, the overseas excess needs are highly connected, and China's export share is promoted. However, after the overseas epidemic is over, countries are becoming more and more aware of the importance of the diversification of the industrial chain. The focus of multinational enterprises should be considered by the global multi -point layout to cope with the risks of excessive concentration of the industrial chain. "China+N".
Enterprises represented by Samsung and Apple have accelerated their mobile phone business to Vietnam, India and other places, driving suppliers and supporting factories such as Foxconn, Heshuo, Lixun Precision. In June, Indian Prime Minister Modi visited the United States and signed the "United States and India Statement" with US President Biden Biden to reach a series of cooperation agreements in high -tech fields such as semiconductors, artificial intelligence, and space. Get rid of dependence on China. This not only exacerbates the risk of "decoupling" of the migration industry and China, but also directly affects the integrity and stability of the Chinese industrial system.The United States has accelerated the "near -shore outsourcing" and "Youkan Outsourcing" to create a "alliance to the China Industrial Chain". In April 2022, the House of Representatives of the United States launched the "Western Hemisphere Outsourcing Act" to encourage the relocation of the industry and provide low -interest loans and tax -free benefits to companies from China to Latin America. It is proposed that the concentrated force recovers the economy and restores the industrial chain, and implements the "Friends Outsourcing" strategy between the allies and partners.
Among them, Mexico is the biggest beneficiary of near -shore outsourcing. From the perspective of the product type imported from Mexico, the proportion of transportation equipment (cars) in the first quarter of this year is still at the top of the list, followed by computers and electronic products. Further increase. At the same time, medical machinery (15.6%), aerospace (15%), furniture (6.3%) and other industries have shown high -speed growth. Recently, Tesla is also mobilizing Chinese suppliers to go to sea and go to Mexico to copy the "Shanghai Factory".

Under the game of great powers, the trend of "decoupling" and "de -Chineseization" of global trade is inevitable. In the short term, the influence of Chinese -funded enterprises' investment and layout in Southeast Asia and the "re -export trade". The rapid growth of trade with ASEAN trade with ASEAN still supports China's exports, but the risk of relocation outside the industrial chain behind cannot be underestimated. For example, the author has mentioned that outside the industrial chain usually means that enterprises have departed, employment loss, and tax declines. As a result, residents' income declines and risk of unemployment of migrant workers need to be actively cope.
In addition, there are still problems such as key technical equipment and some basic materials in China's industrial chain. If China does not deepen the control of the key links of the industrial chain, it may be possibly caught in the vacuumization of the industry in the long run, which will lead to a decline in economic vitality, stagnation of income growth, and losing international competitiveness.
In order to cope with the problems of anti -globalization and Sino -US trade friction, on the one hand, try to delay the decoustal process of China and the United States, and to step up the time window for the upgrading of the industrial chain, and continue to increase regional integrated cooperation. Specific measures can: First, vigorously strengthen basic research and R & D expenditure, develop high -tech manufacturing and modern service industries, encourage digital transformation of industries, and promote the upgrading of industries to high value -added; , Accelerate the formation of open channels for South Asia and South Asia in Central Asia, and build a highland for inland reform and opening up; the third is to steadily expand the openness of rules, regulations, management, and standards to promote the high -quality development of the free trade pilot zone.
Recently, the State Council issued the "Several Measures on the Pilot of the International High Standards for the Pilot of the Pilot Control of the Pilot of the Pilot of the Free Trade Port" issued by the State Council. The system is open. In the next step, we should increase policy transparency, focus on creating a first -class business environment for marketization, rule of law, and internationalization, reduce the entry restrictions on foreign and private enterprises, and improve the quality and level of investment promotion.
On the other hand, the use of China's large -scale market volume and complete industrial chain advantages to actively implement the strategy of expanding domestic demand. Fiscal policy, especially central finance, will be an important starting point. For example, in the industry with strong employment capabilities to reduce social security and provident fund rates, increase residents' current disposable income, while driving consumer expenditure; it is recommended to issue about 3 trillion special government bonds, which are mainly used for new infrastructure investment and coordinated consumer coupons. , Pull the demand back to the normal track as soon as possible; the current local debt risks are high, the central government adds leverage, alleviates the existing debt of local governments, and drives local governments to stabilize the growth. In terms of monetary policy, further interest rate cuts (such as 50bp) are still necessary. Considering that China's actual interest rate is high and the macro leverage is high, interest rate cuts will help reduce the cost of interest expenditure in the whole society and improve the balance sheet of various departments. In terms of real estate, we will increase loosening and cancel unreasonable measures such as purchase restrictions, sales, and price limits to meet rigid and improving housing demand, and promote market recovery as soon as possible.
Note: This article only represents the author's personal point of view
Editor of this article Xu Jin jin.xu@ftchinese.com 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100150 
Russia and the United States discuss the problem 
Author: Georgi Kantchev / Louise Radnofsky
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T03:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T03:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-04T22:07:00.000Z
Description: The Kremlin spokesman Peskov said at a briefing that Russia was in contact with the United States for contact. Earlier, the two embassies of the two sides visited the Wall Street Journal reporter, Evan Gesovic, who had been detained in Russia, and a Russians who were detained in the United States.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001029913
Type: Article
Kremlin spokesman Peskov(Dmitry Peskov)At a briefing, Russia was in contact with the United States for contact. Previously, the two embassies and consulates of the two parties visited the Wall Street Journal, which was detained in Russia, respectively.(The Wall Street Journal)Reporter Evan Geskovic(Evan Gershkovich)And a Russian detained in the United States.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E4%B8%8E%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E8%AE%A8%E8%AE%BA%E6%8D%A2%E5%9B%9A%E9%97%AE%E9%A2%98-7a0d2662 
Does the central bank's digital currency help the internationalization of local currency? (Free version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T03:27:11+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:39:99+08:00
Description: Jia Ming: In the short term, the central bank's digital currency (CBDC) has a limited marginal role in promoting the internationalization of the currency. The status of the country's CBDC in the international currency system can only be the mapping of traditional currency.
Images: [" 000145610_pic... "]
Themes: ['区块链与数字货币', '关注']
Keywords: ['央行数字货币', '数字货币', '人民币国际化', '人民币']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
According to statistics from international clearing banks, at least 114 countries and regions around the world are actively paying attention to the central bank's digital currency (CBDC). A total of more than ten projects have started pilots or trial operations, but mainly concentrated in developing countries such as China, Bahamas and other developed countries, developed countries, developed countries. It is more cautious, mostly in the investigation and demonstration and internal testing stage. For example, the Fed only issued a digital US dollar report to comprehensively evaluate the pros and cons of CBDC, which is still at the stage of the case research; the European Central Bank is investigating and studying, and will decide whether to continue to advance after two years. The test has not been decided whether it was officially issued. Globally, China has taken the fastest and fastest in the distribution and application of CBDC, and the size of the project is the largest. It not only carries out small payment in the territory, but also conducts cross -border payment with Hong Kong, Thailand, and the UAE in Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Thailand, and the UAE.
The initial mission of CBDC was the erosion of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. However, due to a series of defects currently in the international currency system dominated by the US dollar, CBDC seems to be given the expectation of promoting the reform of the international currency financial system. So, can CBDC really assume this historical mission?
1. The evolution of digital currency of the central bank 
From the perspective of existing types, digital currencies have roughly experienced three stages: anchor -free private digital currency, anchor digital stable currency, and central bank digital currency.
First, there is no anchor -free private digital currency. Although it is called currency, it is usually considered a digital asset.
The cryptocurrency represented by Bitcoin is completely based on distributed ledger technology (DLT) and encryption algorithms. The underlying asset mortgage is not asset -free, and it does not represent the liabilities of institutions and individuals. It is a decentralized replacement. currency.
Second, there are anchored digital stablecoins. The centralized specific assets or legal currency are mortgaged and issued by the private sector.
Stable currency is actually born in the transaction demand of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin to avoid the restrictions on the direct exchange of cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies. USDT is the earliest stablecoin, issued by Tether, anchored the US dollar, and issued a 100%reserve arrangement. Due to a 100%reserve arrangement, it is actually similar to digital bank votes.
Third, the central bank's digital currency. Published by a central bank (or currency authorities) is a digital form of sovereign currency.
At the beginning of the birth of CBDC, the main mission was to avoid the erosion of private cryptocurrencies on sovereign currencies. Today, it mainly explores applications in improving payment efficiency.
Because CBDCs of various countries are still developing and evolving, in the technical structure (whether to use blockchain, distributed ledger technology), existence forms (main application scenarios, whether transfer and storage are limited, use accounts or tokens -based accounting accounts The operation framework (single layer or double layer), underlying assets (cash mortgage or anchor certain types of assets) are different designs. But at the present, first, countries generally adopt open ideas and attach importance to the potential application of distributed ledger technology and programmable; second, in order to prevent financial disconnects, most of them choose the "central bank-commercial bank" double-layer operation architecture Essence
According to the application scenario, CBDC can be divided into two types: retail type and who pasfuls. The former is limited to large transfer and remittance between banks and financial institutions, and the latter can be widely acquired by the public to meet the public's daily payment needs.
At present, retail CBDC has launched pilots or formally put into use in many countries including China. For example, Bahamas's Sand Dollar, Bakong in Cambodia, Chinese E-CNY and so on.
Most of the who pasfuls CBDC projects are at the preliminary theoretical demonstration or laboratory experimental stage. Including the Jasper project in Canada, the HELVETIA project in Switzerland, the UBIN project in Singapore, etc., as well as some cross -border cooperation projects, such as the Stella project in cooperation between Japan and the Central Bank of the European Union, the Dunbar project of multi -country cooperation. The People's Bank of China and the Hong Kong Financial Administration, the Central Bank of Thailand, and the Emirates Bank of China have jointly participated in the "M-Bridge" project, which are the fastest, and have been applied for application testing.
In general, the world's major economies continue to pay attention to the progress of CBDC. Due to the different motivations and strategies of developing CBDC in developing countries and developed countries, the initial enthusiasm of developing countries is higher. Developed countries are more prudent, the implementation of the ground is slow, and it is more inclined to explore the potential applications of CBDC in cross -border payment.
2. The impact of the central bank's digital currency on cross -border payment 
2.1 Traditional proxy mode based on commercial bank network 
In the traditional cross -border payment model, cross -border fund collection and payment between banks mainly adopt the agency bank.
The so -called agency bank model is that for cross -state and cross -currency payment activities, if the payment bank and the final receipt bank are not the relationship between account banks, then the payment bank can only be through other banks that exist in account banking with the final receipt bank ( Agent) cooperation to settle the settlement of specific currency categories. In many cases, a cross -border payment may require a multi -layer agent bank.
The reason is that the payment and liquidation system between different countries and regions has its own proprietary technology and operating standards. There are also differences in accounting systems, regulatory rules, currency, and language. Therefore, the payment systems between countries often lack interoperable operations. sex. Furthermore, the establishment of an accounting relationship between the Bank of China and the Bank of China not only faces heavy technical costs, legal costs, financial costs, and credit risks, but also crowded the bank's liquidity. Therefore Acting relationship.
The multi -fund chain of the acting behavior nodes intertwined each other, forming the current cross -border payment system, and the only commonly used cross -border payment solution.
It should be noted that the transfer of cross -border funds is actually two layers of operation, one layer is the flow of funds, that is, the capital transfer depends on the account system of commercial banks; the other is the information flow, that is, the transmission of the payment instruction, which mainly depends on the main dependence of relying on the payment instructions. SWIFT System (Global Bank Financial Telecom Association).
It should be emphasized that Swift is a comprehensive financial information transmission system, not a payment clearing system. The transmitted information includes not only payment information, but also financial information such as guarantee and letter of credit. Even if the two banks want to communicate with general exchanges, they can also be performed through SWIFT. SWIFT also provides information transmission services for the liquidation of the US dollar single currency, but also provides information transmission services for all currencies' inter -bank payment liquidation. Swift is not the only payment information transmission system, but it is the most widely used system.
However, if the trading chain is long, the agency bank model will face obvious costs and efficiency issues.According to World Bank statistics, the average cost of retail remittances worldwide is 6.5%of the total remittance, and it may be as high as 12%in specific countries. Due to the differences in jet lag and institutional arrangements, every bank that flows through funds must conduct compliance review related to anti-money laundering/anti-terrorist financing. A cross-border payment usually takes 3-5 days.
2.2 Digital currency model based on distributed bookkeeping technology 
From the current theoretical design, CBDC is used for cross -border payment, which seems to help improve cross -border payment efficiency.
First of all, CBDC based on a distributed cross -border payment network adopts a point -to -point transmission mode, which can attach value information and other information at the same time, realize the transfer of funds and information, and no longer need SWIFT to provide special message services to reduce intermediate links.
Secondly, through system and technology design, CBDC can improve the compatibility of data analysis and processing capabilities and system docking, realize 7*24 hours operation, solve the problem of non -matching time zone, and reduce the risk of trading opponents.
In terms of technical selection, for CBDC cross -border payment, central banks of various countries can choose to establish bilateral networks or use a single general platform. Bilateral networks need to consider information standards for cross -system coordination and transfer rate sharing. The advantage is that no coordinated compliance standards are required. A single universal platform adopts a single information standard, including the foreign exchange conversion design in the system, but needs to integrate the cross -system compliance solution.
Some institutions estimate that under the condition of particularly ideal, CBDC can shorten the length of cross -border payment to within one day (even a few seconds), and the transaction fee drops below 1%, which may break the economic and network effects due to cross -border payment. And the entry barriers.
2.3 Take M-Bridge as an example to compare the difference between the two 
The predecessor of the M-Bridge is the Inthanon-LionRock project conducted by the Hong Kong Financial Administration and the Central Bank of the Thailand. Among them, Inthanon is a local CBDC network built by Thailand, and LionRock is the local CBDC network in Hong Kong. The initial purpose of the two is to explore and test payment transfer between domestic institutions.
In 2019, Hong Kong and Thailand cooperated to explore the possibility of using CBDC for bilateral cross -border payment.
In 2021, the People's Bank of China and the UAE Central Bank also joined in. With the support of the BIS Hong Kong Innovation Center, the project was renamed the "multilateral currency bridge" to study the feasibility of using CBDC for multilateral multi -currency cross -border payment.
From a technical point of view, the currency bridge is a corridor network (Corridor Network). All parties joining the platform can conduct cross -border payment through the DEPOSITATORYRECEIPT (DR) without a intermediate account.
Traditional proxy Model:
Since the trade settlement between the four countries and regions participating in the M-Bridge is still mainly used other currencies such as the US dollar, the chain of the entire cross-border payment process is relatively long in the traditional agency bank model.
For example, when Chinese companies and Thai companies use US dollar settlement, the transfer of funds, in addition to the account opening banks of the two countries in their own country, the bank's account opening bank also needs to rely on its access to the United States Clear Institute's Bank's Alternative Payment System ( CHIPS) (Sometimes it is necessary to pass the US dollar liquidation bank through Fedwire (FEDWIRE) to transfer the US dollar funds, but Chips has only more than forty direct participation. Other banks need to pass these forty banks through these forty banks Perform liquidation. Therefore, if the enterprise's account opening bank is small in the country, the payment process needs to increase the agent bank of the account opening bank, and sometimes even more than one agent bank. The transmission of information flow is mainly to use swift. The payment cost of the entire process includes at least telephone fees, handling fees, and transit fees, and exchange losses must be affected.
CHIPS is the world's largest private sector U.S. dollar capital transmission system. It is the center of the settlement and liquidation of the US dollar cross -border transaction. By connecting with the SWIFT system, it undertakes more than 95%of the world's interbank US dollar payment liquidation and more than 90%of foreign exchange transactions. Therefore, when the United States is undergoing financial sanctions, it can not only pressure SWIFT, kick the designated institution out of SWIFT, or use CHIPS to prohibit the use of CHIPS of related financial institutions of the sanctions enterprise to cut off its cross -border US dollar payment.
Multilateral currency bridge mode:
Suppose that the account opening banks of the two countries are connected to the M-Bridge project. Cross -border payment is actually divided into two layers. One layer is a "outside bridge" commercial bank process, and the other is the CBDC exchange and payment process of "inside the bridge".
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100159 
China announces the minimum wage standard for the minimum wage standard. The monthly salary of 15 provinces is less than 2,000 yuan 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T03:52:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T14:12:00-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to China's official information, the minimum wage of 15 provinces is below 2,000 yuan. Reuters information. Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/jingmao/gt2-07052023035004.html/@stream On July 5th, the Ministry of Chinese and People's Social Affairs issued the minimum wage standards of 31 provinces and municipalities across the country, of which the minimum wages of employment in 15 provinces were less than 2,000 yuan. Some netizens believe that it is very fortunate to find a job, and some migrant workers can only take one day on vacation every month.
China National Bureau of Statistics: work for one hour a week, even employment China ’s youth unemployment rate in May will innovate high economic data for weak economic data * Nanjing No. 1 University recruits two book administrators to pay 2,000 in October * * Dongguan Factory recruitment one hour Nine yuan, companies in various places to close the sorrows and all over the country The "First Financial Daily" website reported on Wednesday that the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security recently released the minimum wage standards of provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities across the country (as of July 1, 2023). Among them, Shanghai still topped the list for 2690 yuan, and the minimum monthly wage standard of 15 provinces was 2,000 yuan or more. According to the minimum wage standard of this 31 provinces and cities, Shanghai employees' salary increased by 100 yuan over the previous year, and the minimum wage standard was adjusted from 23 yuan to 24 yuan. In addition, the lowest salary of Sichuan was 2,100 yuan, with a minimum of 20 yuan. The lowest salary was 1420 yuan in Liaoning Province, with a salary of 14.3 yuan per hour.
Mr. Xu, a resident of Chengdu, said that the local salary is generally not high, and the price of demand for life has risen, and the cost of living in residents is getting higher and higher. He said to this station: "It is still relatively low for more than 20 yuan for hours, because the price is high now. This salary level is much different from normal state -owned enterprises. The normal day does not exceed 8 hours, only 160 yuan. There are only 110, 120 yuan, 100 yuan a day a day. Some people can't find a job, and some people with older people don't want it. "Mr. Xu said that many development projects have stopped and many migrant workers cannot find jobs.
(Posted on Weibo/Guting) Half of the rivers and mountains, the minimum monthly salary of the industry is less than 2,000 yuan 
According to reports, outside Shanghai, this year, Hebei, Shanxi, Guizhou, Qinghai, Anhui, Shaanxi and other places have raised their minimum wage standards. At present, China has a total monthly minimum wage standard of 15 provinces in 15 and above, which are Shanghai, Beijing, Guangdong, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Hebei, Shaanxi, Tianjin, Shandong, Chongqing, Anhui, Fujian, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Hubei, Henan, the rest are below 2,000 yuan.
In this regard, there are Weibo Shanxi netizens who wrote a message, what can be done even if the salary of 2,000 yuan is? Although the minimum is 1780 yuan, Shanxi is everywhere in Shanxi. The company has not bought official five insurances and one fund for employees, and the salary is only 1,500 yuan. Some netizens said that his monthly salary was 1,900 yuan, and other wages were paid, and enterprises could deduct at any time. There are also netizens ridiculed that the average salary is calculated, the total number of GDP calculations, and how should the birth rate be calculated in the future?
In 2020, then Chinese Prime Minister Li Keqiang acknowledged at the National Conference on the People's Congress that 600 million people had a monthly income of about 1,000 yuan. The above remarks caused heated discussion at home and abroad.
The minimum wage standard can only refer to unemployment than low wages 
Mr. He, a commentator of Wuhan current affairs, told this station that the minimum wage announced by the official may not be accurate, but when many enterprises enroll in the contract to sign the contract, they give another lower monthly salary. He said: "At present, the local government has no money, and the landlord's house has no food. The official data can only be used as a reference, and the government has no ability to enforce it, so let's look at it."
Compared with the minimum wage, China's unemployment situation is even more shocking. On social platforms, many women have unable to find a job and maintain their livelihood by singing, showing bodybuilding or live broadcast.
The current affairs commentator thought to this station that what was more serious than the unemployment was that government officials did not really fulfill the guarantee clauses for employees: "Many companies have more than 12 hours of work now, from 8 o'clock in the morning to 11 pm , 12 o'clock, long time, low salary, very serious overtime overtime. Some have not rest for a month, only one day of vacation, many unemployed mortgages can not pay back, especially many college students are suspected of life now. " Essence
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua and Xu Shuting He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/gt2-07052023035004.html 
Hong Kong reward million Hong Kong dollars wants to escape overseas abnormal people 
Creator: TIFFANY MAY
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-05T03:56:42+08:00
Description: Chief Executive Li Jiachao said that eight disgraceful people who have escaped overseas will be "hunt for life" and provide high rewards for information that can sue them. After the implementation of the National Security Law in Hong Kong, it has increased its pressure on the pressure and intimidation of activities from Hong Kong. Peter Parks/Age France-Presse-Getty Images Hong Kong Police reward eight activities overseas. One day later, Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao called on them to surrender.
Images: [" 04hk-bounty-0... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 On Tuesday, the highest leader of Hong Kong said that eight disgraceful people who fled overseas would be "hunt for life" and provided huge rewards in exchange for information that caused them to prosecute.
The reward of up to HK $ 1 million reflects Hong Kong's implementation of Hong Kong in 2020 Strict National Security Law Later, the authorities strengthened pressure and intimidation to important activists who have left Hong Kong. The Hong Kong National Security Law has caused 260 people to be arrested, most of which charged It is related to their activities in Hong Kong.
On Monday, the police emphasized the external law of the Hong Kong National Security Law. The law set the activities that endanger China as a crime, even if these activities occurred outside Hong Kong and mainland China. Police claimed that eight wanted people were suspected of collusion with foreign countries and inciting split countries.
Eight activities wanted by the police are Luo Guancong, Guo Fengyi, and Liu Zudi. Former Legislative Councilors Guo Rongzheng, Xu Zhifeng, Lawyer Ren Jianfeng, Labor Leader Meng Zhanda, and Merchant and YouTube anchor Yuan Gongyi.
advertise
Guo Fengyi, executive director of the Hong Kong Democratic Commission in Washington, said that he would never bow his head. "This is to encourage me to act faster and stronger," she said in a telephone interview.
Will these activities be extradited? 
The Hong Kong government announced that the pursuit of the eight people has caused a problem: In order to hunt up the disgusting people, whether Hong Kong will seek help from the International Organization of Interpol, the International Interpol in Hong Kong. Tang Jiazheng, who was a member of the Legislative Council and now the Governor of Hong Kong's Chief Executive Li Jiachao, said that the possibility of extradition of overseas activities.
"Hong Kong law is very strictly followed by the United Nations Demonstration Law in terms of extradition, which means that we will not seek to seek an extrated crime of political crimes or the defendant with a political background," he said in a telephone interview.
But he added that these activities may be detained when they appear in "friendly countries". In addition, the Hong Kong authorities can still ask international agencies to request legal aid, such as obtaining information about the whereabouts and activities of the eight people, which can be used to sue them in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong General Police Li Guihua announced the arrest warrant at eight activities at a press conference on Monday. Joyce zhou/reuters
When asked if he would seek help from the Interpol Organization, the Hong Kong Police stated in a statement on Tuesday that "all necessary measures should be taken according to law to arrest personnel involved in the case."
What causes the reward to be wanted? 
Legal scholars said that through the accusations and rewards of the eight people, the Hong Kong government wanted to create split among people in exile. When they encouraged the United States, Britain and Australia to formulate new laws to respond to Hong Kong's suppression, they were isolated and insulted.
"(Wanted) implies that they are dangerous criminals. In fact, they are peace critics who have transformed into autocracy to the Hong Kong government," said Tomas Kelogag, executive director of the Asian Law Center. He added that the wanted order may be counterproductive and put greater pressure on governments in various countries to allow them to take countermeasures against Hong Kong.
advertise
Visiting researcher at the London School of London, Li Enyu, said that Hong Kong's reward is wanted to extend the method of fighting overseas activities by the Chinese government, such as Establishing Police Station Overseas Police Station Essence In March of last year, the US Department of Justice Said five people Monitor or intimidate Chinese people in the United States.
The Hong Kong police acknowledged that it is difficult to arrest self -exiles living abroad, but they rewarded HK $ 1 million in exchange for information that can be used as evidence in the local court so that they can "successfully prosecute" any of them. Police added that one of the purpose of the reward is to ensure that the authorities get sufficient evidence in order to file a lawsuit against them when these people voluntarily return to Hong Kong.
A special agent of the Federal Investigation Agency searched the glass exterior wall of the Chinese Police Office, which is located in Dongba Laohui Street, Chinatown, New York. HiLARY SWIFT for The New Yorktimes
"As long as these people do not return to Hong Kong for a day, the Hong Kong police cannot arrest them. This is a fact," Li Guihua, the General Police Division of the Hong Kong Guoan Department, said at a press conference. "But we will not stop hunting them."
Hong Kong leader Li Jiachao's statement is even more straightforward. "Relevant persons to end the wanted career are only this method, otherwise they will be wanted for life," he said on Tuesday.
What is the government in other countries reacted? 
The Hong Kong Government's reward is wanted to have strong protests from government officials (the United States, Britain, and Australia), which are currently living in eight people. The US State Department said that the National Security Law is applicable to the "precedent of setting danger to set up dangers, threatening human rights and basic freedom of the people around the world."
advertise
Australian Foreign Minister Huang Yingxian(PennyWong)Said that the Australian government is "deeply concerned" about the wanted order and will continue to speak on human rights issues. "Freedom of speech and rally is critical to our democratic system. We support Australians who exercise these rights," she was [Twitter] on Monday [Twitter] on Monday(https://twitter.com/SenatorWong/status/1676051440543096832)Written.
British Foreign Minister James Cleverly on Monday Declaration According to China, Britain "will not tolerate China's attempts and suppress overseas Hong Kong people."
However, a spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in the UK accusing British politicians with "blatant shelter and wanted criminals" is an interference in China's internal affairs.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230705/hong-kong-bounties-dissidents/ 
How can China control the exports of exports to prevent the interruption of supply chain? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T04:01:00Z
Description: Beijing announced the latest export control, affecting the supply of two key semiconductor metals, and is expected to impact the United States, Japan, South Korea and the European Union. Global chip war has become more and more intense.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['专题报道：习近平访美', '稀土元素', '南希·佩洛西']
Keywords: ['稀土', '半导体', '芯片', '晶圆', '出口管制', '中美关系', '中美贸易战']
Id: 66118831
Intel, the largest semiconductor industry in the United States, said that he is evaluating the statement of the Chinese Ministry of Commerce and intends to diversify the supply chain.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) "Wall Street Journal" reported on Tuesday (July 4), China Restricted Semiconductor Key Metal Export The accelerated enterprise moved the supply chain out of China, and the current political and business circles of various countries are trying to reduce the impact of the "Sino -US trade war".
On the 3rd, the Ministry of Commerce of China announced that Export control will be implemented on the two metal minerals of 镓 and 锗 from August 1st The purpose is to protect national security. The next day. Mao Ning, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, emphasized that the control is an international practice, "justice, reasonable, non -discrimination", "not targeting any specific country."
Nevertheless, the international community generally believes that this move is aimed at the science and technology of the United States and its allies. Reuters pointed out that the timing of Beijing's announcement of this regulation is just before the United States Independence Day, and it is also before the US Treasury Secretary Janetyellen is about to visit China.
"China has hit the key to US trade restrictions," Peter Arches, chairman of the China International Mining Association (GMAC), told Reuters.
The two metal minerals of 金 and 两 are widely used in semiconductor materials, new energy and other fields. According to data from the European key raw material committees, China ’s cricket output accounts for about 80%of the world's, and the output of the pupae is about 60%. It is mainly exported to the United States, the European Union, Japan, and South Korea.
The "Wall Street Journal" reported that industry experts said that it is unlikely that this move in China will immediately crack down on the output of the supply chain, because excessive export restrictions will also hurt Beijing's own industrial development. However, under the wrestling of China and the United States, this move has sounded the alarm to the countries that may be affected.
China is reported to be the largest producer in the world. The picture shows the data of the minerals.

The Dutch government called on the 4th that the European Union must respond to new regulations issued by China. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that the measures will have a big impact on the European and Dutch economies, "depending on how China implements", which will "keep close connection with the European Commission and other EU member states.
Earlier on the same day, the European Commission also expressed concerns and stated that it was evaluating the potential impact of this move on the European industry, and at the same time urged China to restrict the content of the control in the scope of "clear security considerations".
Last week, new control measures were just sacrificed by the Netherlands It is required that the country's enterprises must apply for a license first when exporting some high -end chip manufacturing equipment. The restricted company includes the country's largest semiconductor equipment company Aisml (ASML). Even though this move did not indicate China, it was still regarded as Mehiro to block China to obtain high -end chip technologies.
Japan and South Korea worried about Taiwan to fade the impact? 
According to Bloomberg, at a routine press conference on the 4th, the Minister of Economy and Industry Nishimura Kangji said that the Japanese side will pay attention to how China implements metal export control and confirm the intention behind it. He said: "If (China) takes unfair measures to Japan, Japan will take corresponding measures in accordance with the WTO rules."
Recently, the European Union has also announced that it will deepen the cooperation with Japan in the semiconductor industry, including joint supervision chip supply chain, promoting the exchange of researchers and engineers, and also considering providing subsidies for Japanese semiconductor companies that develop business in the European Union.
What is the future of the chip industry? 
In May, Japan announced export control of 23 semiconductor equipment and materials And 42 "friendly countries and regions" are added to the list of simplified review procedures, including the United States, South Korea and Taiwan, which are not included in China. The control is expected to be officially implemented on July 23, so public opinion believes that this move in China is also a revenge on Japan.
The South Korean government also held an emergency meeting on the 4th to evaluate the potential consequences of China's implementation of export restrictions on export restrictions. Bloomberg reported that officials from the Ministry of Commerce of the Korean Industry Corporation stated that they did not rule out that China will further expand the export of other key semiconductor materials. Therefore, the Korean side "plans to further diversify the source of key materials" and be the materials that "highly depend on specific countries" materials. Find alternatives.
Analysis of Reuters, South Korea and Taiwan are the global chip manufacturing place , Try to "dilute" potential effects. Taiwan Economic Minister Wang Meihua told Taiwan media on the 4th that 镓 and 锗 are all primary raw materials. If they want to import to Taiwan, they must first pass through the United States and Japan. Long -term effect.
Li Chun, the secondary director of the Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in a media tea narrative that "China always adopts tooth to return to teeth" to counter the export restrictions of other countries This is expected to reduce dependence on Taiwan and other places.
How to deal with it? 
Reuters reports that the restrictions on metal exports in the industry in the industry will interfere with the industrial chain, so many companies compete for supply.
AXT Inc, headquartered in the United States, said that the national subsidiary Tongmei Crystal will immediately apply for a license to continue exporting 镓 and cymbal board products.
A spokesman for Intel said the company was evaluating the statement of the Ministry of Commerce of China, saying that the company's strategy was "having a diversified global supply chain" and "the risk of our local changes and (supply chain) interruptions dropped To the lowest ".
German companies also responded to China's export control. The picture shows the factory of the German semiconductor manufacturer Yingfei Ling, which was taken in 2013.
A German chip manufacturer Infineon anonymous sources emphasized to Reuters that most of the company's supply comes from outside China and has recently started production in factories in Malaysia.(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中國管制鎵鍺出口-各國如何嚴防供應鏈中斷？/a-66118831?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
When Meta is preparing for the application, Twitter challenges (Free Version) 
Author: Tim Higgins
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T05:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T05:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T03:51:00.000Z
Description: Twitter's challenge has intensified. Previously, Musk decided to limit the number of tweets browsing users on the platform, which made users feel frustrated, and competitors tried to benefit from it. The biggest competitive threat comes from Meta PlatForms, which revealed that Threads is planned to launch Twitter on Thursday.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001030444
Type: Article
Twitter's challenge has intensified. Previously, the company's owner Musk(ElonMusk)Deciding the number of tweets viewed by users on the platform, which makes users feel frustrated, and Twitter's competitors try to benefit from it.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/meta%E7%AD%B9%E5%A4%87%E6%89%93%E6%93%82%E5%BA%94%E7%94%A8%E4%B9%8B%E9%99%85-twitter%E6%8C%91%E6%88%98%E5%8A%A0%E5%89%A7-6eb809f8 
Police -civilian conflicts in Shanghai were injured and arrested 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T05:30:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:04:06-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The residents of Shanghai Haitang Xinyuan Community confront and conflict with the police. Netizens provide video screenshots. Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/GT1-07052023025.html/@@stream Recently, the residents of the first residential community in Qingpu, Shanghai, were dissatisfied with the property and the residential committee without the voting of the residential meeting. They cost 20 million yuan to rebuild the district fence, thereby preventing forcibly construction and conflict. The authorities dispatched the special police "to maintain stability", about ten people were taken away by the police, and several other residents were injured.
Large -scale conflict of residents in the two communities of Chengdu two communities in the two communities of the two communities in the two communities, the police are strongly involved in the police * "Don't be seen by others" Workers personally describe the protest of Chongqing Dagukou Pharmaceutical Factory ** Beijing residents resisted forced demolition and was charged with burn and was charged with explosion "Defend our homeland and our homeland ...", this is the residents of the residents of Haitang Xinyuan Community, Qingpu District, Qingpu District from June 30th to July 3rd from June 30th to July 3rd. In the case of voting in the conference, the exterior wall of the community is unauthorized, so that the construction party is prevented from entering the community. At seven or eight in the evening, many residents who came home from get off work joined the protests, and the two sides broke out fiercely. The authorities dispatched a special police officer to try to calm the incident. The angry residents removed the door to prevent the collision of the fence and cast it to the security guards and the joint police. About ten people were taken away.
 
Residents confront security for several consecutive days 
Another resident said that in the early morning of June 30, two private cars and two tools drove to the entrance of the community. Nearly 10 people in security uniforms forcibly opened the remote control of the security room, rushed into the community, then controlled and injured Two residents who are nearly 70 years old. Eight or nine people in black rushed into the community. A man forcibly opened the door of the security room, snatched the security guard's mobile phone, forcibly opened the gate remote control, and put the engineering car in. "
One of them: Residents of Shanghai Haitang Xinyuan Community confront the police. Two: A man was pushed to the ground. Left: The residents of Haitang Xinyuan Community took off the door to prevent the collision bar and threw it to the security guard. Two right: A protest was carried away by several policemen. Right: Wu Shennian, a 90 -year -old resident, was injured by security guards. The conclusion of the injury was a soft tissue. (Video screenshot/ancient pavilion provided) During the day, the residents confronted the security guard at the entrance of the community and asked the construction staff to leave the community. Many residents shouted "Roll out" at the entrance of the community: "The fire passage cannot be blocked. Do you know it illegally? Illegal invasion."
Some residents were pushed or kicked when protest. A 90 -year -old resident Wu Shennian was injured and was sent to the hospital for treatment.
Mr. Chen, a resident, said: "At that time, four or fifty people stopped at the gate of the community. Our community owners negotiated with them and asked them to return and not block the fire channels. But they always refused to retreat and beat some of our people. Some elderly people and young people were injured to varying degrees, and four or five people were taken to the police station. "According to residents, a lady was detained administrative detention for 7 days.This station called Haitang Xinyuan Community Property Company and Lotte Road Police Station on Wednesday, but no one answered the phone.
Some residents posted on social media and Sina Weibo that the exterior wall renovation project of Haitang Xinyuan Community consumed about 20 million yuan. Due to the failure of the developer's outreach insulation wall technology, there were hidden dangers and risks, government subsidy developers rectified the rectification Essence It was originally a project benefit project, but now it has become a project harm. For example, the developer gave the rectification plan to eliminate wall tiles and thermal insulation layers as a whole, and replace it with real stone paint coatings instead. This project will cause the value of the house to depreciate sharply. After the exterior wall is eliminated, the thermal insulation and waterproof and sound insulation effect will be significantly reduced; the thickness of the exterior wall decreases, resulting in the shrinking of the building area. There are transaction risks.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua and Xu Shuting He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt1-07052023053025.html 
The Singapore Monetary Administration announced the Creation record annual net loss (Free Version) 
Author: Ronnie Harui
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T05:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T05:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T04:26:00.000Z
Description: The central bank of Singapore announced a record of a record of the annual losses, due to the exchange effects brought by the strengthening of Singaporean, and the high interest expenditure generated by absorbing excess liquidity in the banking system.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
The central bank of Singapore announced a record of a record of the annual losses, due to the exchange effects brought by the strengthening of Singaporean, and the high interest expenditure generated by absorbing excess liquidity in the banking system.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%96%B0%E5%8A%A0%E5%9D%A1%E9%87%91%E7%AE%A1%E5%B1%80%E5%85%AC%E5%B8%83%E5%88%9B%E7%BA%AA%E5%BD%95%E5%B9%B4%E5%BA%A6%E5%87%80%E4%BA%8F%E6%8D%9F-ede3a338 
The U.S. banking crisis has heated the topic of mergers and acquisitions, but why is it delayed? (Free version) 
Author: Justin Baer / Gina Heeb
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T06:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T06:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T01:30:00.000Z
Description: Earlier this year, three closure incidents in the United States had occurred in a row, causing the topic of mergers and acquisitions to return to the schedule of the company's board of directors and regulatory agency meetings. But discussions and discussions are not easy to take action.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001024065
Type: Article
Earlier this year, there were three successive banks in the United States, and the topic of mergers and acquisitions returned to the schedule of the company's board of directors and regulatory agency meetings.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E9%93%B6%E8%A1%8C%E4%B8%9A%E5%8D%B1%E6%9C%BA%E5%82%AC%E7%83%AD%E5%B9%B6%E8%B4%AD%E8%AF%9D%E9%A2%98-%E4%BD%86%E4%B8%BA%E4%BD%95%E8%BF%9F%E8%BF%9F%E4%B8%8D%E8%A7%81%E4%BA%A4%E6%98%93-70e1228d 
The media said that Japan was prepared for Fukushima's treatment of water in August 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T07:15
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:30
Description: "Japan Economic News" reported that the UN nuclear supervision agency turned on a green light. The Japanese government plans to discharge the nuclear waste water processed by the Fukushima first nuclear power plant into the sea as soon as August. International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on Tuesday (July 4) announced the comprehensive water treatment of Fukushima ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '福岛第一核电站', '辐射', '国际原子能机构']
"Japan Economic News" reported that the UN nuclear supervision agency turned on a green light. The Japanese government plans to discharge the nuclear waste water processed by the Fukushima first nuclear power plant into the sea as soon as August.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) announced on Tuesday (July 4) to announce a comprehensive report of the Fukushima's processing of water, saying that Japan's plan "complies with international security standards." The report also evaluated that if it is discharged in stages according to the plan, the influence on the radiation of humans and the environment is "very small."
The Director -General of IAEA, Grones, said that it is safe to discharge Fukushima's treatment of water into the sea, but he also emphasized that discharge of Fukushima's treatment of water is the decision of the Japanese government. The IAEA report cannot be approved as the standard for approval of this policy.
Japanese Prime Minister Kishida said that with the IAEA review report, Japan hopes to fight for the decision to deal with the water in the water in the domestic and international support. This is an important milestone for the Fukushima first nuclear power plant accident caused by the 311 earthquake and tsunami in Japan in 2011.
Grones gave the report to Kishida Wenxiong in Tokyo on Tuesday. The IAEA investigation team inspected many times and completed the report for nearly two years. During Fukushima's processing water, IAEA will continue to evaluate safety.
Tokyo said in January this year that it is planned to deal with Fukushima in the "Spring to Summer", but it does not explain the specific discharge date. It is expected that the national nuclear regulatory agency will pass the week as soon as possible.
Fisheries trade unions such as Fukushima Prefecture, Japan have always opposed the treatment of Fukushima's processing of water, saying that many countries have banned imports of some foods in Japan because they are worried about nuclear radiation. The discharge of Fukushima's efforts to repair their reputation will be put into the east.
The opposition of the surrounding countries of Japan has not subsided. South Korean media reported that local people bought salt in panic due to worrying about the seawater pollution; Beijing publicly criticized the Paihai Plan , And protested by a press conference on Tuesday, the Chinese Embassy in Japan.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410766 
When China opens the border, selling Vietnamese women's activities again (Free Version) 
Author: Liyan Qi
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T07:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T07:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-01T00:54:00.000Z
Description: Signs such as turning over the small town of China and Vietnam have shown that the sales of Vietnamese women's activities due to the restrictions on the epidemic and the border fence have been suspended. Many soldiers, including minors, forced to marry Chinese men.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001016974
Type: Article
The new crown epidemic and the daunting fence The activities of selling Vietnamese girls and women to China almost stopped. In the past, many of these soldiers were forced to marry Chinese men. Today, such sale activities show signs of death.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E9%87%8D%E5%BC%80%E8%BE%B9%E5%A2%83%E4%B9%8B%E9%99%85-%E8%B4%A9%E5%8D%96%E8%B6%8A%E5%8D%97%E5%A5%B3%E6%80%A7%E6%B4%BB%E5%8A%A8%E5%86%8D%E5%BA%A6%E6%8A%AC%E5%A4%B4-46b66476 
China strictly controlled chip manufacturing key metal exports to promote the exploration of the supply chain diversification in Japan and South Korea 
Author: Jiyoung Sohn / Yang Jie / Rhiannon Hoyle
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T07:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T07:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T00:38:00.000Z
Description: The export control of the two key metals required for chip manufacturing is likely to promote the acceleration of the supply chain out of China. At present, some governments and industries are seeking to reduce the influence that the US -China economy confrontation has been intensified.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001030103
Type: Article
China's export control of two key minerals It is likely to promote the acceleration of the supply chain out of China. At present, some governments and industries are seeking a reduction in the increasingly intensified US -China economy confrontation And the affected influence.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%AF%B9%E7%A8%80%E6%9C%89%E7%9F%BF%E7%89%A9%E7%9A%84%E5%87%BA%E5%8F%A3%E7%AE%A1%E5%88%B6%E4%B8%BA%E6%97%A5%E9%9F%A9%E6%95%B2%E5%93%8D%E8%AD%A6%E9%92%9F-91ff4ad1 
High inflation changed the world (free version) 
Authors: ['马丁•沃尔夫']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T07:39:09+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T03:36:99+08:00
Description: Wolf: What we have experienced now is the long -lasting change of the currency environment, or is it just a temporary change? What should be in policy response?
Images: []
Themes: ['专栏', '全球经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['全球经济', '通货膨胀', '中央银行', '货币政策', '国际清算银行']
Type: Article
In high -income countries, consumers' price inflation rates are at the level that has not been seen over the past 40 years. As the inflation rate is no longer low, interest rates are no longer low. The era of "long -term low" interest rate has ended, at least so. So why did this happen? Will this be a long -lasting change? What should be in policy response?
In the past 20 years, International Clearance Bank(BIS)Provides a perspective that is different from most other international organizations and major central banks. It especially emphasizes the danger of super loose monetary policy, high debt and financial vulnerability. I agree with some parts of this analysis without the other part. But the disaster prophecy that often does not believe is worth thinking about. This time, its "Annual Economic Report"(Annual Economic Report)A valuable analysis of the macroeconomic environment is also provided.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100161 
Tiandong creatures ushered in a new CEO, will it be sold for the company? (Free version) 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T07:48:59+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-28T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-29T01:40:99+08:00
Description: This pharmaceutical company appointed a veteran in the industry as a new CEO of the industry, filling the vacancies for up to 18 months.
Images: [" 000185964_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '天境生物', '生物科技', '制药', '并购']
Type: Article
 Author Liang Wuren, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
After 18 months of chief executive officer vacancy, innovative drug manufacturer Tianjing Biotechnology Co., Ltd.(IMAB.US)Finally got his wish and appointed a new CEO. If Rajan Cantan(Rajkannan)If the past experience can be used as a reference, the company may be sold.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100117 
The white powder found that the white powder was closed for a time, saying it was cocaine 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T07:51
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T07:51
Description: The Western Wing of the United States was closed for a while because of the discovery of white powder. The source said that the capital fire and emergency service department identified the white powder as cocaine. The West Wing of the White House connects the US President Biden's administrative residence. It is the heart of the White House. The White House work in the West Wing of the White House ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['白宫', '可卡因', '拜登']
The Western Wing of the United States was closed for a while because of the discovery of white powder. The source said that the capital fire and emergency service department identified the white powder as cocaine.
The West Wing of the White House connects the US President Biden's administrative residence. It is the heart of the White House. Hundreds of White House staff entering and leaving the West Wing of the White House. The oval office, the cabinet room, the press hall, and the office of the presidential staff are located in this area.
Reuters reported that the US Special Service Office said on Tuesday (July 4) that the West Wing working space of the White House found a "unknown material" on Sunday, which caused the White House building group to be closed for a time.
A spokesman for the Special Service Bureau said in an email statement: "On Sunday night, the White House building complex entered a state of prevention, and officials of the Special Service Department's uniform department investigated the unknown material found in the work area."
A spokesman for the Special Service Bureau said that the Washington Fire Bureau has quickly determined that the material is not dangerous and investigated the incident.
A source said that the white powder was found in the West Wing of the White House, but did not disclose more details; another insider said that the Special Service Bureau found unknown substances during routine inspections, and then identified as cocaine.
Biden was not in the White House Sunday. He and his family returned to the White House on Tuesday on Tuesday.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410772 
Acquisition mother -in -law Vietnam assets Riqing Foods to show new direction (Free Version) 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T07:51:35+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T03:49:99+08:00
Description: The Chinese subsidiary of this instant noodle inventor will use $ 11.5 million to acquire the control of Vietnamese subsidiaries under the parent company.
Images: [" 000186511_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '日清', '方便面', '并购', '越南']
Type: Article
 Author Tan Ying, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
The Riqing brand is proud of the instant noodles in 1958 and the invention of the signature cup noodles in 1971. But with entering the Southeast Asian market, the name of Riqing seems to have fallen to the bottom. Its Vietnamese business is almost disappeared among the top ten local brands, which is in sharp contrast to its great success in the Mainland China and Hong Kong markets.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100162 
In many places in China, the floods are underwater to destroy the residential farmland 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-05T07:51:55.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T07:51:55.000Z
Description: The Chinese authorities predict that in the next one or two or two, China may have extremely weather, heavy rain, floods, and high -temperature heat waves.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['自然', '中國', '恶劣天气', '气候变化']
Type: Article
In many places in China, the floods in heavy rain are destroyed by the houses of residential houses 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66107920/P0FZ04m4/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66107920/p0fz04m4/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials China has encountered heavy rain in many places in China to destroy the residential farmland of the residential house 7 am on July 5, 2023
Recently, in the central and southwestern regions of China, the rising weather caused soaring rivers and drowns for farmland roads. Thousands of people have been evacuated.
In Wushan, Chongqing, a building collapsed in the turbulent flood. In Sanmenxia, Henan, some people were trapped in the river.
The Chinese meteorological department predicts that the national climate conditions will be generally different in the next month or two, there are more extreme weather, and disasters such as heavy rain and floods, high -temperature heat waves, etc.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66107920 
The wealthy in the United States is still continuing 
Author: Justin Lahart
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T08:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T08:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-04T07:32:00.000Z
Description: Although the inflation rate is high and the Federal Reserve has raised interest rates many times, the US economy is still steadily moving forward. But for many wealthy Americans, the economic recession seems to have begun.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001028267
Type: Article
The probability of the US economy in this year is decreasing. But the rich people decline Intersection Still continuing.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E4%BC%81%E7%A8%B3%E4%B9%8B%E9%99%85-%E5%AF%8C%E4%BA%BA%E8%A1%B0%E9%80%80%E4%BB%8D%E5%9C%A8%E7%BB%A7%E7%BB%AD-15172d35 
This Monday became the hottest day in the world's record 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T08:35:00Z
Description: According to the measurement of scientists from the National Environmental Forecast Center, this Monday (July 3) is the hottest day since the world's record. The global average temperature on this day reached 17.01 degrees.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 科技环境
Subjects: ['气候变化', '环境保护']
Keywords: ['气温', '天气', '纪录', '最热一天', '南极', '高温', '厄尔尼诺现象', '气候变化']
Id: 66121010
In Texas, a child played together with her father in the fountain to relieve the distress caused by high temperature weather.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) U.S. National Environmental Forecast(NCEP)On Tuesday (July 4), the global average temperature measured on July 3 broke the historical record. The center measured the global average temperature of 16.92 degrees Celsius in August 2016. The 17.01 degrees Celsius measured on Monday refresh the record again, becoming the hottest day in the world's record.
FRIEDERIKEOTTO, a researcher at the Grantham-Institut of Grandham-Institut at the Empire College of London, said: "This is not a milestone worthy of celebration. This is the death penalty sentence of human and ecosystems."
In the past few weeks, the southern United States has been attacked by a strong heat wave. China continues to appear in high temperature days , The temperature exceeds 35 degrees.
The temperature in North Africa is close to 50 degrees. Antarctica also appeared abnormal high temperature. Ukraine in the Antarctic Vernadsky Polar Scientific Examination Station in June measured 8.7 degrees temperatures to break the historical record.
Regarding the high temperature phenomenon around the world, scientists believe that this is a climate change and El Nino phenomenon The result of dual action.
*#
Asian countries are hot! 
China: Power Grid Stress Mountain 
In northern China, the temperature in many places has exceeded 40 ° C in many places, making many people "so hot to doubt life." Ren Gaorong, deputy director of the China National Climate Center, stated on June 2 that the highest temperature measured by 446 meteorological stations in China in May has reached or broke through the historical pole value of May. The demand for air conditioners has increased, and the country's power grid is under tremendous pressure.
*#
Asian countries are hot! 
India: Help Ganquan 
Volunteers in New Delhi distribute free drinks in the hot afternoon. In the past few days, India has been attacked in many places. At least 96 people who have the most population have died, and a large number of patients were hospitalized due to heat stroke. Due to the serious situation, Ballia India has canceled the vacation application of medical staff and urgently added a bed bed in the emergency ward to accommodate a large number of patients.
*#
Asian countries are hot! 
Vietnam: Water -grabbing lights! 
The courier in the picture strives to carry as much water as much as possible with his locomotive. In Hanoi, the capital of Vietnam, the demand for drinking water greatly increased. The local temperature hit a new high of 44.1 ° C in May. After the authorities said that the State Grid was under tremendous pressure in June, some cities had reduced public lighting, and government offices were also urged to reduce electricity by one -tenth.
*#
Asian countries are hot! 
Indonesia: Cool Wind Come on 
The temperature of Bandaaceh, Indonesia, has soared, holding a fan to give the female student a slight breath. The advent of the phenomenon of the saint also made Indonesians stand strictly and beware of agricultural damage and air pollution caused by forest wildfires.
*#
Asian countries are hot! 
India: Hot to suspend class and rest work 
The stuffyness of the "Prayagraj" (Prayagraj "in the northern India made it difficult to continue working. The highest temperature in the area on June 18 was as high as 43 ° C, which was 5 ° C higher than the normal value. The summer of India has fallen from April to June, but in the past 10 years, the summer temperature has become more violent. A government activity held by Mumbai in April died of 13 people, prompting some State to suspend classes for a week.
*#
Asian countries are hot! 
Thailand: Urgent ice cubes to dispel summer heat 
Workers in the Thai capital Bangkok are transporting ice to the market. Thailand has experienced a fatal heat wave in the past few weeks. The local in April has recorded a high temperature of 45.4 ° C. The Thai Meteorological Administration said that the humidity in some areas has made the somatosensory temperature up to 50 ° C, but it is expected to relieve after entering the rainy season.
*#
Asian countries are hot! 
Bangladesh: Water can carry boats and can cover the boat 
Bangladesh is one of the countries with the worst affected by climate disasters in the world. The children in the picture are in the Buriganga to reduce heat. The country ’s frequent rumors of the devastating hurricane and flood disasters, and the rise of sea level, also caused one -fifth of the country to face permanent flood threats.
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/本周一成为全球有记录以来最热的一天/a-66121010?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Lai Qingde's investment book supports the status quo on both sides of the strait and does not rule out dialogue with Beijing 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T08:53:00Z
Description: Taiwan Vice President Lai Qingde proposed the "4 pillars" in the "Wall Street Journal" and proposed plans for peace in Taiwan. He wrote that the status quo on both sides of the strait is in line with the best interests of the "Taiwan of the Republic of China" and the international community, and "does not rule out" talk to Beijing without prerequisites. How do I think of this submitting book from all walks of life?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '美国']
Keywords: ['台湾总统大选', '赖清德', '蔡英文', '柯文哲', '侯友宜', '两岸关系', '台海局势', '美国']
Id: 66121230
On April 12, the Democratic Progressive Party held a press conference and nominated the current vice president of Taiwan Lai Qingde to run for the 2024 presidential election.
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Taiwan's current vice president and the Democratic Progressive Party presidential candidate Lai Qingde in 2024 Tuesday (July 4) took the title of "I Security of the Taiwan Strait Peace", and voted for the Wall Street Journal. Firmly defend Taiwan's peace and stability and democratic achievements And reiterate the current situation on both sides of the strait, but also "does not rule out a conversation with the other side under mutual benefit, dignity, and no prerequisites."
"The care of democracy must start with my own. As a doctor, I will never heal patients without the treatment plan." Lai Qingde, who was born in a doctor, proposed the "4 pillars" solution for the peace on both sides of the strait. Resistance; strengthen supply chain security; establish partnership with democratic countries; promote pragmatic and consistent cross -strait policies.
Lai Qingde said: "No one is happy to see a threatening China, but this is the reality we face." He pointed out that Chinese military aircraft and warships still cross the sea and air near Taiwan every day. This reminds Taiwanese: "Democracy and freedom that you enjoy now must not be considered for granted."
Lai Qingde said that Facing Beijing's military and economic pressure , "Maintaining pragmatic and consistent cross -strait policies" is the first priority, and does not rule out dialogue with China, but the basis of the dialogue should be mutually beneficial, dignified, and no prerequisite.
For about eight years in the administration of Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen, it has repeatedly stated that he is willing to seek "non -prerequisite for political premise" and constructive cross -strait peaceful dialogue.
A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, Zhu Fenglian, said in 2020 that the root cause of the tension between cross -strait relations is the DPP "unilaterally destroying the common political foundation of cross -strait dialogue and negotiation": "denied the" 1992 consensus "and deviated from a China principle. Can't talk about it. "
Lai Qingde's investment book reviews his experience from a doctor to politics, and considers himself that "the role positioning is the same as the political predecessor who maintained the security of the Taiwan Strait that year." The picture shows a scene in Taipei City. (Data photo)
What do you think of Lai Qingde voted for all circles? 
The claims in Lai Qingde's investment book largely continued Tsai Ing -wen's policy. Both emphasized the reform of national defense and believed that frequent exchanges with democratic allies Improve Taiwan's international status internationally Essence
Taiwan Foreign Affairs Director Li Chun told foreign media reporters in Taiwan on Tuesday (4th) that [Summit of the Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) May)(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/分析g7對中更強硬-調停戰爭不單靠北京/a-65689524)It shows that the international consensus has gradually appeared, and it is believed that the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait is "indispensable" for international security and prosperity.
Li Chun pointed out that at least 40 foreign visits to Taiwan this year. According to the Presidential Palace of Taiwan, Cai Yingwen met with Kevinhern, Chairman of the Republican Research Committee (RSC) of the American House of Representatives on the 4th, to meet the Japanese "Constitution, Re -Recentrous Renewal, National Super Party sent Taiwan Visiting Group" on the 3rd; The cross -party visit to Taiwan is expected to stay until July 9.
Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen met Mike Rogers, Chairman of the Military Commission of the United States Council on June 28. According to the Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the delegation led by Rogers is the largest US Congress visit in recent years.
Bloomberg analyzed that Lai Qingde's investment book released a signal to the United States and his allies, showing that he agreed with the United States to one of the main positions of Taiwan. US Defense Secretary LlaydAntin reiterated in June that the United States is still firmly committed to maintaining the status quo of the Taiwan Strait. According to reports, although Austin criticized China for "bullying" in the region, the United States also hopes to ensure that Taiwan will not "unnecessary to cause the hostility of Beijing." Instead, the United States will defend Taiwan.
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, Bonnieglaser, a scholar of the Marshall Fund Association of Washington, believes that Lai Qingde said he was willing to talk to Beijing on the basis of mutual benefit and dignity. It will adhere to the core principles of Tsai Ing -wen to deal with cross -strait relations. Ge Laiyi said that this article "should only be the first step in the planning of Lai Qingde's policy agenda." Perhaps when he passed the United States in the future, he would put forward more vision such as cross -strait relations and international roles in Taiwan.
Reuters quoted sources as saying that Lai Qingde was expected to visit the United States in August; Taiwan's presidential candidates would visit the United States traditionally to discuss its foreign policy agenda.
Recently, mainstream polls in Taiwan show that 3 presidential candidates at this stage Among them, the Democratic Progressive Party's Lai Qingde and Ke Wenzhe of the People's Party have supported Hou Youyi, the Kuomintang. According to the number released by the Taiwan Public Opinion Foundation on June 20, Lai Qingde's support was 36.5%, Ke Wenzhe 29.1%, and Hou Youyi 20.4%; 33%, Lai Qingde 30%, Hou Youyi is 23%.
Compared to Lai Qingde, Hou Youyi lacks specific cross -strait policies Essence However, Hou Youyi made a more clear statement on Monday (3rd), saying that "accepting the 1992 consensus that accepted the Constitution of the Republic of China, opposed the 1992 consensus of one country, two systems, and resolutely opposed Tsai Yingwen's stigma's 92 consensus."
Taiwan "Anti -Service Trade" student movement record record 
"Anti -Service Trade" protests broke into the Taiwan Legislative Yuan 
The Legislative Yuan has continued to controversy since reviewing the Cross -Strait Service Trade Agreement. Although the opposition believes that the Cross -Strait Services and Trade Agreement hurts Taiwan and the Taiwan economy, the Legislative Yuan joint will still be sent to the court to investigate through the March 17th of the Legislative Yuan. In order to protest, about 200 students were dominated by the protests, and they rushed into the Legislative Yuan the next night and had a pile of collision with the police in the hospital.
*#
Taiwan "Anti -Service Trade" student movement record record 
Pull up the banner occupation hall 
The protests who opposed the cross -strait service trade agreement black box operation originally held a "anti -service trade party" outside the Legislative Yuan. Unexpectedly, more than 200 students had no warning to turn over the wall to break through the legislature. Occupy the podium and pull up the requirements. They called for President Ma Ying -jeou to respond to the request.
*#
Taiwan "Anti -Service Trade" student movement record record 
Social response is different 
Students and social movements occupy the Legislative Yuan. The society responded to this reaction. The people supported by the people believed that the ruling party was too very dry. The service trade agreement should be reviewed one by one. Computer equipment is not a manifestation of democracy.
*#
Taiwan "Anti -Service Trade" student movement record record 
Ma Ying -jeou insists on "service trade" 
Taiwan President Ma Ying -jeou held an international press conference in the Presidential Palace on the morning of the 23rd that it was not easy for Taiwan to develop democracy. Students should not occupy the parliament illegally because they were dissatisfied with the examination of the cross -strait service trade agreement. He also emphasized that Taiwan is a small and open economy, and 70 % of economic activities depends on international trade, and the cross -strait service trade agreement has its necessity for Taiwan.
*#
Taiwan "Anti -Service Trade" student movement record record 
Spelling crowd transfer position 
The anti -service trade people who were protested in the Legislative Yuan suddenly moved to the Executive Yuan on the evening of the 23rd. Not only did they climb up to the Wall of the Executive Yuan. The police picked up the shield to drive away from the people in accordance with the law.
*#
Taiwan "Anti -Service Trade" student movement record record 
Conflict trigger bleeding incident 
The "anti -black box service trade" protested by the Executive Yuan of the Supreme Administrative Organ in Taiwan protested, and was driven by town police officers with alarm stick, shield, and powerful water column. Restore peace.
*#
Taiwan "Anti -Service Trade" student movement record record 

The police were expelled by the police, and the protesters temporarily retreated to the Legislative Yuan. However, the students not only did not have the plan to leave the field, but also expanded their demand strikes and strikes.
*#
Taiwan "Anti -Service Trade" student movement record record 
Ma Ying -jeou is willing to talk to student representatives 
On March 25, Ma Ying -jeou's office spokesman Li Jiazheng said that the "Legislative Yuan" confession was still paralyzed, impacting the operation of the legislative agency operation with the authorities. Legislative agencies have returned to normal. Li Jiayu also said that if the students responded positively, Ma Ying -jeou's office would send representatives to the invitation.
*#
Taiwan "Anti -Service Trade" student movement record record 
Student insisted on public dialogue 
Student leaders of the protests invited to respond to responding that they were more willing to talk to President Ma Ying -jeou publicly compared with President Ma Ying -jeou. Their four main demands are: the Citizen Constitutional Conference, the cross -strait agreement supervise the legalization of legalization, and the legalization of the cross -strait service trade agreement before the legalization, and the legislators of the court and the field respond to the people's requirements.
Author: Neil/Quiet
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/賴清德投書支持兩岸現狀-不排除與北京對話/a-66121230?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Federal Court announced that restrictions on Biden officials talk to social media companies 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T08:58
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T08:58
Description: A Federal Court of Court of Federal Court issued an order to restrict the Bayeng government and social media companies to conduct dialogue, asking for review of social media content to suppress remarks and views of opposition. This major decision may weaken the efforts of the US government's cracking on wrong information about health and other issues ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国政府', '美国联邦调查局', '社交媒体平台', '共和党']
A Federal Court of Court of Federal Court issued an order to restrict the Bayeng government and social media companies to conduct dialogue, asking for review of social media content to suppress remarks and views of opposition.
This major decision may weaken the US government's efforts to crack down on wrong information about health and other issues.
According to the "New York Times" and Reuters, the Republican Chief Prosecutor of Louisiana and Missouri initiated a lawsuit, accusing the Bayeon government's attempt to suppress critic's voice too much. They claimed that government officials were worried that the posts that questioned the crown vaccine or subverted the election affected public opinion and encouraged social media companies to strictly review the contents of the post.
The Federal Judge of Louisiana ruled on Tuesday (July 4) to restrict the Bayeng government and social media platforms on a large number of online content.
Suppress or reduce content containing freedom of remarks "and talk to social media companies.
The order of the Federal Federal Federal Federation on Tuesday may have a significant impact on the first amendment of the US Constitution, which is a major progress on the fierce legal struggle around the boundary of the online speech.
The decision of Luzhou Federal Judge is a victory for Republicans. They often blame social media websites such as Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube to delete the right content in proportion, and sometimes even cooperate with the Biden government.
Democrats believe that these platforms have failed to fully regulate error messages and hatred remarks, leading to dangerous consequences including violence.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410776 
The 25th anniversary of Kai Tak Airport's closure: Finally, the head of the passenger flights recalls the thrilling airport in Hong Kong 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-05T09:10:33.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:10:33.000Z
Description: The Hong Kong Kai Tak International Airport, known for its high landing difficulty, has been closed for 25 years, but for pilots who take the final flight, all kinds of calendar at the time.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['历史', '航空旅行', '香港', '交通运输']
Type: Article
Kai Tak Airport's 25th anniversary: Finally, the passenger aircraft chief recalls the thrilling airport in Hong Kong 
Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66108373/P0FZ07SG/ZH-HansS Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials * Kai Tak Airport's 25th anniversary: Finally, the passenger flight chief recalls the thrilling airport of Hong Kong 9:10 am on July 5, 2023
In the early morning of July 6, 1998, as Cathay Pacific Airlines flight CX251 departs to London. After the air -load aircraft turned around, the Hong Kong Kai Tak International Airport runway was closed for the last time. The city airport meritoriously retired.
The landing routes commonly used in Kai Tak Airport are extremely thrilling. Over the years, it has brought countless unforgettable journey to passengers, and is also constantly challenging pilot technology. In reality, Kai Tak has been re -developed, but the simulated flying world has always retained the airport to show tribute.
On the occasion of the 25th anniversary of Kai Tak Airport, the BBC World Service column "Witnesshistory" interviewed Capt Kim Sharman, Capt Kim Sharman, the last Anti -departure CX251, Looking back at his years of Kai Tak.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66108373 
The balance and dilemma in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-05T09:19:18.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:19:18.000Z
Description: The leaders of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) seeks to strengthen contact at the summit held on Tuesday (July 4) to enhance cooperation within this expanding Eurasian Group, and at the same time emphasize that the organization does not target any country.
Images: [" _130149819_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['纳伦德拉·莫迪', '俄国', '习近平', '印度', '中國', '弗拉基米尔·普京']
Type: Article
The balance and dilemma in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit 
9:19 am on July 5, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The international situation such as the Russian and Ukraine War made the relationship between the members of the SCO organizations complex (data picture)
The leaders of the member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) seeks to strengthen the connection at the summit held on Tuesday (July 4). nation. 
The summit conducted by online video was chaired by India, and the heads of state of China, India and Russia all delivered speeches, and used a joint statement to indicate that they opposed the use of groups, ideology and hostile methods to respond to international problems and security challenges.
Organize the announcement of the New Delhi declaration, support member states to implement the expansion of the line diagram of the settlement of the local currency, and pointed out that the member states will expand and deepen cooperation to promote the sustainable economic and social development of the SCO region.
In addition to India, member states have also expressed support for China's vast "Belt and Road" initiative.
Russian President Putin attended the international conference for the first time after a brief mutiny. He guaranteed the stability and unity of Russia from leaders from various countries.
Chinese President Xi Jinping once again emphasized alert to the "New Cold War."
The Indian Prime Minister Modi, who had completed visit to the United States not long ago, urged all member states to cooperate in counter -terrorism affairs.
Xi Jinping's first visit to the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit since the epidemic of Xi Jinping's epidemic * Shanghai Cooperation Organization China -Russia jointly compete for the history and status of the US mechanism The Asian Security Group, founded by Russia and China, also welcomes Iran to become new members, adding to nine member states.
China, Russia, and four Central Asian countries formed the Shanghai Cooperation Organization in 2001 to limit the influence of the West in the region.
Image source, Russian Government
Image adding text,
Putin has attended the International Conference for the first time since the Vagna Group's mutiny
Putin: Sanctions make Russia stronger 
Russian President has appeared on the International Forum for the first time since the short rebellion of the Wagner Group last month.
He said at the summit that Russia would resist the West and his "provocation" of his "special military operations" in Ukraine.
He seemed to use this platform to send confrontation to the West. He said: "Russia resist all these external sanctions, pressures and provocations, and continue to develop unprecedentedly."
"The Russian people are united before," Putin said in a TV speech in the Kremlin of Moscow.
"Russia's political circles and the entire society stand unity and unity at the front line that opposes the trials of armed rebellion, clearly showing the unity and responsibility of the fate of the motherland."
Since the military attack in Ukraine last year, Russia has been constantly being sanctions and isolation in the West, and the country has regarded China, India and Iran as key partners in the geopolitical pressure in the West.
Putin's support of the local currency trade agreement between member states is also considered an attempt to weaken Western sanctions.
He said: "I want to thank my colleagues from the member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, they have expressed their support for the protection of the constitutional order and the safety of citizen's life of the Russian leadership."
Putin added that more than 80%of the people between China and Russia have settled in rubles and RMB, and urged other members of Shanghai Cooperation Organization to follow the same process.
He also welcomes Russian allies Belarus to apply for a member of the SCO next year.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Modi has never criticized Russia for the Ukrainian war
Iranian naturalization 
Indian Prime Minister Modi announced at the summit that Iran officially became a member of the SCO -this was regarded as a new step in international isolation at the time of strengthening relations with Iran and China and Russia.
Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi said: "The benefits of the Iranian Republic of the Islamic Republic will be historic."
The Iranian Republic News Agency (IRNA) quoted Laish's speech that he hoped that the identity of member states would pave the way for improving security, respect for the sovereignty of member states, sustainable development, and response to environmental threats.
UN Secretary -General Antonio Guterres said in a message that the summit is dealing with increasingly growing global challenges and risks.
The Associated Press quoted Gutres: "When the world needs to work together, the differences are intensifying, and the situation of geopolitical tensions is rising."
"These differences have been added to the drama due to various factors: different treatment methods for the global crisis; different views on non -traditional security threats; of course, there are the consequences of the new crown epidemic and Russian invasion of Ukraine."
Xi Jinping: Be wary of external forces to incite the "New Cold War" 
When it was Chinese President Xi Jinping's speech, he mentioned the importance of maintaining the peace and security of the region, and urged the SCO member states to "take the right direction and promote unity and mutual trust."
In his speech, he mentioned that China insists on resolving different contradictions between the country through dialogue and promoting geopolitical problems, but he also called for "external forces to incite the new cold war in the region."
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
China and India have been more tense since the border conflict between 2020
Xi Jinping and Puju advocate that promoting a system that can turn to foreign trade with local currency settlement to avoid the use of US dollars, especially when Russia is sanctioned.
Xi Jinping said that trade relations between member states need to be closer. In addition to expanding the proportion of the settlement of the local currency settlement between member states, he also advocated promoting the establishment of a SCO Development Bank, and at the same time emphasized the need to maintain economic globalization, and said that he opposed protectiveism, opposed unilateral sanctions, and the establishment of barriers to establish barriers to the "detachable chain" Essence
In terms of security transactions, he reminded countries to master the future of development and progress in their hands, "resolutely oppose any country to interfere with the internal affairs of the internal affairs and motivate the color revolution."
Diplomatic balance and dilemma 
The Associated Press commented that although the Shanghai Cooperation Organization continued to expand, the organization still faces the risk of conflict between interest and friction between member states.
The New Delhi declaration mentioned that the six member states of the organization -Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, Russia, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan -all reiterated their support for the China Belt and Road Initiative.
Image source, getty images
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcast
However, India opposes this initiative because the infrastructure design in the initiative includes parts of Kashmir controlled by Pakistan, and New Delhi believes that the region should be part of its split territory.
India and Pakistan have been opposed for a long time on Kashmir's issue -this controversial Himalayan region has been divided by the two countries, but both countries claim that they have all sovereignty.
At the same time, thousands of soldiers were stationed on the disputed border between Delhi and Beijing in the Ladaka region of the East, and the state of stalemate confrontation has been in the state for several years.
In addition, the convening of the SCO Summit was just as the Ukraine War continued, and Moscow deepened China's diplomacy in this war.
Although New Delhi avoids criticizing Russia's invasion, the relationship between Moscow and China may provoke India in the long run and complicate its relationship with today's Russia.
The Indian Prime Minister Modi, who presided over the summit, called on member states to strengthen trade, interconnection and scientific and technological cooperation.
He did not mention the increasing existence of the Ukrainian war or China in the Indo -Pacific region -as India, which has never been united, because his relationship with the West has become increasingly close and he has to maintain a balance in diplomacy.
A few days ago, when the United States went to Washington for a state visit, the United States gave him a grand reception when he visited Washington for a state visit.
On the other hand, India has always refused to blame the Ukrainian war on Russia, and has greatly expanded bilateral trade by increasing the purchase of Russian oil, which angered the West.
Although Modi had a problem of regional security at the summit, it did not mention that China -China and India have long -term hostile relations. The two countries have erupted a fatal conflict on the long -term dispute between the two countries in 2020. It has continued to this day to a certain extent.
The West has increasingly regarded India as the power to check and balance China, even if the Delhi has never publicly recognized this.
At the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit, India avoided talking about this again.
Instead, the Indian Prime Minister urged member states to cooperate in cross -border terrorism.
"Some countries use cross -border terrorism as a policy tool to provide asylum for terrorists ... The SCO should not be polite when criticizing these countries," Modi said.
Such a statement is often considered to be targeted at neighboring Pakistan.
Pakistan Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif said that the member states of SCO must take measures to "combat the three major crimes of terrorism, extremism and divisionism.
However, he also said that the efforts of the minority of religious factions should not be demonized by the "pursuit of the domestic political agenda" -s are considered to be considered by India, and Pakistan often accuses the latter of failing to protect Muslim rights.
The Modi government has always denied that India has not protected its domestic religious minority, India's population is mainly Hindus.
When the Shanghai Cooperation Organization was established in 2001, it includes four former Soviet Republics of Central Asia, including China -Russia and Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Gilgisan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. India and Pakistan joined in 2017.
After Iran joined this year, Belarus may also apply for joining next year.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66108220 
Discuss cooperation for the "Malay Declaration" Mahathir Murdin 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T09:22
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:20
Description: Malaysia's two former leaders Mahathir and Muyudin met and discussed in cooperation in the "Malays Declaration" movement. Xingzhou.com reported that the National Alliance Chairman Mu Yuding arrived at Mahathir's house on Tuesday (July 4), and the two met with a meeting of about two hours. Muyudin leaders in Mahathir ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马哈迪', '慕尤丁', '马来西亚']
Malaysia's two former leaders Mahathir and Muyudin met and discussed in cooperation in the "Malays Declaration" movement.
Xingzhou.com reported that the National Alliance Chairman Mu Yuding arrived at Mahathir's house on Tuesday (July 4), and the two met with a meeting of about two hours.
Muyudin became the Prime Minister after the Pakatan Harapan government led by Mahathir. The Chairman of the Malay Declaration Secretariat, Keludin, issued a statement saying that Muyudin and Mahathir's meeting will inject a new spirit into the efforts of consolidating and strengthening the Malays.
"These two Malay veterans are willing to put aside all the political differences in the past, in order to ensure the continuation of the struggle, and strengthen the national status on this sacred land."
"Mahathir and Muyadin's praise, will become a new support for all the Malays who are very 'eager' to comprehensively unify and unite."
Kaelin said that meeting with Muyudin was the hope of Mahathir's hope to realize the comprehensive and unified manifestation of the Malay people to implement the hope and dreams of all Malays.
He said: "In fact, the Malaysian Declaration Movement of the" No Party "opened the door to any Malay who eager to unite, no matter what their political ideology is."
"The Malay Declaration Secretariat will work hard to unite the entire Malay society in the" overall "method, and then find out all controversial issues to find solutions for each problem that has always troubled us."
The media reported last week that Mahathir revealed that he hoped to meet with Muyudin to explain the purpose of the "Malay Declaration". Mahathir is also willing to cooperate with Muyudin again. Mu Yuding then responded that he was ready to cooperate again for "race, religion and state" with Mahathir.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410782 
In June, the PMI of China ’s service industry fell to 53.9, and the comprehensive PMI Qi Creation was low in the year (Free Version) 
Author: None
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T09:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T01:13:00.000Z
Description: In June, Caixin China ’s service industry purchasing manager index fell to 53.9, a 3.2 percentage point from the previous month, which was low during the year, showing that the growth rate of service industry activities weakened, but expanded for the sixth consecutive month.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济', '中国经济']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Caixin Media and Research Company Markit announced on Wednesday in the morning that Caixin China ’s service industry purchasing manager index in June(PMI)It fell to 53.9, a decrease of 3.2 percentage points from the previous month, which was low during the year, showing that the growth rate of service industry activities weakened, but it still expanded for the sixth consecutive month.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%B4%A2%E6%96%B06%E6%9C%88%E4%BB%BD%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%9C%8D%E5%8A%A1%E4%B8%9Apmi%E9%99%8D%E8%87%B353-9-%E4%B8%8E%E7%BB%BC%E5%90%88pmi%E9%BD%90%E5%88%9B%E5%B9%B4%E5%86%85%E6%AC%A1%E4%BD%8E-764ed8cd 
Demystrate the "FRE Version" team that the United States is funded worldwide 
Author: Michael M. Phillips
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T09:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T04:11:00.000Z
Description: In more than a dozen developing countries that believe that police agencies have serious corruption and difficult to trust, the staff of the American embassy personally selects local law enforcement units to check whether they have improper behavior and to a large extent to assign them tasks that meet the interests of the United States. Essence
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001020745
Type: Article
A tranquility was smooth. The Kenyan police funded by the US government wants to buy a live -through pangolin on the market. This is an animal -like animal, which has been endangered. Its scales and meats sell in some parts of Asia.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E8%B5%84%E5%8A%A9%E5%85%A8%E7%90%83%E5%BD%B1%E5%AD%90%E8%AD%A6%E5%AF%9F%E5%8D%95%E4%BD%8D-%E6%89%93%E5%87%BB%E8%85%90%E8%B4%A5%E5%9B%BD%E5%AE%B6%E7%9A%84%E7%8A%AF%E7%BD%AA%E8%A1%8C%E4%B8%BA-cdbbee4b 
How to seize the nickel industry in Indonesia, the key part of the leading electric vehicle supply chain (Free Version) 
Author: Jon Emont
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T09:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T07:54:00.000Z
Description: As Chinese enterprises have controlled the hard -working craftsmanship, Indonesia's huge nickel minerals have opened the door to the electric vehicle industry of nickel resources. China has also raised its dominant position in Indonesia, which has developed into the world's largest nickel origin.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001029695
Type: Article
The Indonesian Islands are now building nickel ore processing plants to provide raw materials for electric vehicle batteries. Five years ago, factories in Indonesia did not even have a family in Indonesia.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E4%BD%95%E4%BB%A5%E5%9C%A8%E9%95%8D%E5%82%A8%E9%87%8F%E5%82%B2%E8%A7%86%E5%85%A8%E7%90%83%E7%9A%84%E5%8D%B0%E5%B0%BC%E5%8D%A0%E6%8D%AE%E4%B8%BB%E5%AF%BC%E5%9C%B0%E4%BD%8D-659191b2 
The wreckage of the satellite satellite has been salvaged that the water Korean army refers to satellites and does not have military surveillance capabilities 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T10:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T10:00
Description: The South Korean military said on Wednesday (July 5) that the spy satellite wreckage that North Korea has failed recently has been salvaged and stated that the satellite does not seem to have military surveillance capabilities. The South Korean military issued a statement: "Details on the main components of the salvaged North Korean aerospace carrier and satellites ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['朝鲜', '卫星', '韩国']
The South Korean military said on Wednesday (July 5) that the spy satellite wreckage that North Korea has failed recently has been salvaged and stated that the satellite does not seem to have military surveillance capabilities.
The South Korean military issued a statement: "After a detailed analysis of the main components of the salvaged North Korean aerospace carrier and satellites, South Korean and American experts evaluated that North Korean satellites do not have military use as a reconnaissance satellite at all."
The South Korean military said the salvage operation ended on Wednesday.
North Korea ’s space carrier launched in Dongcangli, Ping An North Road on May 31, failed to ignite after the first -level separation, and then fell into the West Sea. The South Korean military has recovered part of the North Korean satellite in June. The Korean and American military analyzed the wreckage salvaging water.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410792 
After Wagner's soldiers changed, Putin sought to show the strong image to overseas 
Author: Ann M. Simmons
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T10:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T10:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T00:46:00.000Z
Description: Nearly two weeks after Wagner's soldiers had been miscarriage, Putin attended the Senter Organization Online Summit to meet with some major foreign allies for the first time to seek this opportunity to believe that a number of Asian leaders believed that he still controlled the situation in China.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001030034
Type: Article
Challenge Putin since last month(Vladimir Putin)[Bing Mo Domestic abortion] in the leadership position(https://cn.wsj.com/articles/CN-BGH-20230626091319)For the first time, the Russian President met with some major foreign allies to seek this opportunity to believe that the Asian leaders believed that he still firmly controlled the situation in China.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%93%A6%E6%A0%BC%E7%BA%B3%E5%85%B5%E5%8F%98%E5%90%8E-%E6%99%AE%E4%BA%AC%E5%AF%BB%E6%B1%82%E5%90%91%E6%B5%B7%E5%A4%96%E5%B1%95%E7%A4%BA%E5%BC%BA%E5%A4%A7%E5%BD%A2%E8%B1%A1-36ea9126 
The movie "Barbie" was banned in Vietnam in Vietnam using the "nine -stage line" in China 
Creator: JIN YU YOUNG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-05T10:29:57+08:00
Description: A scene of "Barbie" contains the so -called nine -stage line, which is used by China to mark the country's claim for the South China Sea's 90%of the territory. Although the international court has ruled that the claim has no legal basis, Beijing continues to seek to dominate this controversial waters. James Gourley/Getty Images was banned by Grait Tita Geweg and starring Magat Robby on Monday in Vietnam.
Images: [" 04vietnam-bar... "]
Category: 亚太
Type: Article
 This summer, Vietnam will not usher in the world of Barbie " Essence
This Southeast Asian country banned the film "Barbie" directed by Graita Geweg(Barbie)Because a scene in the film includes the so -called nine -segment line That is, a U -shaped virtual line on the map marked on the map, and both China and Vietnam claimed that this sea area was its own territory.
Chinese maps will use the nine -segment line to mark the South China Sea 90% The sea area belongs to China.
Although the Hague International Court ruled that China has no legal basis in 2016, China has not acknowledged this ruling, but sought to control the waters and actively carrying out aggression operations And build military facilities.
advertise
On Monday, Vietnamese Film Director Victoria Jianqing said that there has been a long -term tension with China Vietnam will not release this new film, because the nine -segment map is used in the film. This decision was made by the National Film Evaluation Microteching Committee, which is responsible for the license and review of Vietnam's introduction of films in Vietnam.
In the official media on Monday, Wei Jianqing confirmed that "Barbie" was banned because of "the illegal picture of the" beef tongue "in the film." The "beef tongue line" is the common reputation of Yuefang's nine -segment line.
Official newspaper Vietnam+"(Vietnam Plus) According to the writing, the film's decision to add the nine -segment line "distorted the facts and violated the basic law, especially violated Vietnam's territorial sovereignty."
China, Vietnam, the Philippines, Taiwan, Malaysia and Brunei all propose territorial claims to the South China Sea. This sea area includes islands and other strategic maritime characteristics.
"Barbie" starring Magat Robby, Ryan Goslin and many stars was originally scheduled to be released in Vietnam on July 21. Some Vietnamese fans support the government's ban. Huang Chunbai (Yin), a 23 -year -old college student, said that the filmmaker should not be able to join the nine -segment line map.
"I hope this movie fails," he said.
advertise
This is not the first time that Vietnam has banned movies with nine -segment line map. Sony action film "Mysterious Sea" starring Tom Herland in 2022(Uncharted)And 2019 DreamWorks Animation "Snowman Story"(Abominable)Both were withdrawn from Vietnam for the same reason.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/asia-pacific/20230705/barbie-vietnam-south-china-sea/ 
The new helm of the People's Bank of China takes the autumn of economic affairs (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Leng', '李若瑟', '白艾德']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T10:48:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T05:43:99+08:00
Description: An imminent challenge faced by Pan Gongsheng is that people are arguing fiercely, when and how large the large -scale monetary policy stimulus should be introduced.
Images: []
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国央行', '中国经济', '潘功胜', '货币政策', '高端专享']
Type: Article
Pan Gongsheng took over the Bank of China(PBoC)It is the world's second largest economy -and the People's Bank of China itself -at an uncertain moment.
The bank will strive to restart the recovery of the post -epidemic recovery of China ’s weakness of investors' confidence -for the problem of weak investor confidence, many experts believe that they cannot easily rely on monetary policy to solve. Moreover, some of the regulatory functions of the People's Bank of China were stripped to another regulatory agency during a round of regulatory agencies, which led to weakening its power.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100166 
The SCO is intended to create anti -US & quot; Huali Organization 2.0 version & quot;? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T10:51:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:00:36-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The large -screen President Xi Jinping attended the news clips of the Beijing Conference of Shanghai Cooperation Organization through a video connection. Reuters picture AUDIO-LLTTPS: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx1-07052023025.html/@stream Chinese President Xi Jinping pointed out at the SCO Conference that it is necessary to highly be alert to inciting "New Cold War" in the region, opposing foreign motivation "color revolution", and cracking down on "East Turkistan" and other forces, and suggested expanding the share of "local currency settlement". Scholars analyzed that Xi Jinping intends to create a "two -o'clock version of Warsaw Treaty Organization".
Xi Jinping warns color revolutionary netizens: white is also a color On the eve of the 14th anniversary of the 7th Five -Year Plan incident in China, Xi Jinping stated at the director of the head of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization on July 4 that on July 4, it was highly alert to the "New Cold War" and manufacturing camp confrontation in the region, and resolutely opposed the opposition in the region. Any country interfere in the internal affairs and motivate the "color revolution" for any reason. We must continue to carry out joint operations and severely crack down on "three forces" such as "East Turkistan".
In an interview with Radio Asia, Tang Jingyuan, a commentator from the American current affairs, pointed out that the SCO established its sincerity to focus on security cooperation, which is the name of China and Russia to combat counter -terrorism. , Finance, currency, and even comprehensive alliances of military cooperation. Xi Jinping said that he did not engage in the Cold War, and was actually strengthening confrontation.
From the expansion of counter -terrorism to political and economic, diplomacy, consciousness, currency and other all -round alliances 
Tang Jingyuan analyzed: "Xi Jinping has an abacus. He wants to make the SCO into a two -point version of Warsaw Treaty organization to fight the regional nature of the North Atlantic Convention. For the core, confront the United States Allied Group, and for the next step in China and the United States, competition may be intensified, wider, and stronger, and make some preparations. "
According to Xinhua News Agency, Xi Jinping said in terms of economic fields, saying that he opposes "building walls and setting up bases" and "decaptering chain". It is necessary to strengthen the construction of the Belt and Road Initiative, it is recommended to expand the share of national national currency, expand the sovereign digital currency cooperation, and promote the establishment of the SCO Development Bank.
Xi promotes the "home currency settlement" to the US dollar and the internationalization of RMB 
Tang Jingyuan said that Xi promoted the "home currency settlement" intended to confront the currency value. "Xi Jinping hopes to implement the US dollar and the internationalization of the RMB. The SCO is a very good platform and carrier. Then use his Belt and Road, that is, the Belt and Road is from the line, and the" face -shaped "is the international RMB international. The strategy of turning and going to the US dollar. This is a very important step in his strategic competition with the United States. "
Tang Jingyuan believes that Xi Jinping envisages the use of economic debt traps and political coercion, and binds these national interests with the above members of the members as the core, like a bond to form a very huge political force, and the free democratic camp led by the United States to form two two to form two two to form two. Big campus confrontation.
On July 4, 2023, Xi Jinping said at a meeting of the members of the members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization through the video that it was highly alert to incite the "New Cold War" and manufacture camp confrontation in the region, and resolutely opposed any country to interfere with any reason for any reason. Internal affairs and "color revolution". We must continue to carry out joint operations and severely crack down on "three forces" such as "East Turkistan". (Reuters video screenshot/cctv) The members of the SCO include China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tagikistan, Uzbekistan, Pakistan, India, and Iran. Mongolia, Belarus, and Afghanistan are observer states.
Terrorist tissue micro -high -quality organization disappears? 
Shen Ming room, director of the National Security Research Institute of Taiwan National Defense Security Research Institute, accepted an interview with Radio Free Asia that the SCO was established in Shanghai in 2001. Now the power of terrorist organizations is scattered, and the Islamic State cannot produce effects. However, China is still very concerned about the so -called East Turkey Terrorist Organization in Xinjiang near Central Asia to emphasize joint operations to prevent radical organizations and their religious people.
This year, as the host country of the rotating chairman, India announced that Iran became a member country, and signed a memorandum of Belarus to join the obligations. According to Shen Ming's analysis, Indian President Modi Da can hold a grand entity meeting, but he just visited the United States and talked happily with Biden. It would not have to be "sent to us" with video to avoid opportunities with Putin and Xi Jinping. Essence
Shen Mingshu pointed out that most of the members of the SCO Organization opposed the United States, or that the United States was regarded as a so -called evil axis or challenging the national interests of the United States. Like India, it is a democratic election country. There is no external forces to intervene, and there is no need to worry about the color revolution. India has not advocated supporting the Belt and Road Initiative. The China -Pakistan Economic Corridor spans Kashmir and is a disputed territory in China and India.
The internal interests of the SCO Organizations have two positions in the United States 
Shen Mingshi mentioned two different concepts within the SCO. "China and Russia hope to strengthen security cooperation and even cooperate with other countries to compete with the value of the United States and the West or military force. Holding a neutral attitude, not echoing China -Russia's claims, or maintaining a balance. Xi Jinping mentioned that he does not want the United States and other countries to influence the member states of the SCO's "de -risk, decoupling" strategy, and also calls on the Chinese side.
Russian President Putin said at the meeting that Russia was facing a mixed war and suffered unprecedented illegal sanctions. Putin mentioned that more than 80 % of the trade between China and Russia was carried out in local currency. Putin suggested to convert the counter -terrorism agencies in the organization from regional to global institutions.Chen Wenjia said: "From India as the host country, Iran joined the SCO to highlight Russia's dominance in the SCO. Especially in order to allow Russia to participate in, India has special vision news to avoid being arrested by Putin to India."
Russia has invaded Ukraine for more than a year, and the International Criminal Court issued a arrest warrant for Putin in March this year.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting Chen Meihua Yingqing.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx1-07052023084025.html 
The Presidential Office of Korea continues to pay attention 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T10:51
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T10:51
Description: South Korea ’s President’ s Office said on a comprehensive report of the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station issued by the UN nuclear supervision agency that the government puts national health and safety first and will continue to pay attention to the arrangements of the Japanese side. In the report, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) refers to Fukushima General ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '日本', '福岛第一核电站']
South Korea ’s President’ s Office said on a comprehensive report of the Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station issued by the UN nuclear supervision agency that the government puts national health and safety first and will continue to pay attention to the arrangements of the Japanese side.
In the report, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) refers to the plan that Fukushima will discharge nuclear waste water discharged into the sea in accordance with international security standards.
A spokesman for the Presidential Office of South Korea said on Wednesday (July 5) in an interview with Yonhap News Agency that IAEA is an authoritative organization in the field of nuclear energy security, and the government respects the report released by IAEA.
The spokesman said that the South Korean government will continue to pay attention to whether the disposal and monitoring plans proposed by the two countries will be implemented in close cooperation with the IAEA and the Japanese government. At the same time, the South Korean government will increase the nuclear radiation monitoring station established in the sea from the current 92 to 200, which has greatly strengthened the management of marine and aquatic products.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410798 
Column | Labor Communication: Shougang Industrial Park Cultural and Creative Building Project Wage Disputes in Fengtai District, Fengtai District, Beijing (3) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T10:56:50-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T10:56:50-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Photo: RFA AUDIO-Link: https: // Woohoo. Hair dye .org/mandarin/column/labor communication/good place -07052023090742.html/@@ stream From the end of December last year to early May this year, more than 30 construction carpenters from different provinces, in the project support of the Cultural and Creative Building of Shougang Industrial Park, Shougang Construction Group, Fengtai District, Beijing. However, until the project was completed on May 5, the salary was still not settled, and it was still owed to more than 300,000 yuan.
Migrant workers' salary representative Ye Xiangming went online Post for help Said, they "find Shougang Construction Group for working money, Shougang lets the labor service company ask for, the person in charge of the labor service company calls not to answer, send text messages, and go to the labor supervision team of Huaxiang Fengtai District to complain. There can be results in a month. " I called Zhang Rui, the person in charge of the project department left by the worker's salary post to express the attention of the media, and said with a sneer and said: Ha, then you pay attention!
Shougang Erzhong Industrial Park Creative Building Project, December 2018 was the Beijing Development and Reform Commission approval of projects , Construction Unit is Shougang Construction Investment Co., Ltd., General Contracting Unit It is Shougang Construction Group Co., Ltd..
According to information on the website of Fengtai District Government, Shougang Erlette Industrial Park Cultural and Creative Building Project site construction site in June last year, a death worker injury accident occurred. Accident Investigation Report](http://www.bjft.gov.cn/ftq/c100014/202212/bc27ae2621184a46811f95bb6b78ee7b.shtml)The responsibilities that the general contracting project department should bear only the word. As a result, half a year later, the Beijing Housing and Construction Commission went to the construction site safety inspection, also found a number of serious safety hazards Essence
As the head of the project department of Shougang Construction Company, Zhang Rui can be exempted from being held accountable after death. Secretary Jin Wei was promoted to Beijing Deputy Mayor two years ago](http://district.ce.cn/newarea/sddy/202011/28/t20201128_36058987.shtml)We don't know.
In addition, in February this year, the Workers' Daily issued a report with the title " Beijing Fengtai Trade Union fully improves the sense of happiness of industrial workers "The report quoted Wang Zhenhua, the chairman of Fengtai District Federation of Trade Unions, said," To enhance the sense of gain and happiness of industrial workers, the first is to establish the owner of the industrial workers in the system. " The Federation of Trade Unions specially hired a professional law firm. In 2022, 101 legal aid cases were accepted by the union, 100 lectures on law publicity lectures were carried out, and 25 enterprises also carried out free medical examination services for the rule of law to effectively safeguard employees' rights and interests.
In addition, according to Qianlong.com, in order to achieve "where the migrant workers are friends, where they have their warm home", Fengtai District has established 7 "[Home of Migrant Workers] who moved with the construction site of the construction site.(http://society.yunnan.cn/system/2022/08/26/032249445.shtml)"There are 173 such homes in Beijing.
Wang Zhenhua, chairman of the Fengtai District Federation of Trade Unions, said that "Beijing Fengtai Trade Union is fully improved to improve the sense of happiness in industrial workers." There are their warm home ", and the money of taxpayers has established so many homes." So, the union claims that these work and achievements they have done have nothing to do with industrial workers who have owed wages in the construction site of Fengtai District? In other words, these are the slogans that must be shouted, and have nothing to do with the rights and interests of the construction industry workers?
Please listen to the workers' salary representative Ye Xiangming's conversation with me.
Does the union go to the union to know this?
Please listen to these questions and talk to the Changzhen community staff.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/laogongtongxun/hdf-07052023090742.html 
Yellen China Show is designed to establish a "new normal" between China and the United States? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T10:57:00Z
Description: Following the US Secretary of State, US Treasury Secretary Yellen visited China on July 6. It is expected that she will have a major breakthrough in this trip, but Yellen will promote economic communication between the two parties. Some experts believe that this visit may help the two parties establish a "new normal" and establish the basis of bilateral relations. However, some analysts are not optimistic about this visit, called "one empty journey".
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '专题报道：习近平访美', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴']
Keywords: ['耶伦', '美国', '中国', '布林肯', '习近平', '气球', '经济', '俄罗斯', '瓦格纳']
Id: 66122822
U.S. officials stated that Yellen will be "frank discussion" during a visit from July 6th to 9th.
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen's first trip to China will focus on re -adjusting the relationship between the two largest economies in the world. Sino -US military exchanges have not recovered. limit ](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中国管制出口的镓锗究竟是什么/a-66113298)Tension again.
U.S. officials stated that Yellen's visit from July 6th to 9th During the period, "frank discussion" will be carried out. On Monday (July 3), the Chinese Ministry of Commerce announced that from August 1st, the two metal minerals will be exported to the two metal minerals. It is expected to cause damage to American companies.
It is expected that Yellen will have a major breakthrough in this trip, but according to U.S. officials, Yellen will promote the consequences of providing key aid to Russia with key assistance to Russia.
Last month, U.S. Secretary of State Brills met with Chinese President Xi Jinping during his visit to China The two sides agreed that the competition between the two countries should not be conflict. A senior government official said: "There is no substitute for diplomacy. Telephone communication is not the same."
Wu Xinbo, a professor at the International Institute of International Issues of China Fudan University, described Yellen as the "sound of rationality" in the Biden government, and said that China hopes that Yellen's visit can "improve the atmosphere." According to Sina News. He said that China is mainly concerned about tariffs imposed by the Trump administration. "These tariffs have not been abolished until now, and Biden did not do anything to reduce these tariffs." Wu Xinbo said that China also pays attention to the suppression of China in the field of science and technology, but this problem is not within the scope of Yellen's responsibility Instead, the US Minister of Commerce Raymond Doro is responsible for it. I hope that Raymondo can also visit China as soon as possible. At that time, China and the United States may have more substantial discussions on this issue.
Expert: The opposition state "brings damage to the US -China economy" 
But some critics are not optimistic about Yellen's trip to China. American Enterprise Research Institute (AEI) scholar Shi Kendao(Derekcissor)It is believed that, considering that China refused to consider recurrence of military dialogue, Yellen's interview was a "one -time journey." He said: "They look like beggers. In terms of security, the Chinese are unwilling to talk to us, so it seems that the economy is regarded as a substitute."
Some officials revealed that Yellen is expected to focus on economic issues, but she will also remind the Chinese side that any act of providing key assistance to Russia may cause Chinese companies to be sanctioned, which violates sanctions on Russia. The official said that the United States was uneasy about the rebellion of Wagner's mercenaries last month and the weakness of the Russian army, but Beijing relied on stable Russian food supply and fuel. The official said: "We often hear that China guarantees that they will not provide key aid to Russia. We are asking the other party to do this, and we will continue to observe."
The interviews between Brinken and Yellen are deemed to be in the Spy Solder Incident The key to improving communication between the two countries later. At the Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit held in San Francisco in November this year, US President Biden may meet with Xi Jinping. Gandeid(ScottKennedy)It is said that the visit of Yellen's Treasury Secretary is not only preparing for possible worship at the Summit of the Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation: "The highest economic supervisor of the two countries has been exchanged for more than three years, which is dangerous for the global economy."
Jakecolvin, president of the National Foreign Trade Association, believes that the interview may help the two parties establish a "new normal" and establish a foundation in bilateral relations. However, the tariff measures imposed by the former Trump administration will not be canceled, as well as export control issued by Biden. Despite the cooling relationship, data from the US Department of Commerce showed that the trade between China and the United States grew for the third consecutive year in 2022.
An official of the Ministry of Finance said that Yellen's trip will emphasize that it is necessary to cooperate with Beijing in many aspects such as climate change, cracking down on epidemic and debt issues, and even if Washington continues to take targeted actions on human rights or security issues. The official added that China and the United States accounted for 40%of the global economy output. Yellen will tell the other party that Washington does not seek to decide the two economies, while retaining human rights and US Guoan by targeted actions.
Some government officials revealed that Yellen will first meet with He Lifeng, the vice premier of China's new State Council. In January of this year, Yellen met with the then deputy prime minister Liu He at the time in Switzerland. The outside world is expected to have a different meeting with He Lifeng. His English ability is not good, and the background is not related to finance, but the planning field.(Reuters and other)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/耶伦中国行-旨在建立中美-新常态-？/a-66122822?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Column | History of Hiroshi: Lecture 55 Tsinghua Middle School on the eve of the storm 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T11:10:43-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T11:10:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In 1967, the young Red Guards clashed with industrial workers in major cities in China. The picture shows a truck full of red guards across the streets of Beijing. Photo on January 9, 1967. Associated Press Information Picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zonghengdalishi/Wenge/hist-07052023100240.html/@stream 1. A problem reflected by a student's fight 
Hello everyone, welcome everyone to listen to "History of the Great", I am the host Sun Cheng. Today, we will continue to carry out a series of historical programs of the Cultural Revolution to tell the rise of the Red Guards Movement.
In the previous content, we have introduced the entire social background of the Red Guards Movement. In this lecture, we will enter the topic. As we said before, the Red Guards Movement originated from the High School of Tsinghua University in Beijing. So, what kind of state is this school in the Cultural Revolution?
Before talking about this issue, let's take a look at what kind of school is the Tsinghua High School on the eve of the Cultural Revolution. According to the memories of Zheng Yi, a Chinese revolutionary attached to the Chinese Revolution, the state of this school at the time was:
"Wan Bangruo, the principal of Tsinghua University, is ambitious, and needs to run the school into a model of secondary education in the country. In addition to the influence of political education by the increasingly tense political atmosphere at the time, the school's own educational reform has expanded the knowledge. Every Monday movie lesson, screening technology and foreign language films, encourage various extracurricular groups and lectures), pay attention to teaching methods (emphasize less and fine, oppose full -length irrigation), reduce the burden on students (oppose extracurricular overtime), attach importance to strengthening students' physical fitness ( Emphasizing the track and field movement to improve the basic physical fitness, and even even the work of working as an important indicator), there are still some efforts that still have reference value. Students are not good at academic performance. "
According to today's words, the Tsinghua University of Tsinghua University at that time was a school that emphasized "quality education". However, the problem is that there are many cadres and children in this school, which causes a very serious opposition between students. why? Zheng Yi's article wrote like this:
"From the perspective of the national situation, the years in Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School happened to be the most loose period before the Cultural Revolution after the Great Famine. The theory of only in the form is that the performance of the performance of the Tsinghua High School is a school with a lot of cadres and children. The education policy of the proletarian political services, the combination of education and production labor 'has been vigorously implemented, but from the school's own social functions, the school also makes articles on these four words as possible to improve the teaching level and avoid in the preparation of the teaching level and avoid in the way Students have caused fierce differentiation and struggle. "
In fact, in that era, the so -called "bad origin" students often had good reading and study traditions because their families often had good reading and studying traditions. Compared with this advantage. Therefore, although the school is trying to avoid the division of students, there is actually no way to stop them. Zheng Yi described this state as a "walking steel rope" and said:
"But the school's strategy of walking a steel rope finally loses a balance in an increasingly tight political atmosphere. The symbol is that the" Lou Xiong (Fighting) incident "that happened in our class 631 ... There is no "protecting" cadre children, and no "unwavering" implementation of the party's class line. The school leader learned that it was a child from a civilian background to hit the cadres and children, which was shocked and re -handled overnight. Tong'ti 'God', the Fourth Middle School has no trouble for the whole army. "
(The above quotes, see Zheng Yi: "Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School, Red Guards and Me"))
The "Lou Xiong Incident" was a student fighting incident that occurred in the Affiliated High School in Tsinghua in 1964. At that time, the school's student, the son of the Chinese ambassador to Cuba Xiong Xianghui Xiong Gang, and the civilian student of the school, Lou Qi, had a fight. After the incident, the principal Wan Bangru obviously favored the cadres and children, saying that Lou Qi's fighting behavior was a "class struggle" behavior called ‘cadre children’. The approach of the school's outline has aroused the anger of the school's civilians. As a result, the school was filled with a big poster with views. The students debated each other because of this incident and divided into two across opposites.
Second, cadre children and civilian children: divided into students who are opposed to the two factions 
In the same year, another thing happened in the Tsinghua Affiliated High School. According to the memories of the parties, the situation of this incident is: Wang Ming, the son of Wang Zhongfang, deputy minister of the Ministry of Public Security, was in trouble because of his duties and difficulties on the issue of joining the Communist Youth League. Applying for the group. At this time, Wang Ming threatened to write a letter to the Central Committee of the Youth League and complained that the leaders of the Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School did not implement the class route. The group, and immediately let Wang Ming as the cadre of the Youth League Committee after joining the group. "
From the above two things, it can be seen that at that time, the school of Tsinghua University of Tsinghua had very special care for the CCP cadres and children. And such a kind of privilege to cadres and children has developed to the point of climbing the peak. In May 1966, the month of the outbreak of the Cultural Revolution. In the environment, most of the senior intellectuals are considered to be the bourgeois -class reaction authority. Although the student's family background is not black, it is not a red category. "
However, from the perspective of cadres and children, although this student is not a "black five", the student's "origin" still seems so -called too "reactionary". At that time, the thoughts of Gao Qian's children in the school were: "The Communist Youth League should be a pure red group. To ensure the pure red of this group, the Communist Youth League members must be born from the red family of red five types. People who came from the category "mixed into the 'Communist Youth League, this organization will change color."So why did the school still have the phenomenon of reusing civilian children? In fact, although the school's policy at that time was very good for cadres and children. However, in the minds of the school teachers, those proud and proud cadre children are not attracting people, so teachers "Although they dare not offend them on the surface, on the specific issues, they also take care of those 'good performances' as much as possible. Students from ordinary origin. For example, on the issue of joining the Communist Youth League, they can't stop the cadres and children who have not performed well 'to enter (Communist Youth) group, so they pay attention to the development of "not good -looking" but' but 'good performance' civilian children entering. group."
(The above multiple quotes are from Chongxinyue and Best Peak: "Thirty Cultural Revolution Hanging")
In addition, from the perspective of the civilians of the Tsinghua University of High School at that time, everything happened in the school as the opposite state of showing the opposite of the perspective of cadre children. At that time, the situation was "starting in 1964, the school organized the 'cadre children's learning group' and military training team. The growth of cadre children has caused the resentment and dissatisfaction of civilians and Gao Zhizhi children."
(Xiao Ling: "Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School and the Red Guards Movement", in "Yan Huang Chunqiu", No. 10, 2011)
In this way, when students split into two factions, most members of the members of the cadres have launched a series of activities on the eve of the Cultural Revolution. The article "The End of the End of the establishment of the Tsinghua Affiliated Middle School Red Guards" of historians Bu Weihua listed their activities. Let me show you several of them:
"In July 1964, they had to debate with the school on the school's two questions about whether there is a class struggle in the school. There is no class struggle!'' 'Family originally came out of a lot of anti -revolution.'
"In February 1965, they believed that the slogan of the school's" Xingwu Winfer, 100 % 'of Unity "was lifted to the right, and it was more right to implement in practice." May 1965 and 1966 in 1966 1966 In April, they twice asked the school to request to carry out 'small rectifications' to engage in class education activities(Ru Qingming grave), Liang Yi and Three Cheers(That is: the hardship of the one -memory class, the hardships of recalling the rivers and mountains; the two memories of their own growth process, the party's hard work of the party; Check your own consciousness; check your own revolutionary fighting spirit and vitality; check your own work, find a gap, learn advanced), All were rejected by the school. A member of the party branch and the secretary of the Youth League committee of the school said, ‘Where ca n’t class education do? ‘The two memories and three checks cannot be done. We should adhere to positive education, mainly praise. "
(Bu Weihua: "The Establishment of the Establishment of the Red Guards of the Tsinghua Affiliated High School", in the 70th of the Research on the History of the Communist Party of China, 1999)
Three, Tsinghua High School on the eve of the Cultural Revolution is a gunpowder barrel 
Judging from their murderous attitude, although they seem to be opposing the authority of the school, they are actually resorting to a more terrifying totalitarian force, pursuing a more powerful and horrible campus atmosphere. Essence The school who tried to restore the people did not want them to provoke fierce struggle in school, and they hoped that they would provoke more intense struggle as much as possible in the school and engage in a more stringent censorship system. These behaviors are all packaged under the crazy Maoist concept and slogan, but in fact, if you look at the context that I have sorted out before, they are actually trying to turn the privileges owned by the cadres and children more. More, bigger. It can be said that on the one hand, they did accept very serious political brainwashing. On the other hand, while being brainwashed, their behavior actually follows some basic principles of human behavior, and has the behavior logic behind it. As I have repeatedly said, when looking at the history of the Cultural Revolution, we cannot use simple "everyone is crazy" to explain the crazy behavior of people at that time.
All in all, when the Cultural Revolution broke out, in fact, students in the Tsinghua University High School had formed two sharp opposition factions. One of them is mostly cadres and children. They believe that the school's various policies are not radical enough. They hope to establish a more powerful and aggressive system in the school, and want to make the privileges of cadres and children greater and more. The other faction opposes the school's special care of cadres and children, representing a civilian voice. The two factions showed a sharp hatred opposition on the eve of the Cultural Revolution, and it can also be said to be an incompetent trend. At this time, only one Mars is needed to be a little bit. This gunpowder barrel that has already accumulated a very high energy will burst and release huge energy. It can be said that the reason why the Red Guards of the High School Affiliated to Tsinghua University were able to rise so quickly after the outbreak of the Cultural Revolution, and created various brutal atrocities and blood cases in the school. It was precisely because of the rapid detonation of hatred. What happened on the eve of the Cultural Revolution and the Cultural Revolutionary High School during the Cultural Revolution was actually a very typical epitome of what happened in a large number of schools at that time.
Well, thank you. This is here this week, we see you next week.
Writing, hosting, production: Sun Cheng
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zonghengdalishi/wenge/hist-07052023100240.html 
Hair -dyeing and nose can not become foreigners: Wang Yi moves race theory with Japan and South Korea to discuss it 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T11:23:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:02:50-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Wang Yi, director of the Office of the CPC Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China [Associated Press picture Audio-LLTTPS: //www.rfa.org/Mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx2-07052023259.html/@stream Wang Yi, director of the Office of the Foreign Affairs Working Committee of the CPC Central Committee, appealed to China, Japan, and South Korea in the "China -Japan -Korea Cooperation International Forum" with the saying that "no matter the hair is dyed yellow and the nose repair is not pointed, and it can not become a Westerner." His statement immediately attracted great attention from the outside world, and some people claimed that it incited racism to win Japan and South Korea. Some scholars asked that Beijing also wanted to attract Africa and the Middle East, and how should they use race theory to be self -a theory of racial theory?
Wang Yi warns Japan and South Korea: Development of foreign relations cannot be used to curb the surrounding neighbors Wang Yi, director of the CPC Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, attended the "2023 China -Japan -Korea Cooperation International Forum (IFTC)" held in Qingdao on July 3rd. "In order to seek geopolitical and weaving the" exclusive circle ", trying to split and exacerbate opposition.
Wang Yi called for China, Japan and South Korea to practice multilateralism and open regionalism, oppose geopolitical conflicts and groups against the introduction of regions, and resolutely resist the decoustal disconnection chain implemented in various names to maintain a regional industrial system with complementary advantages. If the three countries of China, Japan and South Korea work together, meet the common interests of the Three Kingdoms, they can jointly prosper, revitalize East Asia, revitalize Asia, and benefit the world.
Wang Yi met with the forum on the 3rd and said: "Our friends of China, Japan, and South Korea, we go to the United States, and the United States thinks it is Asians, right? They can’t tell China, Japan and South Korea. No matter if you dye your hair, you can repair it with a sharp nose, and you can't change the European and the Americans, and you can't become a Westerner. We must know where your roots are. "
 
Zhang Mengren, the convener of Foreign and International Affairs of Foreign and International Affairs of Taiwan, was interviewed by Radio Asia to interpret Wang Yi, saying that he was ironic and threatened.
Zhang Mengren said: "He (Wang Yi) does not really want to win, he is equal to warning!He means that no matter how close you are with the United States, you can’t change your fact that today is in Asia. . I am your neighbor, you can't move me. So Japan and South Korea should get along well with me, instead of following the United States and coming from the United States. "
Zhang Mengren analyzed that Yin Xiyue was completely beautiful after he came to power, subverted Wen Zaiyin's strategy, and reconciled with Japan. Tian Wenxiong also ran in South Korea recently and apologized. Coupled with the ban on the United States Micron Group in China, Biden said that Samsung and Hynix could not make up for that lack, and South Korea listened to it. The relationship between Japan and South Korea and the United States now is completely connected.
Zhang Mengren's assessment of Wang Yi could not work. "Recently, South Korea has a lot of movements, and he has been washed down, and he cannot change. Because Japan is afraid of China and Russia, South Korea is afraid of North Korea, and North Korea is now tough. Move) together. Now if China can't get involved in North Korea, he has to stick to the United States completely, and he has no choice. "
Wang Zhisheng, Secretary -General of the Chinese Asia -Pacific Elite Exchange Association, was interviewed and analyzed by Radio Free Asia. China's highest diplomatic officials were brought together with "Asia is Asians", promoted regionalism in China, incite racism, and involved discrimination. The era of globalization laughed generously and could not resonate in Japan and South Korea.
Wang Zhisheng said: "China is obsessed with the situation, and also uses this so -called regionalist method to perform excerpt confrontation. In fact, the outside world is not based on races, but in the world of caution in China, but in the battle of unlimited expansion in China The influence of wolf diplomacy and external ambitions. Therefore, Xi Jinping and Wang Yi are the focus of the wrong focus and the direction of mistakes. This is not a confrontation of the so -called ethnic region, but the confrontation of value and system. " China's diplomatic scorers can only talk about the racial theory of discrimination involved in discrimination? 
Wang Zhisheng mentioned that there are blue eyes, white -skinned Uighurs, and non -Han Tibetans in more than fifty ethnic groups in China, as well as non -Han Tibetans. The CCP wants to assimilate with the great rejuvenation framework of the Chinese nation and maintains its mentality of the Han nationalist center and the great Chinese mentality. It will make Japan and South Korea think that Beijing will be self -sustaining with the heavenly dynasty. Then China has also attracted Grand Canada to Africans, Middle Eastern, and Central Asian countries that are not black -haired and yellow. This foreign strategic thinking is very outdated, and there is a big gap with the universal value. It is disgusted with the outside world, reflecting that the Beijing organs can not find it.
"Korean Daily" based on: "After the wind and rain, see the sun after the wind and rain '... What is the signs of gentle Wang Yi in China? After the wind and rain, China, Japan and South Korea need to seize the opportunity and move forward together. "The Korean Daily mentioned that the first time in China was the first oversee of China to attend this year. In the field of cooperation, Wang Yi mentioned artificial intelligence (AI), automobiles, numbers, etc., saying that he would "work together", and also mentioned the Korean -China Free Trade Agreement (FTA) in the negotiations.
Wang Yi also said at the meeting: "The promise of adhering to the Taiwan issue should be adhered to." The outside world believes that Yin Xiyue told Reuters in April that the issue of Taiwan is not just a problem between China and Taiwan, but the same relationship between the two Koreas Beyond the region and become a global issue, and that the current tension is caused by the intention of changing the status quo by force, including the international community, including South Korea, resolutely oppose the status quo by force by force.
Reporter: Xia Xiaohua Responsible: Xu Shuting Chen Meihua Yingqing.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/hx2-07052023092259.html 
Most of the top ten examples of the Chinese Ministry of Public Security are mostly social events 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T11:30:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:01:26-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China Internet Police Inspection Inspection in Beijing Agence France-France-France-France-France-France-France-France-A-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/meiti/EC-070520230818.html/@stream](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/ec-07052023080818.html/@@stream)The Chinese Ministry of Public Security recently announced the results of the so -called special rectification actions that combat online rumors, including shutdown or banned online accounts of more than 10,000 online accounts, and listed the cases of typical rumors. Some comments believe that the authorities have strictly hit online rumors that due to economic downturn and social instability, trying to use the net to maintain stability.
"Only happiness"? The "Clear Action" of the Online Information Office rectify the self -media Which network of online waters to rectify the online water army in China? The Ministry of Public Security of China announced the staged results of cracking down on online rumors since April. People's Daily reports that as of Tuesday (July 4), the online security department of the Ministry of Public Security has investigated more than 1,600 online rumors, and has cleaned more than 420,000 online rumors information, shut down or prohibit rumor rumors online accounts More than 10,000 netizens have investigated and dealt with rumors.
Public security in various places use different methods to cooperate with the strict operations of the Ministry of Public Security on the official Weibo and WeChat public account. It has the scene of shooting simulation live dramas, playing the scene of online celebrities brushing traffic to make rumors. In the face of various rumors, the police of the net security will never be tolerated, clean up the rumors tens of thousands of children, and investigate hundreds of cases. Severe crimes are criminal.
At the same time, the Ministry of Public Security of China also announced ten typical rumor cases, of which 6 were related to vicious social events. For example, the community serial killing case, the case of family contradictions, and the case of the teacher and the kindergarten of the teacher and the kindergarten of the teacher. However, according to the officially announced case data search, it is also found that the incident accused of rumors is similar to the content of news reports. For example, "major fires occurred in the Shaoxing Shangyuhua plant", Sina News had similar title reports at the end of May, and quoted the official response that there were no casualties in the incident.
In a cafe in Beijing, a woman browsed the Weibo platform. (Agence France -Presse) Comment: The official blockade is the root cause of the rumor 
Du Feng said that the so -called rumors were indeed false news, but there were real events. Because China does not have the freedom of news and speech, people who care about the truth can only understand the incident in their own methods. The content does not match the official caliber, and it will become a rumor in the official mouth. Ji Feng said that during the epidemic period, the news of the city was repeatedly blocked, and some of them were officially accused of rumors, but in the end it was confirmed that it was a prophecy, and the Ministry of Public Security continued to crack down on rumors, which was related to the opaque system.
Miku: "After any malignant case appeared, what they did was to block the truth. If you announced the truth, where did the rumors come? The rumors are not self -breaking. Put aside the big V of the flowing flow. There are people who are in the truth of group incidents or public events and malignant incidents, but the authorities are afraid that the people will dig their roots and dig the system. Digging to the Communist Party is the root of the disaster, so it is very scared. Official action) is a need to maintain stability. "
"Only the government officials set fire, not allowed the people to light" 
Fang Yuan, a current affairs commentator, said that both the China Cyberspace Office and the Ministry of Public Security both shot and strictly hit the network information. Special choosing events related to malignant social events as rumors were widely publicized. Maintain stability.
Fang Yuan: "The official cases are all sensational cases, which can cater to the pain points of the public's attention, so the references of these cases are very careful and selective. At the same time, so many departments are concerned about this. The management, including rumors, is actually essentially a control that needs to be released or regulated according to the wishes of the manager. If you understand this aspect, it is not true that it is really to govern the rumors, but it really really wants to govern the rumors. The purpose of the purpose is to manage the network information. In fact, the most important thing to rectify is the large number of military army. "
Fang Yuan said that the official continuously hitting the online speech is the practice of "only the state officials set fire and the people are not allowed to light the lights." The ignorance of the official network water army is also the role of the rumor's main contributor, and there is no way to solve the fundamental problem.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shushing He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/meiti/ec-07052023080818.html 
Another crowd of roller coaster in the United States for three hours at the top of the top of the hanging orbit 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T11:30
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T11:30
Description: Eight tourists in the United States were hung upside down for at least three hours on a roller coaster on Sunday (July 2), of which seven were children. Although no one was injured in the accident, everyone was taken to the hospital after being rescued. News (CBS News) report, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '游乐场', '故障']
Eight tourists in the United States were hung upside down for at least three hours on a roller coaster on Sunday (July 2), of which seven were children.
Although no one was injured in the accident, everyone was taken to the hospital after being rescued.
The CBS News (CBS News) reported that the roller coaster of a mechanical failure is located in Crandon, Wisconsin. The day was the last day of the Fresen County Festival.
Facebook user Bras uploaded a video, showing that the static roller cocktail car stopped at the top of the ring -shaped orbit. This amusement facility named "Fireball" runs along the ring -shaped track, and the tourists will be hung up in the air when passing through the top of the rail.
Brass said that one of the trapped little girls is worthy of praise. She told the firefighters to rescue the trapped elderly, "should be awarded to the courageous girl."
According to CBS 58, it arrived at the scene about 40 minutes later, about 50 kilometers away from Candiden. They rescued all tourists and helped them climb the high platform for fire trucks and returned to the ground safely.
Firefighters Costechca said that the children's legs kept trembling and sweaty.
The cause of the roller coaster is still under investigation. Costechka said that the Weizhou authorities have checked the roller coaster recently.
On June 30, a roller coaster in a theme park in North Carolina, the United States, had a huge crack due to a steel pillar, and was urgently closed for maintenance.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410805 
" Vulgar Wiki case & quot; The family members of the prisoner Niu Tengyu were intimidated 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T11:44:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:02:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Niu Tengyu, the prisoner of the "Vulgar Wiki Case", currently serves his prison in the Sihui Prison in Guangdong. Exclusive, the shooting date is unknown.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-07052023072830.html/@@stream)Recently, Niu Tengyu, who was sentenced to fourteen years in prison for the leakage of Xi Jinping's family information, he suspected that he had recurred due to bad prison conditions. Niu Tengyu's family still hopes to flip the case for him, but his mother was obstructed by the authorities.
The "Vulgar Wiki Foundation" parties have been transferred to the bad condition of the new supervision area for recurrence * Niu Tengyu's mother believes that Xi Jinping hopes to re -examine the "vulgar Wiki case" The second trial of the vulgar Wiki case opened the court for fourteen years * "Vulgar Wiki Foundation" Agent lawyer sued the victim to be tortured Niu Tengyu, the prisoner of the "Vulgar Wiki Case", currently serves his sentence in Sihui Prison in Zhaoqing, Guangdong. His mother, Coco, learned that when his son was transferred to the prison at the end of May, the right hand that had severely injured his right hand deteriorated after he was transferred to the supervision area, and otitis media recurred.
Coco: "I saw him (Niu Tengyu) thinner within a month, and I asked him what was going on. He said that one was particularly hot in the weather and could not sleep at night. Those torture has caused the ear problems. Recently, it is very painful. The hands are suspended and caused by injuries and numbness.
During the meeting, Niu Tengyu's words and deeds were closely monitored by the prison guards.
Coco: "Stand many policemen, seven or eight people watch. Sometimes Niu Tengyu said that he was wronged, or if he talked about the case, they stopped it, and said, 'This cannot be said'. He said (Niu Tengyu) I didn't dare to say it. "
Niu Tengyu's mother cocoa (pictured) believes that her son is innocent and is seeking appeal. (Exclusive provided by cocoa, the shooting date is unknown) In May 2019, the overseas website "Zhi Na Wiki" and the "Red Coast Foundation" successively released Xi Jinping's brother -in -law Deng Jiagui and his daughter Xi Mingze's profile. Since then, 24 members of the "vulgar vitamin" website arrested for the forwarding link of Maoming, Guangdong, were even suspected of forced confession with violence. In the end, they were all ruled. Niu Tengyu was convicted of provoking trouble, infringing citizen information, and illegal operations. He sentenced to 14 years in prison, and the original judgment was maintained in the second trial two years ago.
The lawyer's unbearable pressure refuses to assist Niu Tengyu to appeal 
Niu Tengyu's mother Keke revealed that she had contacted more than ten lawyers and asked Niu Tengyu to appeal. However, under the pressure of the authorities, they refused to accept the case. According to Coco, who was in Jiaozuo, Henan, the authorities recently intimidated and harassed her again, and it was estimated that she had followed up the case in Guangdong to follow up.
Coco: "Anyway, the persecution has not been broken. In recent days, I started to avoid monitoring and knocking. I woke me up and not let me sleep. I also told the gas company to warn my gas. There was a problem with my kidneys. They snatched all my bank cards, and I had no money to heal. "
A legal person in China who demanded anonymous believes that the authorities obstruct the appeal of Niu Tengyu's family members who lack wisdom.
People in the legal community: "There may be general guidance (for the case), but it may not be allowed to appeal. This approach may be a decision made by the local government. This method is stupid, and it is impossible to turn the case over such a program."
The legal profession analyzed that Niu Tengyu was repeatedly sentenced, on the one hand, the authorities were scrupled by his computer technology; nor did he rule out that Niu Tengyu was tried to be tortured, and the authorities were worried that premature release of him will expose the incident.
Reporter: Gao Feng Editor: Xu Shuting Chen Meihua He Ping.com Edited: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-07052023072830.html 
On the occasion of the United States and China, the financial minister Yellen is expected to have a major breakthrough in visiting China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (孙承)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T11:45:23+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 15:41:21Z
Description: U.S. Financial Minister Yellen is about to start a four -day visit to China this week. This is the second important US government official who visited China within a month after the US Secretary of State Brosky, and the first time the US Treasury Secretary visited China in the past five years. Although people have long been looking forward to this visit, under the background of the continued deterioration of US -China relations, Yellen's trip is generally considered to be difficult to break through.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/yellen-china-visit-preview-20230704/7167566.html 
Taiwan's extremely difficult choice: become Ukraine or Hong Kong? (Free version) 
Author: Yaroslav Trofimov / Joyu Wang
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T11:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T11:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T10:02:00.000Z
Description: The people of Taiwan are closely paying attention to every new trend of the Russian and Ukraine War. Although their resistance to Ukraine is almost generally sympathetic, the conclusions of Taiwan's own future are very different.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001030027
Type: Article
The people of Taiwan have been paying close attention to every new trend of the Russian and Ukraine War. Although their resistance to Ukraine is almost generally sympathetic, the conclusions of the future of Taiwan themselves are very different.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%8F%B0%E6%B9%BE%E6%9E%81%E9%9A%BE%E7%9A%84%E9%80%89%E6%8B%A9-%E6%88%90%E4%B8%BA%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E8%BF%98%E6%98%AF%E9%A6%99%E6%B8%AF-1807f427 
The eldest daughter of Ahmad Zahi moved her eyes, denying her father's cosmetic surgery 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T11:58
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T11:58
Description: Malaysia Deputy Prime Minister and UMNO Chairman Ahmad Zahi recently wore black glasses to attend the event. Some sharp -eyed netizens found that his eyes seemed to be different from the past. "Malaysia Today" quoted Astro Awani reported that Ahmad Zaji Nurshida Yaya Tuesday (...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马来西亚', '阿末扎希']
Malaysia Deputy Prime Minister and UMNO Chairman Ahmad Zahi recently wore black glasses to attend the event. Some sharp -eyed netizens found that his eyes seemed to be different from the past.
"Malaysia Today" quoted Astroawani reports that Ahmad Zahi's long daughter Nurushida Yaya responded to netizens on the social media platform that her father recently moved eye surgery because of optic nerve problems. In recovery.
She said that the problem of the vision caused Ahmad Zahi's eyes to open, and emphasized that Ahmad Zahi was not a cosmetic surgery.
"Why do plastic surgery? It's not the superstar of the king ... people always like to make rumors and slander without understanding the truth."
She said that because her father had the burden of the country, she did not take a long vacation after the operation. Ahmad Zaji also served as the Minister of Rural and Regional Development and had just had two weeks before.
On June 26, Ahmad Zahi wore sunglasses to attend the Organization Conference of the 23rd Asia -Pacific Federal Investigation Bureau of the 23rd Asia -Pacific District of Kuala Lumpur, which aroused the attention and speculation of the outside world. A few days later, he no longer wearing sunglasses appeared in public, but his eyelids seemed to be swollen and unnatural.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410816 
Can sweeteners can cause cancer, is it still sweet now? (Free version) 
Authors: ['安贾娜•阿胡贾']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T12:01:21+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T06:47:99+08:00
Description: Ahujia: Regardless of whether Asba is carcinogenic, we all know that it is not as a healthy choice as many consumers think.
Images: []
Themes: ['观点', '健康', '关注']
Keywords: ['健康', '世界卫生组织', '食品', '饮料', '科学', '甜味剂']
Type: Article
The author of this article is a scientific commentator 
Sugar -free drinks may not be fragrant. Next week, the World Health Organization(World Health Organization)Finals' International Cancer Research Institution(International Agency for Research on Cancer)Asba is expected to be classified as a "carcinogenic" substance. Asba is a manual sweetener 200 times sweet than sugar, and it is a standard ingredient in low -calorie beverages.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100167 
SCO Virtual Summit: Sino -Russian -Indian leadership in the same frame, focusing on achieving their respective goals 
Creator: DAVID PIERSON,ANATOLY KURMANAEV,SAMEER YASIR
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:22:09+08:00
Description: The three leaders appeared together, and they had different goals outside of implying unity. Putin hopes to show his strength after Wagner's soldiers change. Xi Jinping tries to take the opportunity to compete with the United States for influence, while Modi hopes to show that India's status will be improved. Tingshu Wang/Reuters On Tuesday, Xi Jinping and other participants on the big screen on the streets of Beijing participated in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Virtual Summit.
Images: [" 04shanghai-su... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 The leaders of the three great powers held a virtual summit on Tuesday through a video, trying to reshape the global order dominated by the United States. But except for the unity implied by them, everyone seems to focus on their different goals.
For Russian President Putin, this meant that he showed his power after the Wagner's mercenary organization's mutiny and declared his internationally support for his war in Ukraine.
For Xi Jinping, the highest leader of China, this summit is an opportunity for the end of "hegemonism" and "power politics" to attack the United States.
Prime Minister India, the host of the meeting Modi In terms of, this is a signal that indicates that India's status is constantly improving -it can also be called on other countries to unite to "fight terrorism" and launch a sand -containing attack to its main competitors Pakistan.
advertise
In the speech of the leaders prepared in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Annual Meeting, he did not see a significant statement on the changes of the alliance. But this forum -established by China and Russia in 2001, members include Pakistan and Central Asian countries Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan -Indeed, let us see a regional club established to fight against Western influences. How to deal with the priority of conflicting conflict.
The increasing friction between Beijing and New Delhi is not mentioned in the article, these frictions have prompted India, which is not aligned in history. Going closer to the United States Essence
If Putin wants other leaders to issue loud support statements to alleviate his weakened position in China and defend his war in Ukraine, he can only be satisfied with conventional claims and gentle tone.
Russian President Putin attended the International Forum for the first time since the rebellion last month, with photos from the Russian official media. Alexander Kazakov/Sputnik, Via Reuters
More importantly, under the gaze of the Bayeng government and the other countries in many other countries in the world, the forum seems to be stating that the three leaders have controlled their domestic problems and are going to welcome the new "more" more "more" more "more" more "more" more Extremely "the world.
"They all have motivation to dilute things to make everything look normal," said Zhuang Jiaying, associate professor of political science at the National University of Singapore. "They show that the situation has been controlled without any cracks. Although Russia has problems, India also hopes to explore relations with the United States."
On Tuesday, no leader needs to reshape his image more than Putin. Last month, Wagner mercenary Trying to overthrow Russia's military leadership, Putin's more than 20 years of rule facing the biggest challenge.
advertise
Although Putin agreed to the mercenaries leader Parig to Belarus to resolve the crisis, the brief rebellion caused people to question his authority and future.
This is the first time Putin participated in the International Forum after the rebellion. He delivered a speech and thanked the member states to support it after the mutiny. He claimed that the mutiny had not received the support of the people in Russia.
Putin said, "The profound responsibility for the fate of the motherland united the Russian politics and the whole society, showing a united front against armed rebellion." He also tried to use the summit as a sign of the international community to support him to invade Ukraine.
Support from China is the only big country to provide diplomacy and economic cover for Russia. The reason why China does this is because it has made a long bet on Putin, thinking that he is a necessary partner to challenge the United States.
However, this bet is costly because Beijing is trying to repair the relationship with major European economic partners. China ’s rejection of condemnation of the Ukrainian war has also attracted the world's increasingly concerned position on Beijing’ s aggressive issue.
This virtual meeting provided Xi Jinping with the opportunity to promote the goal of China's influence from the United States. He praised the Shanghai Cooperation Organization as a way of "improving global governance" and promoting "Chinese -style modernization" -this vague wording expresses the world vision of Beijing and its partners in international rules and specifications. Essence
In this wish, India's positioning needs to be observed. As China's largest emerging strategic competitors, India joined the Shanghai Cooperation Organization in 2017. It considers the forum as a way to balance its own relationship with Western countries and relations with China and Russia.
Last month, Indian Prime Minister Modi and President Biden were in the White House. This meeting made Beijing more worried that India might be too close to the United States. Pete Marovich for the New Yorktimes
India has maintained a stable relationship with Russia after refusing to condemn Ukraine, mainly economic relationship Essence However, its relationship with China has deteriorated due to border disputes and the addition of the four -way security dialogue mechanism including the United States. The dialogue focuses on security, and Beijing regards it as a tool to curb China.
Modi last month high -profile visit to Washington It exacerbated China's doubts, that is, India is closer to the United States to curb China's rise.
advertise
Despite these tensions, India still has sweets in the forum. It relies on Central Asian countries to provide energy and maintain its influence in Afghanistan, which has a spillover effect on Pakistan.
Modi praised the forum as a "important platform" of peace and prosperity, but urged the organization to condemn the country that "use terrorism as its policy tools". The remarks refer to Pakistan, and India has accused it of funding militants in the controversial Kashmir region.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230705/putin-xi-modi-shanghai-summit/ 
Malaysia Six Prefecture nominated on July 29th to vote on August 12 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:36
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:08
Description: Malaysia's six states elections were held simultaneously, nominated on July 29, voting on August 12, two days on Saturday, the campaign period for a total of 14 days. The Malaysian Election Commission held a special meeting on Wednesday (July 5) to discuss Penang, Selangor, Sammeilan, Jilandan, Dengjialou ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马来西亚', '选举', '马国六州选举']
Malaysia's six states elections were held simultaneously, nominated on July 29, voting on August 12, two days on Saturday, the campaign period for a total of 14 days.
The Malaysian Election Commission held a special meeting on Wednesday (July 5th) to discuss related matters such as Penang, Selangor, Samimalan, Jilandan, Dengjialou, Jidang Six Prefecture, and voters. Dakani held a press conference to announce the details.
Abdulini said that the early voting date is scheduled to be on August 8.
Malaysian voters will vote for 245 state seats this time, 56 seats in Selangor, 45 Gilland Dan, 40 seats in Penang, 36 Samililan, 36 Gilients, and 32 Dengjialou.
Abdulini said that the sixth state elections used the name selection roster as of April this year, with a total of 9.773,571 voters in Liuzhou.
At present, Selangor, Penang, and Samimalan are controlled by the Pakatan Harapan, while Kedah, Jilandan and Dengjialou are controlled by the National League.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410824 
Comments | Wang Dan: The four lessons of Hong Kong's loss of freedom 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:43:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T14:46:59-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Tourists watching Victoria Harbor Hong Kong Victoria Harbor on June 28, 2023 Reuters picture AUDIO-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/wangdan/wd-07032023094010.html/@@stream On July 1st, it was the 26th anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China, and it was also the 3rd anniversary of the "National Security Law" that Hong Kong implemented the evil law of persecution of human rights. Today's Hong Kong has lost the past democracy, the rule of law and freedom of the past three years since the implementation of the National Security Law. According to statistics, at least there are now in Hong Kong prison 1500 political prisoners Half of them are under 25 years old. Hong Kong can be said to have become human rights depressions. From advocating the rule of law, economic prosperity, the people have a large degree of freedom to today. Of course, we must criticize the CCP's tyranny, but at the same time, when we look back at the road that Hong Kong has walked in the past decades, I think there are four lessons. Hong Kong people, as well as the free world, reflect on and reflect on: First of all, Hong Kong people, especially democratic schools, have been too trustworthy CCP's commitments since China and Britain began negotiating the future of Hong Kong in 1984. After 1997, the Victoria Garden Party was still held, and the freedom of the press was still maintained. Hong Kong people saw that the "one country, two systems" maintained the freedom of Hong Kong, but ignored the gradual media self -discipline, the infiltration of the CCP, and the dense recognition of the Chinese Communist Party. Knowing operations, etc., are actually changing things. The kind Hong Kong people always feel that things are not so important to today. Relaxing their vigilance can be said to be a major lesson. It turns out that for the CCP, everything is a problem of the system, and we must not forget the true nature of the totalitarian system because of the oral commitment of someone. Secondly, Hong Kong people are too confident to some extent. When hundreds of thousands, millions of people go to the street While maintaining the freedom of Hong Kong, many people have forgotten or despise two things: First, there are a lot of Hong Kong resistances, but there are many blue silk supporting the CCP. Without the support of the latter, it is difficult for the CCP to calm Hong Kong. Second, even if it is fighting, the internal cohesion is not enough. Before 2019, the younger generation had conflicts with the Fanmin. The college students in Hong Kong will host their own June 4th evening party and even oppose memorial to June 4th. The results of it? Now in Hong Kong, you can't do it anywhere. Later in 2019, I started to claim not to cut off, but it was too late. This is a painful lesson. Third, too much hope in the international community. It turns out that this is an unrealistic fantasy. In response to the situation in Hong Kong, the support and condemnation of the international community will certainly have it, but the use is not great. The Beijing Massacre in 1989 shocked the world. International sanctions and solidarity were stronger than today. At that time, it did not have much role. Besides, what about the Hong Kong issue? In the humanitarian nature, the international community must spare no effort, such as collecting refugees and giving political asylum, but it is almost impossible for other countries to break with the CCP for the interests of Hong Kong. To have the future in Hong Kong, it still depends on the efforts of Hong Kong people. The fourth lesson actually requires a free world, especially in Taiwan, which is how the CCP penetrates, and then takes down Hong Kong step by step. This is a planned method, including: 1) to promise a good first The conditions are maintained for a period of time, 2) Partially satisfied the governance of Hong Kong people to govern Hong Kong, so that local Hong Kong people should be chief executives; 3) deeply digging the soft soil, unknowingly penetrated: draw, temptation, let fear slowly, in society Middle proliferation; 4) Fighting democratic factions: discredit, differentiation, and let the opposition lose the right to speak; send people to play radicals, enter the democratic camp, jump out at a critical moment to fight themselves; 5) Through cognitive operations Let the society do not distinguish between right and wrong; 6) focus on cracking down on the most firm anti -communist forces, isolated each other, such as Lin Rongji's bookstore, etc.; 7) At the end, Tuju dagger, the implementation of the National Security Law, at this stage, everything is too late. This is worth thinking about.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/wangdan/wd-07032023094010.html 
Macron considers strengthening social network supervision commitments to accelerate repair facilities. 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:44
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T12:44
Description: French President Macron said that the "peak period" of the riots in France for many days has passed, but it is still necessary to be cautious in the next few weeks. He promised to provide financial assistance to cities affected by riots and accelerate reconstruction. Xinhua News Agency reported that Macron loved on Tuesday (July 4) in the Presidential Palace ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['法国', '骚乱', '马克龙']
French President Macron said that the "peak period" of the riots in France for many days has passed, but it is still necessary to be cautious in the next few weeks. He promised to provide financial assistance to cities affected by riots and accelerate reconstruction.
Xinhua News Agency reported that Macron said on Tuesday (July 4) when he met with riots at the Presidential Palace of Alice in Presidential Palace, saying that the priority was to restore national order. The government will propose a draft of the "emergency law" to accelerate the reconstruction after riots, especially to repair destroyed buildings, street facilities and public transport facilities.
He also promised to provide financial assistance to cities affected by riots to repair roads, municipal facilities and schools.
Macron said that the government is considering strengthening the regulatory measures of social networks, and in the future, "the possibility of cutting off social networks during crisis is not ruled out." He said that the government must be "hot and hot", and the government will finalize the "actual feasible solution" in the summer.
However, the mayor of L'haÿ-les-roses, who was destroyed by the people who lived in the family, said: "I come here, I hope the president will give us a vision and give us a direction. I am not here Participate in group psychological therapy. "
The French Ministry of Justice announced on Tuesday evening that a total of 3,625 people were arrested since June 30, of which 1,124 were minors. French Minister of Justice Mority told the media on July 1 that minors accounted for a large proportion of troubleders, and the government asked parents to shoulder responsibility.
The French Ministry of the Interior said that from Monday night to the early morning of Tuesday, riots and violence have decreased significantly, and police arrested 72 people.
On June 27, in Nantal City, Senna Province, France, a police officer was shot while stopping a car, and the 17 -year -old North African -American teenager who was driving died. The incident caused a strong response from all walks of life in France. Starting on the evening of June 28, there were different degrees of riots in many French cities.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410825 
Hong Kong National Security Law "out -of -domain effect" caused the cicada effects of overseas Hong Kong people's crickets and persistence 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:51:29.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T12:51:29.000Z
Description: The Hong Kong government tries to promote the "out -of -the -world validity" of the National Security Law, and it is high -profile to hang red Hong Kong people. Some overseas Hong Kong people say that every time they return to Hong Kong, they are barely, and they even ask friends to accompany the plane.
Images: [" _130295367_ed... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans ", " zh-hans "]
Tags: ['香港版国安法', '政治']
Type: Article
The "Outreach Effect" Hong Kong Guoan Law caused the cicada effects and persistence of overseas Hong Kong people 
9 hours ago Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Under the pressure of the National Security Law, overseas Hong Kong people did not dare to show their faces when they participated in political activities. The picture shows the Hong Kong people's rally in Taipei.
"There is no 100%freedom to leave Hong Kong. That threat is around you every day, no matter where you are," Hong Kong reporter Qi Ting (pseudonym) said to BBC Chinese. 
Qi Ting was transferred to Taiwan after the implementation of the National Security Law of Hong Kong (hereinafter referred to as the National Security Law). She often interviewed Hong Kong people's assembly activities and exposed to political sensitive people. She said that she has been under pressure for more than half a year.
"In the case of interviews, overseas is more dangerous than Hong Kong, because Hong Kong is calm on the surface under political suppression, and there are no demonstrations. Instead, there are continued overseas. All sensitive things and characters are overseas, and you don’t know his red line. where."
She said that when writing a report, she would have a self -censorship to avoid writing the words "Hong Kong Independence". "I feel contradictory. As an overseas reporter, I should be able to report truthfully, but I will worry about going back to Hong Kong."
She needs to return to Hong Kong frequently for her personal reasons. Every time she cares, she is prepared to be arrested. Before departure, I will pre -delete mobile phone information and contact lawyers, and even ask friends to accompany the plane.
"In case I was brought to the black room to ask or arrest, a friend knew immediately. Because you could take you away without entering the country, the Hong Kong government can say that there is no entry record for me, and the Taiwanese government said I have gone out of the country and I will lose my contact. "
Hong Kong Police hangs a million -dollar wanted social movement, Luo Guancong is worried about security threats Many details of the "Outside of the Domain for the National Security Law of the Hong Kong National Security Law" in Japan Hong Kong's "Counterfeit Middle" 4th Anniversary: Forbidden Books, Forbidden language, self -examination, and Hong Kong people are "re -educated" The Hong Kong government will re -push the "23": What is the difference between the "National Security Law"? Hong Kong Anti -Repair Example Demonstration Song "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" Banning Court Audit on July 21 ### "Round alarm"
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Luo Guancong, a former member of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Democratic School, exiled in June 2020, and was protected by British political asylum in 2021. The Hong Kong Guoan Department hung a million -dollar wanted to wanted him.
The "National Security Law", which is advertised as "only a group of people", has been implemented for three years. More than 260 people have been arrested and the age is 15 to 90 years old. Among them The maximum prisoner was sentenced to nine years.
Under the "Extractional Effect" clause, not only the residents of Hong Kong are affected, but overseas people are also within the French Open.
Article 37 and 38 of the "National Security Law" stipulates that "the permanent residents of Hong Kong or the corporate, groups such as companies, groups such as companies, groups established in Hong Kong organize crimes stipulated in this law outside Hong Kong" and "do not have the permanentness of Hong Kong permanentness People with residents who are residents shall apply to this law for the implementation of this law outside Hong Kong. "
The Guoan Department of the Hong Kong Police Department wanted eight overseas Hong Kong people such as Luo Guancong, Xu Zhifeng, and Guo Rongzheng, saying that they were suspected of violating the crime of collusion with foreign forces, inciting splitting the country, inciting the crime of subverting the state power, and each person hung HK $ 1 million. The South China Morning Post quoted the news that there were more than ten overseas Hong Kong people on the wanted list.
Earlier, a 23 -year -old Hong Kong girl studying in Japan was arrested when she returned to Hong Kong in March. She has been in Japan since 2019. Cases involving the "Extractional Effect" of the National Security Law.
Qi Ting described that the case rang the alarm of overseas people. "It is confirmed that this threat is not imagined by our outlets, but it happens. Guoan even found things on the Internet that a ordinary international student was found on the Internet.
She said that after the incident was exposed, the willingness to interviews in Taiwan and Hong Kong was significantly reduced. Even if she was willing to interview, she was so careful that she would even actively ask the media to "help filter out too radical remarks."
People in the British and Hong Kong people also felt the cold effect. Cao Jiachao (nicknamed "Cao"), the host of the online radio station, moved to the UK after he founded the political theory "Hong Kong KONGUNCENSORD" in YouTube. It is said that this summer has held a number of net gatherings, and many netizens have concerns. Even the public welfare fund -raising dinner at the public welfare fundraising dinner will also wear a mask to cover the face.
"Everyone will not discuss it special, but there are counting in your heart. In fact, it is okay to be wanted. At least you know that they want to catch you, and the Japanese student case is even more worried about whether the immigration will happen. The technique is more scary. "
Emily (pseudonym), which establishes a Hong Kong -people community cultural group in the UK, also told BBC in Chinese that its organization has held a silent assembly to protest the Hong Kong government's infringement of human rights for two consecutive years, and this year's activities have been greatly affected.
"Participants will still come, and they also say that we are very supportive of our activities, but they are far away. Wherever the peripherals, there will be no exhibition cards. We respect and understand If you still need to return to Hong Kong, there will be a certain risk. "
Operation in reality 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The picture shows the Hong Kong police patrolling the "Sovereignty Sovereign Memorial Day" on the streets of Causeway Bay
Li Guihua, General Police Division of the National Security Department of the Hong Kong Police Department, emphasized at a press conference that the police hanging red and wanted overseas Hong Kong people was not "doing political shows" (as a political show), but "law enforcement", but he also acknowledged that he could not be overseas overseas In law enforcement, as long as the wanted persons do not return to Hong Kong, they cannot arrest them.However, even if the wanted person entered the above 10 countries, it does not mean that the local government will make people to the Hong Kong Government because according to Article 3 of the UN Except for Demonstration Treaty, if the criminal act is a political crime, the extradition shall not be performed.
Dr. Li Enzhen, a visiting researcher at the Law School of the University of London, British University, told BBC in Chinese that the exterior effect of the National Security Law is a myth. "If you cannot enforce the law, there is only a political effect and cause a cold effect." He pointed out that the Hong Kong government's political and courts for political instability will only further accelerate the cancellation of the extradition agreement with the Hong Kong countries.
Dr. Zhong Jianhua, a Hong Kong public administrative scholar who has moved to the United Kingdom, also pointed out that the Hong Kong government expanded the National Security Law Network, but it could not get the judicial mutual assistance of the international community, which was the same as "self -hee". "In order to have the addiction of power and show their own power, they do not look at the overall situation. As a result, they have harmed Hong Kong, and even other normal judicial mutual assistance links were affected."
He criticized that Hong Kong's approach is now more barbaric than mainland China. In the past 20 years, he has not heard of overseas Chinese including democracy. "Hong Kong is not just in line with the mainland, but is blue."
Various means of multinational suppression 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
In early 2017, China ’s billionaire Xiao Jianhua was taken away and sent to the mainland at the Four Seasons Hotel in Hong Kong. The video showed that he was pushed away in a wheelchair at the time, and his head was covered with a blanket. The picture shows the information of the Four Seasons Hotel.
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcast
A Jing (a pseudonym), a Hong Kong person who has served as a leader in the Hong Kong citizen group, exiled to the UK after the implementation of the National Security Law and continued to engage in policy initiative. He said that he was not surprised by the people in the field of the National Security Law, but he would also worry about personal safety.
"There have been risk assessments, but once again reminded each other, what countries have extradition clauses with China and Hong Kong, and how each country responds after the wanted order."
The eight Hong Kong people who have been wanted by the red are located in the United Kingdom, the United States and Australia. Relevant countries have criticized the Hong Kong Government to quote the external governance of the National Security Law. However, Tang Jiazheng, a member of the Chief Executive Council and a senior barrister, stated on the radio program that the possibility of being transferred to Hong Kong by administrative means by administrative means to be able to pass through the friendly country in Hong Kong may not be ruled out.
Legal scholar Li Enzhen pointed out that in addition to paying attention to the regular fugitive extradition agreement, it is also necessary to prevent the authorities from intimidating overseas people in an informal way. "The behavior of TransnationAlRession is already an international issue. Many reports have revealed that the CCP has overseas police stations, and it is always a famous example that kidnapped overseas people to return home.
The human rights organization "Safeguard Defenders" issued a report last year that at least 102 overseas police stations are operating and distributed in 53 countries around the world, including the United Kingdom and the Netherlands.
The organization report also stated that the means of forcing people to escape to return home, including domestic family members as chips, overseas agents persuade threats and abduction. Among them, the abduction case mainly occurred in the authoritarian countries that have closely related to Beijing in Thailand. In some cases, the wanted target was arrested in the illegal or secret cooperation operation of the law enforcement department of the host country, and then handed over to the Chinese authorities.
In this regard, the Chinese government has always denied and stated that the so -called overseas police station is actually an overseas service station involved in overseas Chinese affairs.
Chen Jialuo, an associate professor at the Department of Political and International Relations at the Hong Kong Baptist University, told BBC in Chinese that the CCP's more common strategy is "people fighting the people" compared to "kidnapping" and launching overseas communities to attack overseas Hong Kong people.
In October last year, the Chinese Consulate General in Manchester beaten Hong Kong people who demonstrated outside the door. In June this year, some Hong Kong people were attacked by Chinese students after participating in the anti -repair motion commemorative rally in Southampton (Xiu Xianton) in Southampton, England.
Emily, who organizes Hong Kong people in the UK, said that in recent months, it was found that there were unknown history and suspected people from mainland China mixed the venue. "In the Hong Kong film screening, he walked around in the field, and his behavior was very abnormal. We asked him to leave. There was also a photo of the participants secretly. When I walked to stop him, he was dressed as South Korea as South Korea. People, but at first glance, they are from mainlanders, and some volunteers have heard him speak Mandarin. "
She said that everyone is in danger now, and she pays attention to security measures, and the local police must be notified beforehand. "The police here attaches great importance to Hatecrime, and will take the initiative to care about our situation and understand whether anyone is here to harass us."
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66107890/P0D7G9M5/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66107890/p0d7g9m5/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
On the occasion of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, a group of people who lived in Britain and Hong Kong went to the Consulate General of the Mandarin in Manchester to protest and were beaten by unknown persons.### "It's more united" "
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Some overseas Hong Kong people said they would overcome their fear. The picture shows a participant in the commemorative assembly in London's "Counterfeit" commemorative assembly in June 2023.
Political scholar Chen Jialuo pointed out that the Beijing and Hong Kong Government's efficiency of psychological warfare is an important way to maintain Guoan and use intimidation to combat the morale of the opposition camp.
Public administrative scholar Zhong Jianhua also said that the Japanese student case was to let the people who would return to Hong Kong to speak, and the eight men wanted to let those who lived overseas and would not return to Hong Kong had to accept it. At the same time Human rights and political lobbying overseas.
A Jing, a policy proprietary in exile, said that the wanted events will make overseas Hong Kong people united, and even strengthen the connection with the eight people who have been wanted. "We do the initiative, there has always been stress, and the question is how to overcome fear. This time, the attitude of the people in the circle is that we must not shrink down because he creates fear. We must face unity and cooperate in the future."
Cao Jiachao, the host of the Internet politics program, also said that under pressure, he will still maintain two live broadcasts a day and criticize Hong Kong and mainland China. "When I left Hong Kong, I hope to have space to speak overseas. There is no reason to keep the Hong Kong National Security Law and self -examination when I come to the UK. On behalf of the Hong Kong people, I can't let them succeed. "
However, the cost of freedom is Yongbie's hometown. Cao admitted that there was still a hint of fantasies in the early days of immigration, thinking that in the future, it can go on both sides of the United Kingdom and Hong Kong, and now it has "completely died." "The liquidation of the Guoan Law will not be completed at once. It has become an implementation system. It has constant bureaucratic bureaucrats and budgets. It is necessary to continue to pay (hand in performance), which means that the national security nightmare will be endless."
Qi Ting, a reporter who still travels to Hong Kong and Taiwan, said that the risks they face are getting higher and higher. If they cannot bear one day, they will resign, but they will continue to "step on the steel line" to report the truth before that day. "Being a reporter is so annoying, you know that there is a risk, but you still feel a sense of mission. I want to record history with my ability and continue writing."
Video-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66107890/P0Fyshx3/ZH-Hans Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
BBC documentary: Is the Chinese government monitoring you?
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66107890 
Guide to respond to nuclear accidents in the Chinese Embassy in Ukraine 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T12:54:00Z
Description: Ukraine Zaparo Nuclear Power Station is still facing serious security threats. Both Ukraine and Russia have accused the other party of plans to attack nuclear power plants in the short term. On Wednesday, the Chinese Embassy in Ukraine forwarded the Ukrainian Ministry of Health on its official webpage to issue a nuclear accident response guide, and reminded Chinese citizens to "do not come to black."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '扎波罗热', '核电站', '袭击', '中国', '核事故']
Id: 66123550
The Zapolo Nuclear Power Station is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe with a installed capacity of 6,000 MW. It has been under Russia's control since March 2022. Since September last year, all six reactors have been closed.
(Voice of Germany) Moscow and Kiev, both accused the other party of intending to attack the largest nuclear power plant in Europe, the largest nuclear power plant in southern Ukraine in the short term. Ukrainian President Zelei said in a daily video speech published on Tuesday (July 4): "We have the information through the intelligence department. Material similar to explosives. "
Zellezki said that Russia may simulate attacks on nuclear power plants, and Ukraine may be charged as behind -the -scenes manipulator. He asked the international community to increase pressure to Russia to prevent all of this.
The Moscow blamed that the Ukrainian military was planning to attack the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station.
Ukraine believes that Russia deliberately bombed important buildings to supply cooling water to Zapolo Nuclear Power Station. Many international experts also believe that this is very likely, but Moscow has firmly denied it and accused it of being Kiev.
Ukrainian presidential adviser MyChajlo Podoljak criticized Rafaelgrossi, "Rafaelgrossi) in an interview with Ukraine TV on Tuesday evening:" That person (Groas) is completely completely full of core risks of handling core risks. "He said that if the international atomic agency put pressure on Rosatom, a state -owned company in Russian atomic energy, it can force the Russian army to withdraw and remove the mines at the Zapolo nuclear power plant.
Last week, Gronci said that so far, International Atomic Energy Institution Expert It has not been found that the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station has obvious signs of landmines or other explosives, but experts still need additional channels at the scene for further inspections.
Podoliak called Gronci as "that person" and criticized him as a "clown show".
The Zapolo Nuclear Power Station is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe with a installed capacity of 6,000 MW. Since the beginning of March 2022, under Russia's control Essence Since September last year, all six reactors have been closed.
Gracence, Director -General of the International Atomic Energy Agency, inspected the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station in June this year.
President of Ukraine: China's position is "very important" 
Andriy Yermak, the staff member of Zeleki, said on Wednesday that China's position is "very important" in the face of Russia's potential nuclear threats.
Yermark posted a screenshot of an article published by the Financial Times on social communication software Telegram. The article reported that Chinese President Xi Jinping warned Russian President Putin not to take nuclear strikes in Ukraine.
Yeermark wrote: "(This is) (China) an important position for the nuclear threat to the crazy Russian terrorists from crazy Russian terrorists."
The Embassy in China Reminder reminds Chinese citizens to "don't come to Wu" 
On Wednesday, the Chinese Embassy in Ukraine reposted the "Guidelines for the Copper Corporation of the Ukrainian Ministry of Health" on its official webpage. The "Copper Guide" reminds that if a nuclear accident occurs in the area, the residents of the potential radiation accident area must be prepared for the possible evacuation; if the authorities formally announce the emergency of nuclear radiation, please stay indoors or enter the room as soon as possible; please continue to pay attention to the authorities. Further announce and follow the instructions of the authorities. The "Guide" also recommends that the items carried when they evacuate include: documents and their copies (identity documents, medical documents, real estate, and real estate ownership documents, contacts in emergencies), masks or respirators, first aid boxes and one week's week Drugs (if you have chronic diseases), wet paper towels, replaceable clothes and shoes, minimum water and food.
The "Guide" also mentioned: "Use plastic wrap with plastic wrap tightly to wrap your luggage tightly in order to speed up the purification process at the health station. If you are in a nuclear accident area, you can leave the building after you get the relevant instructions of the authorities. The local authorities will be. The position of the evacuation point, and the safest travel route when self -driving vehicles are evacuated. "
The Chinese Embassy in Ukraine also emphasized after reposting the "Guide to the Copper Correspondent of the Nuclear Incident", "the embassy solemnly reminds that Ukraine is still in a state of war. Please ask our citizens not to come to Ukraine. The security reminder issued by the authorities, in advance according to the relevant prompts, make a good emergency shelter plan. Do not be lucky and keep in mind the safety first. "
On the same day, the Chinese Embassy also issued a "Notice on Requirement of Citizens in Ukraine immediately." The notice said, "At present, the situation of Ukraine is very complicated and is still at high risks. Now all Chinese citizens in Ukraine are required to register a new round of filing. Finish."
(Germany, Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国驻乌克兰大使馆转发核事故应对指南/a-66123550?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
India -Terrace relations upgrade!Taiwan set up a Mumbai office 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T13:16:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:22:15-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Taiwan announced on the 5th that the "Economic and Cultural Office of Taipei in Mumbai" will be established in Mumbai, India's largest city. Taiwan ’s official website of Taiwan’ s Taipei Economic and Cultural Center ’s official website of Taiwan announced on the 5th that it will set up the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Mumbai, India’ s largest city. This will be the third stronghold set up in India after New Delhi and Chiang Nai. The Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that since the establishment of a office in Qingnai in 2012, nearly 60 % of Taiwanese businessmen have traveled to South India to invest in factories. It is expected that after the establishment of a office in Mumbai, it will play a similar role in western India. The Taiwan Central News Agency quoted Xia Hainna, a researcher at the Indian Think Tank China Analysis and Strategy Center, saying that Mumbai is India's economic center, with good infrastructure and is very suitable for Taiwanese businessmen to invest. As for whether Taiwan's establishment of a office in Mumbai will make China -India relations further nervous, Xia Haina said that India has always done things that are beneficial to himself and allow Taiwan to set up in Mumbai to India, and there is no need to consider the feelings of other countries. India expressed its action. At present, there are 190 Taiwanese businessmen in India, mostly concentrated in Deli, Kiyoshi and Bangalol. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-07052023123356.html 
Appeal the upgrade of foreign companies to establish a round table meeting of foreign companies 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T13:16:16-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:16:16-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Foreign -funded enterprises round tables will be scene The Ministry of Commerce of the Ministry of Commerce of China held a round table for foreign -funded enterprises on the 5th, emphasizing that "attract foreign capital in more important positions". According to the official website of the Ministry of Commerce of China, the Minister of Commerce of China Wang Wentao presided over the round table meeting of foreign -funded enterprises to invite 12 foreign representatives from GM Pharmaceuticals, Boerkang, Astrikon, Roche, Merhado, Temple, and Pfizer to attend the meeting. " Foreign -funded enterprises operate in China, problems and demands, and opinions and suggestions. At the meeting, Wang Wentao pointed out that in accordance with the deployment of the State Council, the Ministry of Commerce will upgrade the establishment of a round table system for foreign -funded enterprises on the basis of existing normal exchanges to help foreign companies develop in China. Recently, China's economy has slowed down, geopolitical risks have been upgraded, foreign investment in Chinese investment has begun to slow down, and trying to disperse risks. In the past period, the employees of foreign companies such as Mei Siwi Group and Bain have been detained in China. American chip manufacturer Micron was investigated for national security. These actions caused foreign -funded enterprises to disturb their confidence in China. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-07052023122102.html 
Australian Prime Minister said that Hong Kong's wanted Australian residents "unacceptable" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T13:17:53-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:17:53-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Albanis spoke in Sydney on the 5th to criticize the Hong Kong authorities wanted two people who lived in Australia in Australia. The Associated Press picture Australia Prime Minister Albanis said on Wednesday that Hong Kong's reward is unacceptable to two Australian residents. The remarks were issued to Hong Kong to eight democratic orders a few days ago, including Melbourne lawyers, Australian citizen Ren Jianfeng, and former Hong Kong Legislative Council member Xu Zhifeng, who currently lived in Adelaide. Albanis confirmed that he had received an official invitation to visit China in May, but he had not confirmed the invitation. He repeatedly said that it is important to cancel all obstacles to the Australian -China trade. Australian Foreign Minister Huang Yingxian also said that unless it has achieved "continuous progress" in the resolution of the trade and consular disputes in Australia and China, the Prime Minister Albanis will not go to China. Earlier, the United States and the United Kingdom also expressed concern and condemnation to Hong Kong's wanted orders to eight democracy. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a regular press conference on the 4th that "expressed strong dissatisfaction and resolutely issued by some countries to publicize the Hong Kong National Security Law and interfere with the legal system of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-07052023123541.html 
The increase in the number of infants in South Korea to 400, 15 of them confirmed to die 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T13:25
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T13:25
Description: South Korean police said on Wednesday (July 5) that as of 2 pm on Tuesday, a total of 420 "house -free babies" were investigated and commissioned, which was investigating 400 of them. Among them, 15 babies who had not been registered for birth have been confirmed. die. Yonhap News Agency reported that the Korean Police Department ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '调查', '婴儿']
South Korean police said on Wednesday (July 5) that as of 2 pm on Tuesday, a total of 420 "house -free babies" were investigated and commissioned, which was investigating 400 of them. Among them, 15 babies who had not been registered for birth have been confirmed. die.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that the National Investigation Headquarters of the South Korean Police Department said that acceptance cases are still increasing. Among the 15 deaths, the police found that eight of them were suspected of criminal suspects, and five of them were "suspected of criminal suspicion". The other two babies were killed by the biological mothers who were killed by their biological mothers for the "Mizuga Refrigerator Tibetan Case". The case had been transferred to the prosecutor. For 353 babies, police are investigating their whereabouts.
The South Korean government has surveyed on June 28. There is a record of birth in the hospital, but the "no children" who have not been registered. According to statistics, the censorship was born from 2015 to 2022, but 2123 babies who were not born were registered. All local governments strive to complete the investigation on August 7.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410831 
After the Hong Kong Police Hanging Red Wanted Four more people in the local Hong Kong people and British councilors to urge Foreign Ministers to summon the Chinese ambassador 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T13:32:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T17:20:04-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On the afternoon of July 5th, Liu Zudi and Mongolian, who were wanted by the Hong Kong Government, were accompanied by a press conference with Bob Sely, a member of the British Parliament and a member of the Congress Foreign Affairs Commission, held a press conference. 石头摄 audio-1-link：Https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibagabaodaaodao/al-07052023102513.html/@@stream After the Hong Kong government hung eight overseas Hong Kong people a few days ago, four people, such as Lin Langyan, chairman of the Democratic Party "Hong Kong Chronicles", arrested a former democratic party on Wednesday (5th), accused them of running an online shopping platform to fund overseas fugitives. Some wanted people did not know the relevant persons, and they just took advantage of the police to accuse the police alleged "incredible". The incident also attracted great attention from British councilors. Some members urged Foreign Ministers to call for the Chinese ambassador to the UK and immediately suspend ministerial officials between Britain and Hong Kong.
Li Jiachao said "Lifetime Hacquent" eight Hong Kong people analysis: extradition violations of international legal principles * Hong Kong rewards and wanted overseas dissidents American criticism is a precedent for danger ** The third anniversary of the National Security Law, Hong Kong wanted eight people in the name of "endangering national security" Among the eight overseas Hong Kong people who were wanted by the Hong Kong Government's red HK $ 1 million, three of the overseas Hong Kong people lived in the UK, including Luo Guancong, a former member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council, Liu Zudi, who was known as the "fried bass", and the former director of the Hong Kong Workers' Alliance, overseas overseas officer, overseas overseas The Hong Kong people organized the Director -General of "Hong Kong Labor and Rights Supervision".
Liu Zudi and Meng Zhanda were accompanied by a press conference in Congress, a member of the British Parliament and a member of the Parliament Foreign Affairs Committee, and a press conference.
The Hong Kong government said that the online shopping platform helped the fugitive Liu Zudi: "Unbelievable" 
And shortly before the press conference, the Hong Kong police announced the arrest of four men, including Lin Langyan, chairman of the former Hong Kong Democratic party "Hong Kong Chronicles". Behavior. The Hong Kong Police accused them of collecting funds through the online shopping platform "Punishment Mee" and funded eight wanted people.
Both Liu Zudi and Mongolia said that they did not know relevant organizations and arrested people. Regarding the Hong Kong police's saying "punishing Mee" to fund himself, Liu Zudi described as "incredible" and believed that it was part of the Hong Kong police series.
Meng Zhanda workers are implicated in Hong Kong's comrades in Hong Kong 
Although the two are currently in the UK, they are not risk of being arrested in real time, but Mongolian is worried that comrades and colleagues in Hong Kong will be implicated.
Meng Zhaoda said: "What sins are supported by supporting their own concepts through business business? In this way, they must be suppressed and arrested, reflecting that after this wanted order is issued, not only overseas active members will be suppressed and stressed, but also exacerbate Hong Kong in Hong Kong. This kind of suppression and arrest of the earth. "
Meng Zhanda was worried that his comrades -in -arms and former colleagues in Hong Kong would be implicated. (Stone photo) He said that although the Hong Kong Guoan police could not arrest him more, he was worried that the wanted order would produce "inferior effects" and encouraged the "small pink" harassment or intimidation of overseas Chinese "small pink", so he would more cautiously protect personal whereabouts and information in the future.
Liu Zudi Ji to prevent anyone from kidnapping the wanted person 
Liu Zudi said that after the Hong Kong Government issued a wanted order, some Hong Kong friends provided information to him, saying that some people proposed in the telegraph group that they would "capture or kill people after being cheated with people". He admits that he is not safe in the UK, but he will continue to do what to do.
Liu Zudi said, "Frankly, there is not much to do to see these messages except for being careful. I will not be too worried and tie my hands, but I will do more. I am always not in Hong Kong. But in the UK, I have enjoyed relative freedom. Even if there is a person in danger, I will continue to do it. "
Regarding the Hong Kong Police's "punishing Mee" to fund himself, Liu Zudi described as "incredible". (Stone photo) He recalled that he was attacked by unknown people in London in 2020, breaking blood on the spot, and led to the right eye bone fracture and brain shock. Soon after the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District" came into effect, he had been wanted by the Hong Kong Government, and the outside world also circulated Beijing for 1 million yuan "dark flowers" and "buying his life". Liu Zudi believes that the Hong Kong government has once again wanted to want to be red, the biggest difference is only to provide substantial evidence for Beijing's multinational suppression actions, and called on the British government to take substantial actions to protect the safety of people in British and Hong Kong.?
Bobsely, a member of the British House of Commons, who presided over a press conference, criticized the Hong Kong government's actions to pressure and intimidate his comrades in Hong Kong social movements, and intended to make the British government and politicians no longer pay attention to Hong Kong affairs. He believes that British judges should withdraw from the Hong Kong court and call on the British government to reduce dependence on Chinese trade. Member of Selly said that democratic countries should coordinate each other and discuss how to protect Hong Kong people in the country.
Bobsely, a member of the British House of Commons, who presided over a press conference, criticized the Hong Kong government's actions to pressure and intimidate his comrades in Hong Kong social movements, and intended to make the British government and politicians no longer pay attention to Hong Kong affairs. (Stone photo) The British Foreign Minister issued a statement on Monday (3rd) to strongly oppose the "National Security Law of the Port Area" and call on Beijing to cancel, emphasizing that Britain will not tolerate any attempts to intimidate and suppress individuals in the UK and overseas.
However, the British Congress cross -party Hong Kong group believes that the statement of the Foreign Minister is not enough. The group issued a statement on Wednesday (5th), asking the Foreign Minister to summon the Chinese ambassador to the UK on the incident, and immediately suspend the ministerial visit between Britain and Hong Kong until the Hong Kong government withdrew the wanted order. The group also condemned the voices of the Hong Kong government and asked the British government to ensure the safety of people in Britain.
On Thursday (6th), the British House will also conduct verbal inquiries on the incident and continue to put pressure on the government.
As of now, more than 50 overseas Hong Kong people and international citizen organizations have initiated the joint agency to urge governments to implement specific measures to protect people in exile in Hong Kong, including suspension of suspension of the Extraheitage of Hong Kong and China, and coordinating the early warning mechanism of international criminal police organizations.
Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Responsible: He Ping.com editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/al-07052023102513.html 
Modna will produce MRNA drugs dedicated to the Chinese market (Free Version) 
Authors: ['多纳托•保罗•曼奇尼', '汉娜•库赫勒']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T13:37:52+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:36:99+08:00
Description: American biotechnology company Modna confirmed on Wednesday that it has reached an agreement with relevant Chinese departments to study, develop and produce "no export (to outside China)" drugs.
Images: [" 000186548_pic... "]
Themes: ['莫德纳', '关注']
Keywords: ['莫德纳', '生物技术', '制药', 'mRNA']
Type: Article
 Although the current US -China relations have continued to be tight, American pharmaceutical companies Modna(Modern)Agreement has been reached to produce a messenger dedicated to China.(mRNA)drug.
The biotechnology company said on Wednesday that it has reached an agreement with relevant Chinese departments to research, develop and produce drugs that "will not export (outside China)".
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100169 
Australian Prime Minister said that Hong Kong rewarded democratic activities "unacceptable" Xu Zhifeng: Hong Kong today's "extreme absurdity" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T13:56:41+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 16:18:46Z
Description: Australia Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said on Wednesday (July 5) that Hong Kong's reward for two Australian residents was "unacceptable". They were eight people wanted by the Hong Kong police in accordance with the "Hong Kong Edition National Security Law" eight. Two of overseas democratic activities. Among them, Xu Zhifeng, who was wanted by the Hong Kong alarm and currently lived in Australia, stated that Hong Kong today was "extremely ridiculous".
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '亚太', '人权', '中国', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/australian-pm-says-hk-bounty-on-activists-unacceptable-20230705/7167637.html 
Singer Li Yan committed suicide, let us talk about depression 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T14:00:00Z
Description: Chinese singer Li Yan died of committing depression. Depression is a serious disease, and at the same time, people are also taboo. The United Nations Health Organization has called for strengthening their understanding of this disease.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['欧盟', '欧洲']
Id: 38343598
(Voice of Germany Chinese) According to Li Silin, Li Silin, Li Silin sent by Sina Weibo on July 5, Chinese musician female singer Li Yan (art name: COCO) unfortunately suffered from depression a few years ago. The struggle, recently, has changed sharply, giving birth at home on July 2. Li Silin said that Li Yan has been coma since he was sent to the hospital. After the hospital team, he tried to rescue and treat. On July 5th, "returning to the soul is lack of skills, and he resigned with the world."
According to a survey by the World Health Organization, 322 million people around the world are plagued by depression, accounting for 4.4%of the world's total population. "Depression-Let's talk about" a teacher and a student, two women, and colleagues, doctors, and patients, talk together. The posters of the World Health Organization are posted in Europe, Asia, Africa, and even Japan. Dr. Ulrichhegerl, a psychologist at the University of Leipzig's Medical College, said: "Depression exists in all countries, and the situation is very similar."
A high incidence of disease 

dw.com 
German college student's mental health is getting worse 
What is the health of German college students? A new recent survey of a large medical insurance company shows that a considerable proportion of college students believe that the pressure of learning is too high, and there are not a few people with psychological problems.(27.07.2015)
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国大学生心理健康每况愈下/a-18609144)
Study: One -tenth pilot has a tendency to depression 
Harvard researchers through an anonymous questionnaire found that about one of about every 10 pilots showed signs of depression. Why is pilot so vulnerable to depression?(17.12.2016)
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/研究十分之一飞行员有抑郁症倾向/a-36790629)
Another kind of mental pain: Men's depression 
In Germany, about one -third of the depression patients are men. However, many men's depression symptoms are different from women, so it is often difficult to detect.(19.04.2015)
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/另一种精神痛楚男人们的抑郁症/a-18389832)
Do you know if you have a tendency to suicide 
Depression can make their patients commit suicide. Anti -depression drugs help improve the patient's emotions, but in a few cases, taking antidepressants will promote suicide. The countermeasure is: blood test.(02.02.2014)
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/有无自杀倾向-验血就知道/a-17389114)
The number of German soldiers has the number of depression disorders reached its peak 
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国士兵有抑郁障碍的人数达到高峰/a-6218282)Many people think that depression is mainly related to problems encountered in life, or because of sadness and disappointment. For many years, the World Health Organization has been trying to correct this prejudice. Thomasmüller-RöRich, the German depression alliance, believes that this is not enough. There is no attention to the health care system and society. "He said that he was tortured by depression and received psychological and antidepressant drug treatment.
The fear of anti -depression drugs 
Especially in Germany, many people are afraid of taking antidepressant drugs, and Hergel said: "Many people are worried that they will depend on anti -depression drugs." He said that if he did not take antidepressants in time, his depression would be very good In severe, just like insulin and severe diabetes, antidepressants are very important for controlling depression.
Whether it is a work unit, family, or relatives and friends, it lacks sufficient attention to depression, and people rarely talk about this topic. It is precisely that many relatives often ignore the care of patients to help them overcome difficulties. Sometimes doctors feel overwhelmed, because depression is often physical discomfort. In the end, many patients regard depression as a shame, and find a way to cover up their condition, instead of treatment.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Happy therapist 
Where is the doctor, the dog can help. These docile four -legged friends can bring people joy and win people's trust. For example, dogs and their owners help treatment in the elderly in the elderly. This weekend, a research theory held in Hanover, Germany will focus on the benefits of animal auxiliary treatment.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Pet is a healthy investment 
Although there may be no strong evidence that animal auxiliary treatment can be cured for a long time, one thing that can be determined is that animals are good for health. Many studies have shown that pets have a positive impact on the cardiovascular system of the owner. They help the owner relieve stress.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Surrounded by friends 
The psychiatrist explained the role of animals on patients that pets are different from humans, and they will not make evaluations and do not make suggestions. But doctors believe that animals can help children improve their self -confidence and express themselves. In Russia in the figure, dog -assisted treatment is usually used on disabled children.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Riding a horse! 
Treatment -type horses are similar to general horse riding, but they will make appropriate adjustments to people with special needs, such as people with physical disability. Horse can help people move their waist and hips, soothing tight muscles.
*#
Animal Therapist 
alpaca therapist 
Animal Therapist 
Hey? 
Polish Jishufu University of Technology(Rzeszów University of Technology)38 alpacas were introduced from Chile to help treat children. Obviously, there is no need to prove effective research here: because just looking at these animals, you will feel happy.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Release depression 
Patients at the Hannover Psychiatric Hospital will go to the Serenteti Park in the Pennin Grassland of Luluburg to feed animals such as giraffes. Researchers at the Hanno Medical College said such visits can help release the patient's depression.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Find evidence 
In Sereneti Park, patients can also feed and stroke the Madagasca fox monkey. Researchers at Hannover Medical College will observe their behavior for five years. They want to clarify whether these cute ray animals can really help mental illness to recover from lasting.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Control 
Touring with dolphins also belongs to the treatment activity assisted by animals. Although this method is favored by children, it is often criticized. Psychotherapists pointed out that this method has no effect on patients and even dangerous. Animal protectors warned that dolphins from many countries came from Japan and were captured in bloody slaughter. Many dolphins are traumatized.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Not all animals are suitable as a therapist 
For humans, traveling with Campus may be an extraordinary experience. However, according to animal protection sources, this method is prohibited from being included in the treatment activities assisted by animals. They said that these animals from the Arctic were unable to withstand the temperature in the treatment pool and could die in advance.
*#
Animal Therapist 
The most common animal is usually the best therapist 
Cats and dogs are everywhere. Most of them live with humans. Since there are these cute animals around, why are you looking for dolphins and whales?
Author: brigitte osteite
Typical symptoms 
Whether a person suffers from depression will have a large number of signs, and at least two weeks will continue. It's not just a depressed mood. It is difficult for those who suffer from depression. They are exhausted for a long time and cannot sleep normally. Hagel explained: "Although these people are exhausted, they cannot fall asleep. They often have no appetite, weight loss, fall into despair, and have some dark ideas. The symptoms of depression and other emotional troubles When it is obviously different, these people's hearts are like turning into stones, often no longer crying, and feel nervous, just like facing the exam.
The gap between the rich and the poor 
In Germany and Europe, more and more patients can participate in rehabilitation treatment through digitization, while in poor countries, it is another situation. There are also many war refugees, persecuted crowds, and people who suffer severe psychological trauma. They will be attacked by depression, and depression will also affect the next generation. "If there is a history of depression in close relatives, the risk of the disease is two to three times higher than that of ordinary people." Millerh of the German Depression Alliance pointed out that without mental health, there is no physical health without physical health without physical health without physical health. He said: "We believe that the focus of the World Health Day is not suitable for psychological diseases."
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/歌手李玟自杀-让我们来聊聊抑郁症/a-38343598?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The New Speaker of Thailand announced that the upper and lower courtyards will vote on July 13 to choose the new Prime Minister 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T14:09
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:55
Description: The Thai Congress will vote for a new Prime Minister on July 13. Reuters reported that Wan Muhammad, the new Speaker of the Thai House of Commons, announced to the media on Wednesday (July 5) that he decided to hold a new Prime Minister's election next Thursday. The new Prime Minister of Thailand must vote from 750 members of the upper and lower houses ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['泰国', '首相', '披塔', '投票']
The Thai Congress will vote for a new Prime Minister on July 13.
Reuters reports that Mohammad, New Speaker of the House of Commons in Thailand On Wednesday (July 5), he announced to the media that he decided to hold a new Prime Minister's election next Thursday.
The new Prime Minister of Thailand must be voted by 750 members of the upper and lower houses, and the voting date is determined by the Speaker of the House of Commons.
In the election of the House of Lower House, the leader of the Party Party, who won overwhelming victory, announced on Monday night on Monday night that the APP and the Thai Party agreed to be the speaker of the 79 -year -old national party leader Wan Mohammed. The Thai party candidates will serve as the second deputy, and the other six Alliance Party agrees with this plan.
The Democratic Eight Party League led by the Pagoda supports the Tower as the candidate for their Prime Minister.
Political scholars in Thailand believe that the Moved Party compromises to the Thai party in the election of the Speaker, indicating that the road to the Tower is added to the way to add variables.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410836 
German media: Who is more injured in the export of Chinese control? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T14:27:00Z
Description: The news of China's regulation of 口 口 has attracted widespread attention from German media. This move is considered a revenge on Washington. The Berlin Daily believes that the West can use this opportunity to further reduce its dependence on Chinese raw materials. "New Zurich" pointed out that it may be difficult to find a supplier of Chinese in the short term.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '德国制造', '薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '专题报道：习近平访美', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴']
Keywords: ['经济', '中国', '美国', '中美', '出口', '管制', '制裁', '俄罗斯', '耶伦', '习近平', '拜登', '关税']
Id: 66126364
China ’s controlling measures are considered a revenge on Washington, and the United States has implemented a chip export ban.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) "The next round of the US -China trade dispute has begun. [Beijing announced on Monday night to implement export restrictions on rare metal 镓 and 锗(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中國管制鎵鍺出口-各國如何嚴防供應鏈中斷/a-66118831)Essence "Berlinerzeitung" started this evaluation at the beginning of an article on Tuesday (July 4). This move is considered a revenge on Washington, and the United States has implemented a chip export ban.
The Ministry of Commerce of China announced export control on the related objects required by the manufacture of high -performance chips. The purpose is to protect national security. Controls have been implemented on August 1. The article pointed out that these two metal minerals are widely used in semiconductor materials, electric vehicles and other fields, and can also be used for military purposes. The author Simonzeise wrote: "At present, many electronic devices, such as mobile phones, are produced in China: Does the Chinese want to further expand their dominant position here?" The article believes that the West can use this opportunity to further reduce raw materials for Chinese raw materials Dependence: "If the Beijing side uses these new regulations to limit the supply of other countries, the price may rise, then mining rare metals elsewhere will be more economical. For example, China's previous restrictions on rare earth exports have been cut off. The country's market share. "
Many countries, including Germany, are trying to diversify their raw materials to reduce dependence on China. The German Industry Federation (BDI) pointed out that Beijing's export control measures highlight the urgency of "rapid reduction" in Europe and Germany to rely on key raw materials. Therefore, it is necessary to develop internal mining in Europe. The article pointed out that the export regulations of the latest rare metals introduced in Beijing are not the first time that China has implemented an export ban: "China has implemented export restrictions on rare earth in the 1990s. This has put pressure on Japanese companies that highly rely on China. The situation changed in 2010. As a response to a collision incident near the islands near the Chinese fishing vessels and the Japanese Coast Guard in both sides, China suspended the export of rare earths in Japan. Supply competitions. Subsequently, the increase in Australia and the United States has increased, which led to China's share in global mineral production from 98%in 2010 to 70%in 2022. "
The title is "The warning of the German economy: why China restricts the exit of rare metals?" About 94 %. Nevertheless, these metals are not particularly rare or difficult to obtain. But so far, the Chinese government has made production costs cheaper than other countries through subsidy policies. "
Interview: The United States is time to indicate the willingness to dialogue 
An article published by Switzerland's "New Zurich" pointed out on Tuesday that China has been threatening for many years that it can use certain materials as chips. Now, this moment may have arrived. The title is "Don't say we don't warn you!": China uses rare earth export control to counterattack chip sanctions («Sagensie Nicht, WIR Hätten Sie Nicht Gewarnt!»: China Kontert Chip-Sankionen Mitexportkontrolen Für SelteneerDen ) The article wrote: "China The largest customers of these two materials include three countries that impose chip sanctions on Beijing, the United States, the Netherlands and Japan. Germany and France are also important customers. "
The reporter in China Matthias Sander wrote: " USA implemented export control to chips using cymbal oxides in 2022 Essence This material makes the chip tolerance high, so it is suitable for military applications. "
The article believes that Russia and Ukraine may be able to replace Chinese suppliers. It may be difficult to replace suppliers in the short term, especially for factors such as the Russian and Ukraine War. "
The content of the excerpt from other media does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：中国管制镓锗出口-到底谁更受伤？/a-66126364?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Beijing -controlled semiconductor key raw materials export and canceling senior EU officials visiting China and European relations tend to be tense 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T14:34:58+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 06:34:58Z
Description: The trend of the development of the United States and Japan to block the development of the Chinese semiconductor industry has become increasingly obvious, which has triggered revenge in Beijing. On the one hand, the export control is set up for key raw materials of semiconductor and 镓, and on the other hand, the EU senior officials are scheduled to visit Beijing next week.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-eu-tensions-rise-as-beijing-imposes-new-export-ban-on-critical-material-20230705/7167648.html 
Four Hong Kong men were arrested for hazarding national security crimes 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T15:03:23-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:03:23-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Former Hong Kong chairman Lin Langyan was arrested on the 5th from an industrial building. Reuters pictures
The Hong Kong Police National Security Division arrested four men, including the former chairman of Hong Kong's Zhi Zhi, Lin Langyan on the 5th, on the grounds that endangered national security.
According to a number of media reports in Hong Kong, after the preliminary investigation of the Hong Kong police, the four men said that the four men were suspected of using the company's travel number, social platforms and mobile applications to absorb funds and support exiles in exile to engage in "harmful national security" activities. Essence These arrested people have also repeatedly released the "institutional" message through social platforms, including inciting others' hatred for the Chinese government and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, and supporting Hong Kong independent posts.
The Hong Kong police law enforcement officers were arrested and office buildings, and moved away a large number of documents, banners, and electronic communication tools according to the court arrests. The arrested four were suspected of supporting eight overseas wanted criminals on the online shopping platform "Punishment of Mee". At present, the arrest operation is still underway, and more people are arrested.
Lin Langyan, 29, was sentenced to 7 months in prison for surrounding the Hong Kong Police Headquarters in December 2020 and released in April 2021. The Zhizhi was established by a group of youth and disbanded the day before the implementation of the National Security Law in 2020. Some founders were detained overseas. Luo Guancong, who was in exile, was wanted by the Hong Kong Guoan Department to make a reward of 1 million to the world.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-07052023122451.html 
Washington Hong Kong Democratic Committee calls on the fight against Hong Kong Government to lobby in the United States 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T15:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:18:58-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Data Picture: The "Hong Kong Democratic Committee" (HKDC), which was established on September 17, 2019 in Washington, USA. The organization today released a new research report "Anti -Lobby Reveals: How Inspects to help the Hong Kong Government" revealed the lobbying activities funded by the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government for many years. Reporter Han Jie Photography/RFA Information Washington Non -Government Organization of the Hong Kong Democratic Commission issued a new research report "Anti -Lobby Revealing: How to Help the Hong Kong Government" of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government for many years. The lobbying activity, and depicts how the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government and its allies manipulate how American politics, media and civic society are manipulated. According to a survey by the Hong Kong Democratic Commission, the Hong Kong SAR Government has used the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office and the less known Hong Kong Trade Development Agency to play political influence in the United States. In 1,000 activities, it cost up to $ 35 million, trying to buy and affect American politicians. Not long ago, the Senator from the United States Senate re -proposed a bill a few days ago demanding that the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office controlled by the Chinese government controlled by the Chinese government. The report from the Hong Kong Democratic Commission called on the US government and civil organizations to take strong measures, including through the above bills to crack down on publicity activities by the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government and the Chinese government forces behind them. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-07052023145600.html 
China delays the trip of EU diplomatic representatives to China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T15:04:01-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:04:01-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 EU Foreign and Security Policy Senior Representative Boreli ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-05T15-04-01-04-00/000001.png) A spokesperson for the high -level representative of the EU Foreign and Security Policy Berry, a Reuters picture, has recently confirmed that China has delayed Berrey's visits to China next week. According to the Voice of Germany, the spokesman did not disclose the reason why the Chinese side canceled the itinerary. At present, the European Union is trying to reduce the risk of economic relations between the two countries. Brussels defines China as "institutional opponents of competitors". The EU ambassador to China, Jorgetoledo, announced at the "World Peace Forum" event held on the 2nd that the EU Foreign and Security Policy Senior Advisor Berrely plans to visit Beijing on the 10th. "Strategic issue". At the routine press conference held by Chinese Foreign Ministry, Wang Wenbin, at the regular press conference held in Beijing on Wednesday, there was no question about the reason for the reasons for the delayed itinerary. He said that China attaches great importance to China -Europe relations and is welcome to visit China as soon as possible when both parties are convenient. Berrely has been in China for the second time this year. In April this year, he temporarily canceled his visit to China for infection. In a speech he prepared for the visit, he said that if China cannot seek peace for Ukraine, the European Union will not trust China. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-07052023145155.html 
At least 15 people in Chongqing broke out in many places in China. 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T15:07:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:09:05-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Search and rescue personnel rescued residents besieged by floods on the streets of Wanzhou District, Chongqing. CNSPHOTO VIA Reuters, Chongqing No. 3 and 4, was attacked by heavy rain, causing 36 towns and towns to be affected, causing at least 15 people to be killed, 4 people disappeared, and the affected population reached more than 37,000. Xinhua News Agency reported on Tuesday evening that Xi Jinping made work instructions on flood prevention disaster relief, saying that the country is about to enter the critical period of flood prevention in seven or eight, and require governments at all levels to do a good job of disaster prevention and rescue and disaster relief. According to the French Broadcasting Corporation, other parts of China also face heavy rain floods to varying degrees. In Sichuan Province, more than 460,000 people were disaster to varying degrees. Tens of thousands of people were shifted to tens of thousands of people in Hunan. According to Xinhua News Agency, on June 30, western Hunan suffered a heavy rainstorm, and the rainfall was the highest since 1980. The local government announced on the 2nd that two thousand people's homes were damaged. Shaanxi, located in the northwest, has also recently occurred. Starting from July 1, heavy rain appeared in multiple regions, and more than 80 highways in Hanzhong were damaged and interrupted. Local media reports said that the disaster was seriously not encountered in the past 50 years. At the same time, northern China has faced high -temperature heat waves in many places. The temperature at the end of June at the end of June in Beijing and nearby was as high as 41 degrees Celsius, setting the highest value since the meteorological record in 1961. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-07052023144952.html 
Chinese economic data cannot reflect real scholars: to satisfy political interests 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T15:12:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:56:42-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On July 5, 2023, the Washington Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center in the United States held a seminar to discuss the credibility of Chinese economic data. Video Screenshot/CSIS official website(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-07052023093337.html/@@stream)In the past three years, China's rigorous new championship control policy has hit the economy. After the termination of the control policy, the outside world expects that China's economy can recover, but so far, it has not yet improved. At the same time, U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen is about to visit China, and the outside world is also concerned about the official economic data released by China. Can it reflect the actual situation of the Chinese market? On Wednesday, the American academic community discussed the credibility of China's official data.
U.S. Treasury Secretary's visit to China to release restrictions on the export of semiconductor materials Meiji Magazine to promote economic and trade cooperation, China hopes to withdraw tariffs on the United States China from January to April to Russia has increased by more than 40 % of exports to the United States 
Recently, this station tracked Report The phenomenon of China's "35 -year -old spell", the "35 -year -old curse" means that when Chinese companies are recruiting workers, they usually only restrict recruitment of new people under 35 years old. The 35 -year -old youth work is unstable, and it is difficult to get married and have children. It is generally analyzed that the emergence of the "35 -year -old curse" is highly related to China ’s economic downturn. Because there are not so many jobs in the workplace, which leads to the oversupply of the labor market, enterprises can have more requirements for the age of the candidate.
Scholars: The credibility of China's economic data is worse than other developing countries 
At the same time, the outside world is concerned, can the economic data released by the Chinese government really reflect China's economic situation? On Wednesday, on the eve of US Treasury Secretary Yellen, the Washington Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center (CSIS) in the United States held a seminar, and the participating scholars discussed the trustworthy level of Chinese economic data. SCOTKENEDY, a senior adviser to Strategic and International Research Center, said at the meeting that China's economic data generally cannot reflect the specific economic conditions.
"China is a large country, China's economy is very complicated, and the economic growth data often has political significance. These reasons have caused the China National Bureau of Statistics to be unable to produce real data. This is also a scholar suspect that Chinese data can The reason for the reliability ... ... Another factors that the outside world suspects that Chinese data is that local governments often falsely report economic data, so if you sum up the economic data of all provinces, you will find that this is a huge difference compared with the overall data of China, showing a huge difference in China. ","
Gan Side also pointed out that he visited many scholars, and most scholars suspected the credibility of Chinese official data: "(Some scholars said) No one trusts China's official data, whether it is China's GDP value, or China's GDP growth volume Both data is not worthy of trust. Some scholars told me that China's GDP data is very unwilling, it is just a political data. Some scholars say that the credibility of Chinese official data is worse than other developing countries. Chinese data is not even comparable to Russia or Pakistan. "
Gan Side, a senior adviser to Washington Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center, said at the seminar that China's economic data generally cannot reflect the specific economic conditions. (Video screenshot/csis official website) Scholars: China adjusts economic data during the epidemic to achieve political interests 
Gan Side analyzed that although the ability of the National Statistics Bureau of China has made great progress in the past 10 years, in order to achieve political purposes, the final data presented by the State Bureau of Statistics will still be different from reality: "Especially during the new crown epidemic, during the new crown epidemic, during the new crown epidemic, during the new crown epidemic, Since 2020, the Chinese government has a lot of incentives to hide specific data. During this period, there are fewer data that scholars can obtain. Everyone is worried that the data of 21 years and 22 years will be greatly falsely reported, especially investment data and housing market statistics. ","
Gan Side pointed out that the overall problem of Chinese economic data is not just the economic situation of the high newspaper. In fact, the Chinese government often tends to make the economic trend look smooth. The government will build economic values.Daniel H. Rosen, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategy and International Research Center, emphasized at the meeting that the importance of China's real economic data for commercial investment.
Rong Danie pointed out that China's economy has continued to grow in the past 30 years, so companies do not need to pay too much attention to specific economic trends, as long as they continue to invest. However, China's economic performance is no longer in the past, so companies need to pay close attention to China's specific economic performance: "China's economic growth has stagnated, and some industries even have negative growth, so we can no longer assume whether the Chinese economy will expand. Then continue to invest in. This approach may be effective in the past, but from now on, companies will not be able to do so. "
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Editor: 梒 梒 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-07052023093337.html 
Zoko visited Papua New Guinea to focus on border and trade topics 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T15:21
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:21
Description: Indonesia President Zoko has become the latest national leader visiting Papua New Guinea. This Pacific island country, which is located in a strategic position, is now one of the consequences of the influence of great powers. Reuters reports that Papua New Guinea has a population of 9 million, although the resources are abundant ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['印度尼西亚', '巴布亚新几内亚', '佐科', '贸易']
Indonesia President Zoko has become the latest national leader visiting Papua New Guinea. This Pacific island country, which is located in a strategic position, is now one of the consequences of the influence of great powers.
Reuters reports that Papua New Guinea has a population of 9 million. Although its resources are rich, the economy is generally not developed.
Zoko held bilateral talks with Mallape, the Port Prime Minister of Pakistan, to the Port of Pakistan, Pakistan, on Wednesday (July 5). Border and trade are the main discussions issues of the two.
 Indonesia and Pakistani leaders held bilateral talks at the port of Mozby on the 5th to focus on border and trade issues. (Agence France -Presse)
A basic border agreement reached by the two countries was put on hold by the Pakistani Council for 10 years, and the Pakistani New Parliament was approved in March this year. Malape said before that he hoped to promote business connections and air travel between Indonesia and Pakistan.
Papua and Indonesia have a common border of 760 kilometers. Relations between the two countries have become complicated because of Melanesian in Papa, Indonesia.
In May of this year, Indian Prime Minister Modi and US Secretary of State Brosky visited the port of Moldby, and Brinken met with more than a dozen Pacific island leaders in Pakistan.
China is the main trading partner of Pakistan, and Broskere signed a defense cooperation agreement with Pakistan during the visit to allow the U.S. military to use the Pakistani Port and airports.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410961 
Column | China Perspective: Don't forget to Hong Kong 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T15:51:05-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:51:05-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In April 2022, the "National Security Education Day" of the year in Hong Kong, Victoria Harbor was posted on a patriotic publicity billboard. Agence France -Presse information picture
Moderator: Chen Kuide 
Talkman: Mr. Cheng Xiang , former senior media person in Hong Kong, Independent scholar 
1. Background 
What we want to review and discuss today is that in Hong Kong, the implementation of the National Security Law of the Hong Kong District three years in Hong Kong. She used to be one of the free ports and financial centers in the world, and was a great city of freedom, rule of law, civilization, and prosperity, especially in 1949, 1962 and 1978. How does it fall in the "National Security Law" for three years.
Three years ago, on June 30, 2020, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress in Beijing passed the "Hong Kong National Security Law" in the applause and announced that the law was implemented in Hong Kong today.
From that day, Hong Kong, the Oriental Pearl in this world, Liberty Port, the third largest financial center in the world, quickly dimmed and entered the darkest period of its port for nearly 180 years.
Since then, the "one country, two systems" has disappeared, "Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong" has become a empty story, "highly autonomous" has become "Beijing control", and the "Basic Law" has become a piece of empty text.
2. Hong Kong was a fortress that promoted the progress of civilization in mainland China **
Three, "National Security Law" destroys and even destroys the rule of law and judicial independence of Hong Kong 
rule of law and judicial independence: apprenticeship has its name 
The full text of the "National Security Law of the Port District" is publicly public after the implementation of the bill. This black box operation habit of the Communist Party of China cannot get rid of the secret underground party even after 70 years of power. The law covers extremely wide and severe punishment. The content includes crimes such as splitting the state, subverting the state power, organizing the implementation of terrorist activities and colluding with foreign forces.
Under the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District", Hong Kong's judicial independence is damaged. The Hong Kong authorities have designated a number of judges according to the National Security Law, including judge Chen Guangchi, referee Su Huide, and judge Lin Wenhan. It is "virtual name". Analysis of Meimei and Taiwan scholars pointed out that there is no possibility of sanctioning judges. (On the first day of the "Hong Kong National Security Law", a 23 -year -old young man drove an iron cyclone with the banner of "Restoration of the Revolution of Hong Kong Times" and was accused of hurting three police officers as the first defendant of the National Security Law. , This case will not have a jury to break the jury system since the use of Hong Kong for 176 years. The incident allows the outside world to pay attention to it again. Under the "Hong Kong National Security Law", the judicial procedures and systems that Hong Kong consistently followed up have suffered a huge impact, and even even It becomes exactly the same as China.) The United States "US -China Economic and Security Review Committee" (USCC) reflects the "distrust of Hong Kong's rule of law" in its annual report, which will attract attention from foreign companies and seriously weaken Hong Kong's business position.
Recently, the Hong Kong Government has even reduced the election seats in the district council and revised the "Legal practitioners' regulations". Overseas lawyers who require the qualifications of local comprehensive practice must apply in advance and get the chief approval before they are qualified to participate in national security related cases, and the chief executives, and the chief executives The right to change the decision at any time.
The Hong Kong National Security Law was implemented for 3 years, and an anonymous research team formed by Hong Kong actors released recently: "After the National Security Law: Research Report on the Research on the Illegal Law Review of Law/illegal Law". The report proposes a clear analysis framework to explain how the review mechanism works.
The first key discovery of the report is that in the era of the post -National Security Law, the review mechanism in the post -National Security Law produced a role in three ways, namely "legal methods from the government", "illegal law from the government", and "from the non -governmental government's from the non -governmental government" Illegal method ".
"Legal and methods from the government" means that the Hong Kong government has achieved the purpose of review through legal means. In addition to the implementation of the national security law with great power, the authoritarian laws during the colonial periods such as "incitement", "public security regulations", and at the same time Further to maintain the national security reasons to promote the practice of all aspects. "
Properative persecution is getting intense 
From June 30, 2020 to July 3, 2023, according to Li Guihua, from June 30, 2020 to July 3, 2023, a total of 260 people were arrested at the age of 15 to 90. 161 and 5 companies have been prosecuted, of which 79 have been convicted or waited for sentence. These cases that endanger the Guoan Law should be tried by a judge designated by the Chief Executive. In special circumstances such as national security facing major reality threats, the central government's maintenance of the National Security Agency in Hong Kong has the right to intervene in the investigation, and the case may be submitted to the mainland court for trial.
_ Hong Kong has now lost completely
On July 3, 2023, the terrorist black hands of the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District" reached overseas. The Hong Kong Police National Security Department wanted eight people. And Luo Guancong, and the reward of HK $ 1 million in rewards provided by relevant persons or cases.
The "four crimes" listed in the "National Security Law", the extensive range of its scope, is dazzling:
The "National Security Law" lists out -of -the -territory jurisdiction . Even if anyone is not a permanent resident in Hong Kong, it may be pursued by suspected violation of the National Security Law outside Hong Kong. (On July 3rd, the Hong Kong police accused eight overseas activists committing serious harm to national security, including colluding with foreign countries and inciting split countries, and providing information providing information for their arrested.)
Earlier, the non -governmental initiative of the UK's "Hong Kong Supervision" was warned by the Police State Administration and the Security Bureau to warn suspected of collusion with foreign forces.
In addition to law enforcement of illegal acts, the International Amnesty Organization pointed out that the National Security Law has given the Chinese government and the extensive power of the Hong Kong Government to monitor Hong Kong schools, citizen organizations, media and the Internet.
Last year, one year after the implementation of the National Security Law, the organization issued a statement saying that "the" National Security Law "has accelerated Hong Kong on the road to become a police city within one year, causing local residents to fall into the human rights crisis."
Fourth, "National Security Law" destroy Hong Kong's speech publishing and community assembly freedom 
Where is Liberty Port? _ _ 吧 _
Since the implementation of the National Security Law, the survival space of Hong Kong media has deteriorated, and the international organization "Protection Journalist Committee"(Committee to propetJournalist)The annual report was published, mentioning that after the implementation of the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District", the first time that journalists were imprisoned, including Li Zhiying, the founder of One Media, 6 former "Apple Daily" high -rise, and the host of the D100 program, Jess, etc. Essence
_Teng Hong Kong has been published from the past of the past news books and published to hell that is free of freedom_On the eve of the implementation of the National Security Law on June 30, 2020, many local and independent political parties and organizations have announced their dissolution, including Hong Kong's Zhi Zhi, Student Motivation and New Deal of Youth. Including the former Hong Kong Zhongzhi Party Chairman Luo Guancong, Liang Songheng, the former Youth New Deal convened, and so on.
_ 寒 寒 寒 吧 _
After the implementation of the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District" passed by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress of China, more than 50 Hong Kong civic social organizations were forced to dissolve or stop operation under the pressure of the National Security Law. The branch association, which has been held for more than 30 years, hosted a private human rights line with a 7-1 parade for nearly 20 years, and the Apple Daily, which has long-term anti-government opinions. Some scholars analyzed that after the departure of the Central Movement, Beijing used the National Security Law to conduct a thorough and systematic political cleaning in an attempt to make Hong Kong a dignified society.
In the past, in Hong Kong, organizations can be established to communicate and contact the same nature as foreign countries, or other political organizations or non -political organizations. After the National Security Law, the original legal behavior turned into a 'crime'. The government can accuse you at any time. Naturally, it is difficult for these organizations to continue to operate under the National Security Law. Some of them will even be turned over by the authorities. Under such intimidation, these organizations will only dissolve or stop operation. ‘The crime of adding to add, how do you have nothing to do?“ It ’s not just for these other media, or individual journalists, or their ambitions or claims, all of them are a chilling effect.
The stability and prospects of work in Hong Kong are threatened; it is not just economic problems, not just market problems, but a strong political pressure.
The National Security Law is a generalized prosecution, which is completely different from the freedom of civic society and culture established in Hong Kong society in order to suppress speech and the freedom of civic society rally. It has caused the disintegration of civil society.
This is what a word is gradually caused.
Social consequences 
_ Immigration wave_
Why do so many Hong Kong people immigrate, so many Hong Kong people are afraid? It is the current social environment and political environment that causes that social atmosphere to be very depressed, and it makes people feel more and more lost to Hong Kong society. The sense of fear and insecurity of this kind of life has made it difficult for this government to effectively govern and lead the society. Some important public opinion surveys have clearly reflected this social atmosphere. It has become a natural choice. The tide of immigration is a direct consequence of the National Security Law.
Beijing is not only targeted at the local civic social organizations in Hong Kong. Some international organizations may also be targeted, including the Foreign Press Conference FCC. After the implementation of the National Security Law, a work visa of a foreign journalist will not be renewed. It is also announced to withdraw from Hong Kong. The National Security Law will inevitably affect Hong Kong's international status.
5. Inside and outside Hong Kong, the struggle in the past three years 
_ _ _ 吧 _
Dozens of rights groups around the world issued an open letter to the United States President Biden on July 1 this year. The US government is considering giving the US Governor of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Li Jiachao, and allowing him to attend the Asia -Pacific economy held in San Francisco in November Cooperative organization(APEC)The report of the meeting expressed serious concerns.
Hong Kong Observation, Human Rights Observation, and Chinese Human Rights Defenders, including 53 rights organizations around the world, jointly issued an open letter to the US President Biden. Li Jiachao will not be allowed to attend the APEC summit. "
The open letter pointed out: In the past four years, Li Jiachao has been the main planner who has severely suppressed politics and the freedom of politics and citizens, and destroying Hong Kong's autonomy. During the Hong Kong Democratic Movement in 2019, Li Jiachao served as the director of the Hong Kong Security Bureau. He overemphasized the large -scale protests through force through the police and arrested more than 10,000 citizens. In 2020, the United States thus imposed sanctions on Li Jiachao.
The open letter also pointed out that since Li Jiachao was appointed as the Chief Executive in May 2022, he led a substantial restriction on remarks, associations and assembly freedom of Hong Kong, and had a ruthless attack on the rule of law, and the effective abolition of political participation. More than 1,500 Famous political prisoners suffering in Hong Kong prison . This number continues to rise, and the Hong Kong government's systematic strike continues. In this context, exemptional sanctions allow Li Jiachao to enter the United States to send a completely wrong signal, that is, infringement of human rights behavior will not have lasting consequences.
The open letter calls on the Bayeng government to reiterate its commitment to human rights and democratic values at this critical moment. "We expect you to do the right thing."
Indee called Beijing to abolish the National Security Law 
The British Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a Hong Kong report every 6 months to Congress in late May this year, calling on Beijing and the Hong Kong Government to implement the suggestion of the UN Human Rights Council in July to abolish the National Security Law.
After Hong Kong sovereignty was transferred to China on July 1, 1997, the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a report to Congress every 6 months to explain the implementation of the "Sino -British Statement" in Hong Kong.
The report released today covers from July 1st to December 31st, 2022. Foreign Minister JamesCleverly mentioned that China continues to abide by the "Sino -British Joint Statement", and Britain will continue to firmly require China to comply with the statement and other China's voluntary international obligations.
Hong Hong Kong people's soft confrontation 
July 1 this year is the 26th anniversary of Hong Kong's sovereignty transfer. The Chief Executive Li Jiachao said at the 26th anniversary of the establishment of the SAR: It is necessary to be alert to Hong Kong's "soft confrontation".
As we all know, the Democrats of Hong Kong will be held on the "July 1st" on the "July 1st" in the past years, and the starting point is Victoria Park. The popularity of the epidemic interrupted this activity, and the first "July 1" after the abolition of the epidemic prevention restrictions was held for three days before and after the epidemic prevention restrictions. Essence
The Hong Kong Socialist Link to organize the "July 1st" demonstration.
Hang people in exile to countries around the world lift the banner of the revolutionary revolution 
Hong Kong people who were exiled abroad due to the National Security Law continued the spirit of the Revolution of the Hong Kong Times. In the United Kingdom, Taiwan, the United States, Europe, Australia, Japan ... The national government and parliament support Hong Kong people to fight against Beijing's suppression, which has aroused sympathy, understanding and support of countries around the world.
6. The lifestyle of Hong Kong 180 has been destroyed by the years? 
How can the CCP completely destroy a Freeton city in just 26 years of taking over Hong Kong? What is the lesson of history?
Since the opening of Hong Kong in 1843, the current Hong Kong is the most terrifying and dark period in its history. It seems that the rule of law, freedom and prosperity that Hong Kong people have always owned will disappear forever, and it is gone.
However, will this kind of terror and darkness beyond imagination really continue for generations?
Thinking of the Japanese occupation period in Hong Kong's history, the Hong Kong June 7 riots during the Chinese Cultural Revolution ... At that time, it was also the dark clouds that the city was destroyed and unbearable ,,,,,,,,. However, in the end, Hong Kong people came up.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zhongguotoushi/panel-07052023143943.html 
The storm "Polly" hit two women in the Netherlands and died 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T16:19
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T22:43
Description: The Netherlands has suffered strong winds, which has died. Dutch aviation and railway transportation was seriously affected, and the authorities issued the highest -level storm warnings to most parts of the country. Reuters reported that on Wednesday (July 5) on the Dutch coast (July 5), it was attacked by Poly, and ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['风暴', '天气', '荷兰', '阿姆斯特丹']
The Netherlands has suffered strong winds, which has died. Dutch aviation and railway transportation was seriously affected, and the authorities issued the highest -level storm warnings to most parts of the country.
Reuters reported that the Dutch Coast was attacked by Poly on Wednesday (July 5), with a maximum speed of 120 kilometers per hour. The National Meteorological Administration issued a "red" storm warning to most parts of the country.
The Dutch police said that in Haarlem, a big tree hit a 59 -year -old woman's car, causing the woman to die; a 64 -year -old woman near the border was smashed by a tree. die.
Schipholairport, one of the busiest hubs in Europe, canceled 400 flights on the same day. It is expected that aviation traffic control will continue at least until 3 pm local time on Wednesday (Singapore time at 9 pm).
The authorities sent mobile phone alerts to residents of NOORD-HOLLAND, where the capital Amsterdam, to urge people to stay indoors.
According to the Dutch Times, the Dutch National Railway Corporation said on Wednesday morning that the storm was unexpectedly strong, so the company decided to cancel all train flights in northern Netherlands.
A highway in northern Amsterdam was also closed due to the collapse of trees. Local media AT5 reported that two men in Amsterdam were injured due to vehicles being hit by a tree.
It is reported that "Polly" has been the most violent storm in the Netherlands since 2018. It is expected that strong wind will gradually move from the north to the east on Wednesday morning and will weaken the afternoon of the same day.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410979 
China's first -generation migrant workers have no money for care for the elderly survey report, which was blocked 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T16:23:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T16:25:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Migrant workers sit outside the construction site of China Railway Construction Co., Ltd. for lunch. Photo on March 20, 2019. Photo: RFA recently published an investigation report on the fate of the first generation of migrant workers' work "Thirty Years of Workers", which was reposted a lot by netizens, but was continuously blocked at the same time. This article tells that 30 years after working in the first generation of migrant workers in the city, the monthly pension was only RMB 100 and 200. It was unable to retire with a pain. "Thirty Years of Workers" is a study based on the associate professor of Anhui Normal University, Qiu Fengxian, and was published by the new media "Positive Connection". After the article was removed, some netizens replicated or changed their title to other other topics to other other. Platform, but many articles are still removed. The so -called first -generation migrant workers were roughly born before the 1970s. In the mid -1980s and the early 1990s, they worked in the city from rural areas with a scale of about 86 million people. The questionnaires and 200 people learned how they lived in their lives. As a result, 60 % of them said that on the issue of retirement, they said that they could only do it. The article said that most of the first -generation migrant workers could not care about their old age when they were young. They could only use their salary for the present. In 2009, the pension policy was announced. 35 % of them did not understand or believe this policy, so they did not participate in the insurance. Essence After they are 60 years old, they can only receive basic pensions, only more than 100 yuan per month. For the future, in order to repay the debt caused by their son's marriage, they do not intend to retire. Three -quarters of people said they would continue to work in the city after the age of 60. However, in the past two years, migrant workers over the age of 60 have been prohibited from entering the construction site, so they can only do greening, cleaning, warehousing management and other work, and their salary is less than one -third of the construction site. The first generation of migrant workers did not work hard, but the investigation found that efforts could not change their destiny. Qiu Fengxian said that this is a problem of the times. It is deeply influenced by social rejection policies, far from individuals who can decide. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-07052023161411.html 
Rubio's tweet: The Hong Kong Government wanted eight people in exile, showing that the Communist Party's fear of truth 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T16:24:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T16:25:29-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The US Congress Senate Marco Rubio issued a post on the morning of the 5th that the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government once again upgraded the sound and suppression of exile democrats. Senator Marco Rubio Twitter Screenshot has arrested the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government on the Eight Democrats of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region a few days ago. Sound and suppression. According to tweet, the Hong Kong Government's huge rewards and wanted orders for these democratic activities proved the fear of the truth about facts of the Chinese Communist Party. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-07052023162052.html 
French riots cool down, the number of arrested people is greatly reduced 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T16:47
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T16:47
Description: After eight days of riots caused by the death of the North African -American teenager by the police, the situation has been greatly cooled. The authorities arrested only 16 in the riots at night on Tuesday (July 4). Agence France -Presse quoted the French Ministry of Political Affairs reported that as of Wednesday (5th), the police in the country ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['法国', '骚乱', '马克龙', '援助']
Ri riots caused by the death of North African -American teenagers were shot by the police After eight days, the situation has been significantly cooled. The authorities arrested only 16 people in the riots at night on Tuesday (July 4).
Agence France -Presse quoted the French Ministry of the Internal Council report that as of Wednesday (5th), the police arrested a total of 16 people across the country, of which seven were arrested in Paris and nearby regions. At the peak of riots last weekend, Police arrested 1,300 people overnight Essence
The Ministry of the Interior said that the riots on Tuesday night caused eight buildings to be destroyed, 202 trash bins and other street infrastructure were burned, and 159 cars were burned. In addition, the four police officers were attacked, but no one was injured.
President Macron met with officials affected by riots on Tuesday. He said at the meeting that the "peak period" of the riots for several days has passed, but it still needs to be cautious in the next few weeks.
He shows that the government will accelerate the reconstruction of riots, especially the destroyed buildings, street facilities and public transport facilities. He also promised to provide financial assistance to the affected cities.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1410983 
Lai Qingde said that if he was elected, he would continue to improve Taiwan’s scareing power to talk to Beijing under the condition that there were no prerequisites. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T17:10:50+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 09:11:42Z
Description: Lai Qingde, Vice President of Taiwan and President of the DPP, voted for the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday (July 6), emphasizing that if he was elected, he would continue to increase Taiwan's scare power and forced Beijing to use the cost of force to increase; on the other hand, he was also willing to be on There is no prerequisite to start a dialogue with the other side.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/dpp-presidential-candidate-pledges-peace-if-elected-20230705/7167699.html 
The South Korean military claims that the satellite that failed in North Korea has not been used in military purposes 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T17:22:12+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 09:22:12Z
Description: North Korea's launch of military reconnaissance satellites failed to fall into the sea at the end of May. The analysis of satellite wreckage released by the South Korean military on Wednesday (July 5) showed that satellite design was rough and did not have any military use at all.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['朝鲜半岛局势', '亚太', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/seoul-says-north-korea-failed-satellite-had-no-military-utility-20230705/7167704.html 
"Asia Pacific Report" July 5, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T17:25:07-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T17:25:07-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Free Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/YP-07052023093820.html/@stream The main content of this show:
1 . Police -civilian conflicts occurred in a community in Shanghai, and many people were injured and arrested
2 . The Ministry of Public Security of China lists the top ten rumors, most of which are social events
3 . Niu Tengyu, who was sentenced to seriously sentenced to the "Vulgar Wiki Foundation", became intimidated in prison.
5 . Some scholars analyze that Xi Jinping attended the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Conference, which is intended to create a "two -point version of Warsaw Treaty Organization"
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-07052023093820.html 
rare!German Judge Minister of Justice in Berlin meets Taiwan's Minister of Legal Affairs 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T17:34:55+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 09:34:55Z
Description: The German Department of Justice said that German Judicial Minister Marco Buschmann welcomes Taiwan's Minister of Legalist Cai Qingxiang to visit Berlin on Tuesday (July 4), and added that this visit was within the framework of the EU's "one China" policy. Do it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '欧洲', '中国', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/germany-taiwan-ministers-meet-in-berlin-on-rare-occasion-20230705/7167707.html 
Germany will welcome high temperature weekend industries to face challenges 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T18:01
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T18:01
Description: Most of Germany and the Alps are expected to encounter heat waves this weekend, while lowering the water level of the Rhine, it has pushed Germany's demand for energy. Bloomberg reports that Maxar Technologies, American Space Technology Corporation, said Frankfurt's gas ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['德国', '高温', '天气']
Most of Germany and the Alps are expected to encounter heat waves this weekend, while lowering the water level of the Rhine, it has pushed Germany's demand for energy.
Bloomberg reported that MaxartEchnology, American Space Technology Corporation, said that Frankfurt's temperature will reach the peak of 35 degrees Celsius on Sunday (July 9), which is nearly 7 degrees Celsius higher than the normal temperature; the temperature next week will still be Higher than the average temperature.
Deutscher Wetterdienst warned that local nights may be like tropical.
In addition, high temperatures will also appear in some parts of the Netherlands and southwestern Spain, and British temperature will remain cooler than usual next week.
High -temperature weather has brought new challenges to the industry in Germany. Extreme weather will lead to a significant fluctuation of power and natural gas prices, and it will also affect the transportation of petroleum products and other products along the Rhine coast. Due to the decline in the water level, the transportation capacity of the Rhine has now dropped to about half of the normal level.
Last summer's drought and heat waves led to the dryness of the river in some parts of Europe and induced wildfires, which also put pressure on European infrastructure operations.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411023 
Japan is said to have begun to carry out Fukushima nuclear sewage emissions in August China. China has continued to strongly oppose South Korea to respect the IAEA report 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T18:22:46+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 10:22:46Z
Description: According to the Japanese Economic News on Wednesday (July 5), after being approved by the UN nuclear supervision agency, the Japanese government plans to discharge the Fukushima first nuclear power plant into the sea as soon as August.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '生态环境', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-steps-up-opposition-as-japan-reportedly-to-begin-fukushima-waste-release-next-month-20230705/7167740.html 
Malaysia Six State Election of the Mahua State Party to help the election does not run for election 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T19:11
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T20:20
Description: Malaysia's United Party's National Front (Barisan Nasional) member Mahua and the National Party have announced that they will not participate in the six states elections. This is the first time that MCA and the National University have been elected in the state. MCA Secretary Zhang Shengwen issued a statement on Wednesday (July 5) that the MCA Central Committee ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马国六州选举', '马华公会']
Malaysia United Party's National Front (Barisan Nasional) member Mahua and the National Party have announced that they will not participate in this Six State Elections Essence This is the first time that MCA and the National University have been elected in the state.
MCA Secretary Zhang Shengwen issued a statement on Wednesday (July 5) that after the MCA Central Committee had a meeting, he decided not to run for the six states elections.
He said that after the MCA Central Committee considered and weighing the political situation, he believed that the focus should be placed in the next election. Therefore, in the next few years, we must step up the implementation of party affairs reform and revival in the next few years, and make every effort to prepare for the 16th election.
Zhang Shengwen said that although MCA does not participate in the six states elections, it will still perform the responsibility of the Barisan Nasional member party and help elections for the Barisan Nasional members in the six states elections.
The General Secretary of the National Congress of the National University also issued a statement on Wednesday that the Central Committee of the National Congress of the National University of China decided on June 30 that he would not participate in the six states elections, but it will help the Barisan Nasional candidates. He said that the National University Party did this to strive for time to strengthen the party affairs structure and look at the next national election.
Barisan Nasional Chairman Ahmad Zahi last Tuesday (June 27) assured that the two Barisan Nasional members of the MCA and the National University Party will participate in the six states elections. He said that the Barisan Nasional member party will allocate the constituency according to the chance of winning.
He said: "The National University Party and MCA have elections in the six states to run for elections. Barisan Nasional will get a seat. Each party will receive a campaign seat and a suitable position (constituency), and the chance is high."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411042 
Ke Gong: Kiev pose a great threat to the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T19:40
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T20:35
Description: Russia calls Ukraine that is preparing to provide provocative behaviors to Russia's control of Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, and Russia is taking all measures to respond. Agence France -Presse reported that the Kremlin spokesman Peskov told reporters on Wednesday (July 5) that the situation of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station was very tight, because ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '核电站', '泽连斯基']
Russia calls Ukraine that is preparing to provide provocative behaviors to Russia's control of Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, and Russia is taking all measures to respond.
Agence France -Presse reported that the Kremlin spokesman Peskov told reporters on Wednesday (July 5) that the situation of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station was very tight because "the threat from the destruction from Kiev is really high- (Ukraine) It may be damaged by catastrophe. "
Peskov emphasized that the Russian side has repeatedly stated that it may not rule out any situation.(https://www.zaobao.com/realtime/world/story20230607-1401910)That is to prove and cause terrible consequences.
Peskov said that Russia is taking all measures to deal with the threat that the Zapolo nuclear power plant may suffer.
Ukrainian President Zelei Sky has repeatedly accused Russia's plans to destroy the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station. He said on Tuesday (4th) that the Russian Army's dangerous provocations had been reported to the French President Macron briefing, and said that he and Macron agreed to control the situation with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
According to the China News Agency, Zeleianzki held the Supreme Communist Party to expand the meeting on Wednesday, focusing on discussing the situation of the Wuqian line and strengthening the situation of the northern defense, Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, independent production of ammunition and equipment, as well as later maintenance matters for equipment. Essence He pointed out at the meeting that the current important matters are to protect the nuclear power plant.
The General Staff of Ukraine released news on the same day that the Ukraine intelligence showed that Russia was placed on the top of the housing of the third and fourth -round motor units of Zapolo, a similar explosive device on Tuesday. The General Staff of Wu believes that the detonation of these objects will not damage the devices of the generator set, but it will produce the effect of a shell from the Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411049 
Greek Prime Minister intends to legalize same -sex marriage 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T19:43
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T19:43
Description: Mizttacis, who has just re -elected Greek Prime Minister in the election, plans to legalize same -sex marriage to promote the rights of groups such as homosexuality, bisexual and cross -sex (LGBTQ). Bloomberg reported that Mizetakis said in an interview with Bloomberg TV on Tuesday (July 4), ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['希腊', '人权', '同性婚姻']
Mizttacis, who has just re -elected Greek Prime Minister in the election, plans to legalize same -sex marriage to promote the rights of groups such as homosexuality, bisexual and cross -sex (LGBTQ).
Bloomberg reported that Mizetakis said in an interview with Bloomberg TV on Tuesday (July 4) that same -sex marriage would be legalized in Greece, which is part of the government strategy. He also pointed out that Greek society is more prepared and mature.
Greek law recognized same -sex civil partnerships in 2015 and later recognized gender identity in 2017.
In 2021, Miztakis appointed a committee to draft a national strategy to improve the right to improve LGBTQ, and then launched a series of reforms, including lift the ban on gay gay blood donation.
In addition, the Greek government also announced last year that the "gender normalization surgery" (that is, genital cutting) for bisexual children. After the ban was issued, Greece's legal and policy assessment rankings of ILGA-Europe, the LGBTQ+group rights supervision organization in Europe this year, rose to 57%, rising by five percentage points from the previous year, and have surpassed the United Kingdom and Germany.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411051 
On Wednesday, the U.S. market retreats and focuses on Snap Inc recently 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T20:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T21:03
Description: On Wednesday (July 5th), the key point: The weak Chinese service industry data affects the trading emotions of the US stock market, which has led to a decline in Wednesday (July 5), the main stock index futures of the Wall Street stock market. The focus of investors is the Federal Reserve June meeting released on Wednesday night ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['今晚美市看什么', '美国股市', '美市', '财经即时']
Wednesday (July 5): 
Pre -trading focus: 
 The Wall Street Journal reports that the United States is preparing to restrict Chinese companies using American cloud services. (Figure /pixabay)
 After Snapinc's advertising business is in trouble, the company has been working hard to diversify the source of income. Therefore, the growth figures of Snapchat+are very important for Snap Inc. (Agence France -Presse)
Snap Inc (New York Stock Exchange code: SNAP) 
Snapchat's parent company Snap Inc's recent stock performance has been weak in the past, and the trend is very strong. SNAPINC's stock price rose 1.5 % on Monday (3rd). The closure of US $ 12.02 is the highest closing price since February 7 this year. According to the Dow Jones market data, this is also the eighth consecutive day of the stock, which is the longest continuous upward trend since June 2020.
SNAPINC announced last Thursday (June 29) that its Snapchat+was launched one year later, the number of subscribers has exceeded 4 million. In the third quarter of the end of September 2022, Snapchat+already owned more than 1.5 million booking households. Snapchat+is a paid service that allows users to obtain "exclusive functions"; the monthly booking fee is $ 2.50, or $ 29.99 per year.
Since Apple implemented a privacy reform in 2021, Snapinc's advertising business has been severely challenged. Under the new privacy reform, each platform must solicit iPhone users' consent to track their online activities. In addition, rising market interest rates and concerns about economic prospects have also caused advertisers to gradually reduce expenses since last year.
After Snap Inc's advertising business is in trouble, the company has been working hard to diversify the source of income. Therefore, the growth figures of Snapchat+are very important for Snap Inc.
SNAP Inc is expected to release the performance report in the second quarter of this fiscal year on July 25. Although investors are satisfied with its growth in paid user service business, they also generally hope to see Snapinc in more obvious improvements in advertising, and how Snap Inc will further expand the source of income sources and stimulate income growth. After all, Snapinc's turnover in the first quarter of this year was only 989 million US dollars, which was much inferior to $ 160 million.
Canaccord Genuit analyst, Mariaripps, "holds rating" for the stock, with a target price of only $ 10. In the analysis report of her last Friday (June 30): "Snapinc has a lower consensus on the prediction of the second quarter of the second quarter than the market analyst. It has been completed, but advertisers may need some time to adapt to new solutions. "
On the whole, only five of the 25 analysts of Tipranks were rated "buy" to SNAPINC shares, 19 ratings were given to "holding", and one of them gave "sell" rating. The target price is $ 9.92. In other words, based on the closing market price of $ 12.02 on Monday, these analysts believe that the shares can fall by 17.47 %. It seems that at the next performance report press conference, Snapinc needs to get a better transcript to allow investors to continue to be confident, and this ups and dynamics can continue.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411057 
The Hong Kong People's Lord advocates organizing the announcement of the Hong Kong authorities' political lobbying reports on the United States 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T20:30:49+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 15:31:32Z
Description: The Hong Kong -Non -Government Organization of the Hong Kong Democratic Committee (Hong Kong Democracy Countcil (HKDC), which is located in the U.S. Capital Washington, published a new research report on Wednesday, July 5, on July 5th, East Coast time, called "Anti -Cosmic Secrets : How insiders inside the Washington Political Circle follow the Hong Kong Government ". In addition to revealing the US political lobbying activities funded by the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government in the past ten years, the report also introduced in detail how the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government and their associates attempted to manipulate American politics, media and civil society.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '港澳'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hkdc-report-on-hong-kong-government-lobbying-efforts-in-washington-20230705/7167835.html 
The Black Sea Food Initiative will be extended without a fixed number of the United Nations will continue to consult with Russia 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T20:34
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T20:34
Description: The "Black Sea Grain Export Initiative", which assisted Ukraine during the war, will expire again on July 17th. Russia has not yet decided whether to extend the initiative. UN trade officials plan to go to Moscow to consult with Russia. Comprehensive Agence France -Presse and Reuters reported that the Kremlin ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '粮食', '联合国', '俄罗斯']
The "Black Sea Grain Export Initiative", which assisted Ukraine during the war, will expire again on July 17th. Russia has not yet decided whether to extend the initiative. UN trade officials plan to go to Moscow to consult with Russia.
Comprehensive Agence France -Presse and Reuters reported that the Kremlin spokesman Peskov told reporters on Wednesday (July 5th) that the content of Russia's interests in the initiative has not yet been fulfilled, so Russia has not decided to extend the initiative again.
The "Black Sea Grain Export Initiative" was signed by Russia, Ukraine, Turkey and the United Nations in July last year. The initial period of the initiative was 120 days, and later extended three times, in November last year, March and May this year, respectively.
Russia also signed a parallel agreement with the United Nations, promising that the United Nations will ensure that Russia's grain and chemical products have entered the global market smoothly. However, Russia has repeatedly stated that this part has not been observed.
The Secretary -General of the United Nations Trade Fair, Rebecagrynspan, told the media on Wednesday that the United Nations was very concerned about the prospects of the above two agreements because they were very important for food security and global southern countries. "We need these two protocols to continue to reduce (grain) prices and have a stable food and chemical fertilizer market worldwide."
Grimpan said that the United Nations will do everything possible to ensure that these two agreements are postponed. She has negotiated with the Russian delegation in Geneva and considers to go to Moscow to continue discussing extension with Russian officials within a few days.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411067 
President Biden and Swedish Prime Minister Christone met in the White House 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T20:39:33+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 12:39:33Z
Description: U.S. President Joe Biden will receive Swedish Prime Minister Ulf Kristerson on Wednesday (July 5) in the White House. At the same time, NATO leaders are preparing to hold a summit in Lithuania.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '欧洲']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/biden-swedish-prime-minister-kristersson-to-hold-white-house-talks-20230705/7167763.html 
Israel's large -scale military operations ended 13 deaths 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T21:33
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T21:33
Description: The Israeli army announced on Wednesday (July 5) that it ended on a large -scale military operation on the west bank of the West Bank of Jordan. The operation caused 12 Palestinian and one Israeli soldier to die. Comprehensive foreign news reports, the Israeli military on Monday (3rd) in the early morning of the north bank of the West Bank of Jordan ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['以色列', '巴勒斯坦']
The Israeli army announced on Wednesday (July 5) that it ended on a large -scale military operation on the west bank of the West Bank of Jordan. The operation caused 12 Palestinian and one Israeli soldier to die.
According to a comprehensive foreign news report, the Israeli military launched a raid on Monday (3rd) the early morning of the Jordan River. This is the largest -scale military operation that the Israeli army has launched on the West Coast for many years. Not only did they dispatch hundreds of soldiers, but also launched drone attacks and destroyed the street with military bulldozers.
There are about 18,000 people who live in the Jenning Refugee Camp, which has long been a stronghold including the "Islamic Jihad" and "Hamas" (Hamas ". According to reports, most of Jining was burned or destroyed during this raid, and at least 3,000 residents were displaced.
The Israeli spokesman stated on Tuesday (4th) that this operation was aimed at the local armed organizations of Joning, not the Barlistan national power institution, and did not take the Occupy Jining Refugee Camp.
The army later, in the raid against Joning, the hiding point, thermal arsenal, and an underground well of the arms of the militants were found. The Israeli troops of Israel have demolished Jenning's six burst manufacturing facilities and three war rooms, and collected a large number of weapons. In addition, the Israeli Army has confiscated a large "terrorist fund".
This raid caused 12 Palestinian deaths, and another soldiers killed in the conflict on Tuesday evening on Tuesday evening. The non -governmental organization Defence for ChildrenInins said that the Palestinian who died included a 16 -year -old boy who was killed by the Evinian army on Tuesday.
Israeli has evacuated from Jenning on Tuesday evening.
Since the beginning of this year, Pakistano has intensified. The Palestinians in the Army and Gasha, the west bank of the Jordan River, and Jerusalem clashed and caused a large number of casualties.
According to the data compiled by the official source of the Agencence France -Presse, at least 190 Palestinian, 26 Israelis, a Ukrainian and an Italian were killed this year.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411085 
Goldman Sachs warns that local bonds will drag the banks, and the Lukang stock market has fallen into the bank stocks. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T22:06:51+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 14:06:51Z
Description: The well -known US investment bank Goldman Sachs Group issued a report on Wednesday (July 5) that the local debt risk of major state -owned banks in China was too large, so the rating of these bank stocks was lowered from neutral or buying to selling. This news, together with many other negative news recently released by China, has caused a fierce market shock, which has led to a comprehensive decline in mainland China and the Hong Kong stock market.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-bank-shares-slump-in-hong-kong-after-goldman-downgrades-20230705/7167772.html 
Global temperature breaks for two consecutive days to break the hottest day in history on July 4 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T22:08
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T22:08
Description: According to data released by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (Noaa), the global average temperature broke the record for two consecutive days, and Tuesday (July 4) became the hottest day of history. Agence France -Presse reports that according to the preliminary reading published on Wednesday (5), Star ... Star ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['高温', '厄尔尼诺现象', '天气', '气温']
According to data released by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (Noaa), the global average temperature broke the record for two consecutive days, and Tuesday (July 4) became the hottest day of history.
Agence France -Presse reported that according to the preliminary reading released on Wednesday (5th), on Wednesday (5th), the average daily temperature on the surface of the earth on Tuesday reached 17.18 degrees Celsius, far exceeding the global average temperature record set by Monday.
NOAA just announced on Tuesday that the average temperature measured at a height of 1.5 to 2 meters above the global surface on Monday (3rd) was 17.01 degrees Celsius, which was slightly higher than the highest 16.92 degrees Celsius recorded on July 24, 2022.
Copernicus Climate Changeservice (C3S) confirmed to AFP that on Wednesday, on Wednesday, it was confirmed that Monday was indeed the hottest day, but the C3S could not confirm on Tuesday's Tuesday's on Tuesday. data.
The World Meteorological Organization issued a statement on Tuesday to confirm that the El Niopy phenomenon will appear for the first time in the Pacific tropical region in seven years. Next year, the global temperature may rise further, exceeding the historical average.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411094 
Malaysian cabinet improves airport entry process 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T22:24
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T22:24
Description: Malaysia Minister of the Interior Savin said that the cabinet believes that officials who have recently taken place at Kuala Lumpur International Airport detained tourist incidents showing that the airport may have bribes from groups and even officials, so the cabinet decided to improve the customs clearance process. Saviding on Wednesday (July 5) in the cabinet ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['吉隆坡国际机场', '移民局', '内政部']
Malaysia Minister of the Interior Savin said that the cabinet believes that recently occurred in officials at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport's detention tourist incident It shows that the airport may have bribes to tourists, so the cabinet has decided to improve the customs clearance process.
Savidin held a press conference after the cabinet meeting on Wednesday (July 5th) that the cabinet agreed to set up a service counter, and appointed officials from Chinese, Arabic and Tamili to provide services to tourists in need at any time.
He said that the cabinet also decided to have the right to refuse tourists to enter the country, from the current N29 level to N41 or above. In other words, in the future, only higher -level officials have the right to refuse tourists to enter.
He revealed that the Ministry of Communications began to entrust a private company in 2015 to charge and provide accommodation from foreign passengers who could not enter the country, which made foreign passengers mistakenly believe that the immigration department officials asked for bribes. The Ministry of the Interior has requested the Ministry of Transport to re -study the commission of the private company.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411098 
German Prime Minister: Large -scale investment in chip production in Germany is worthy of welcome 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T22:42
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T22:42
Description: German Prime Minister Tzuz said that he knew that some companies in Germany had a further plan for large -scale investment in chip production, and said it was a popular trend. Reuters reported that Tsumers mentioned on Wednesday (July 5th) at the Federal House of House's lower house.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['德国', '半导体', '芯片', '朔尔茨', '英特尔', '台积电', '特斯拉']
German Prime Minister Tzuz said that he knew that some companies in Germany had a further plan for large -scale investment in chip production, and said it was a popular trend.
Reuters reported that Trees mentioned on Wednesday (July 5) that chip manufacturers Intel and Yingfeeling recently announced their recent investment plans at the Federal House of House, and said he knew other plans for German companies and many other companies. He promised that Germany's efforts will help companies reduce their dependence on semiconductor supply in other regions.
Prior to the above remarks, The Ministry of Commerce of China on Monday (3rd) announced that it would restrict the exit of 镓 and 锗 from next month Essence Germany is the largest importer of these two metals.
Germany had previously stated that it would be less dependent on China. At the meeting on Wednesday, Shuoerz said: "Many people in the world understand that our (economy) must become elastic, and some industries must develop in Europe and Germany."
Tsugs did not agree with the view that Germany was losing attraction in investment, and listed the recent investment activities of some large companies in Germany. Among them, Intel announced in June that it plans to cost more than 30 billion euros (about 44.13 billion yuan) to open two chip manufacturers in Magdeburg, central Germany.
Germany is also discussing plans to build factories in Germany with TSMC (TSMC) and Swedish battery manufacturers. The German authorities have persuaded Tesla to establish the company's first European Gigabit factory in Germany.
Tsubitz said to the Federal House of Federal House of House ofhere: "So many German and international companies choose to expand its semiconductor production in Germany, which is a shocking signal."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411105 
IAEA: Must conduct additional access to Zapolo Nuclear Power Station to confirm that no explosives 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T23:02
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T23:02
Description: The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) calls for additional access to the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station to confirm that the nuclear power plant has no mines or explosives. Agence France -Presse reported that the Director -General of IAEA, Grones, said in a statement on Wednesday (July 5) that the army in the area where the Zaparo nuclear power plant is located ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['核电站', '俄乌战争', '国际原子能机构']
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) calls for additional access to the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station to confirm that the nuclear power plant has no mines or explosives.
Agence France -Presse reported that the Director -General of IAEA, Grones, said in a statement on Wednesday (July 5) that the military situation in the area where the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station is located is becoming increasingly tense, and IAEA experts must be able to verify the local situation.
He pointed out that the independent and objective report of IAEA experts will help clearly show the current situation. Especially in Russia and Ukraine, this is very important to initiate unr certified allegations.
The Zapolo Nuclear Power Station is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe and has six reactors. Russia recently pointed out that the other party plans to carry out provocative behaviors at the nuclear power plant, which has caused people to vigilance about the risk of radioactive disasters in nuclear power plants.
In recent weeks, IAEA's on -site staff inspected several different locations of the nuclear power plant, but so far, there have been no observation of "any obvious signs of landmine or explosives."
However, IAEA reports that staff has been unable to enter the top of the nuclear power plant No. 3 and No. 4 reactors, as well as some turbine halls and cooling systems of the nuclear power plant.
The General Staff of Ukraine said on Wednesday that the Ukraine intelligence showed that Russia was placed on Tuesday (4th) at the top of the shell of the third and fourth -round engine in Zhaparo, a similar explosive device was placed.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411115 
The floods broke out in many places in China, and the heavy rainfall in Chongqing caused 15 people to be killed. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T23:13:22+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 15:15:12Z
Description: Chongqing, Southwest China, has been attacked by rainstorms in the past few days, leading to flood disasters in dozens of towns and township streets, causing major casualties and property losses. In Wanzhou District of Chongqing alone, flood disasters have at least 15 people were killed and 4 disappeared. Chinese President Xi Jinping ordered all localities to do a good job in disaster prevention and make every effort to rescue disaster relief.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '中国'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/rain-kills-15-in-southwest-china-as-xi-urges-better-defences-20230705/7167997.html 
The test confirmed that the white powder found in the West Wing of the White House was cocaine 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T23:44
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T23:46
Description: The West Wing of the White House recently discovered that it was not confession. On Wednesday (July 5), the US Special Service confirmed that the powder was cocaine. The US Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) reported that a spokesman for the US Special Service said that after testing, the white powder found in the evening of the evening of the night (2nd) was cocaine ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['白宫', '可卡因']
The West Wing of the White House recently discovered that it was not confession. On Wednesday (July 5), the US Special Service confirmed that the powder was cocaine.
The US Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) reported that a spokesman for the US Special Service said that after testing, the white powder discovered at night (2nd) at night (2nd) was cocaine. Authorities are still investigating how Katin enters the White House.
The West Wing of the White House connects the administrative residence where the US President Biden lives, and it is also the heart of the White House. The oval office, the cabinet room, the press hall, and the office of the president's staff are located in the area.
The authorities found that the White Palace wing was closed after the white powder. At present, some tourists can visit some areas of the West Wing, and the visit is usually carried out on weekends.
A spokesman for the Special Service Bureau did not want to confirm whether there was a visiting event on the weekend, emphasizing the details of the investigation, and the special service office was inconvenient to intervene.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230705-1411125 
Internet celebrity economy & quot; Zibo barbecue & quot; cooling down local & quot; closing tide & quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T8:07:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:57:26-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Shandong Zibo Barbecue Festival held on May 2, 2023 Agence France-Presse Picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/Jingmao/jw-07052023093916.html/@@stream This year's "May 1st" holiday fire spread throughout the Internet in Zibo barbecue in the whole network. It gradually cools down after two months. The local barbecue shop has recently ushered in the "closure tide". Some scholars believe that supporting the development of the "stall economy" under the trend of China's overall economic downturn is a way out to solve employment and economic problems, but the government requires supporting services instead of strengthening administrative intervention.
Placing stalls become a pitch to save the Chinese economy? * May 1st holiday in Zibo Cheng's tourist hotspot holiday economy can sustain? 
According to the "China News Weekly" report, this year's "May Day" Labor Day holidays, Zibo barbecue heat cooling throughout the network during the holidays of the Labor Day. New renovation, new equipment.
During the "May 1st" period, on Chinese social media, the relevant content of "Zibo Barbecue" was overwhelming, and it also attracted a large number of foreign travelers who were retaliated with retaliated travel at home for a long time. "China News Weekly" quoted Douyin data and found that the "Zibo Barbecue" keyword search volume reached the first peak of 2.4767 million on April 9, breaking the highest peak of 11.0579 million on April 29. But after the holiday, the data gradually fell, and it had fallen to 109,100 on June 30.
A local practitioner in Zibo told China News Weekly that most of the store transfer was due to the bleak business and serious losses. The current low -cost transfer is to stop loss in time before the heat is completely cooled.
The report also pointed out that due to the stability of local customers, the current impact on the original store is not so huge. Only foreign tourists have gradually reduced the popularity of "Zibo barbecue" to the normal state. The barbecue restaurant is heavier.
Shandong Zibo Barbecue Festival (Agence France -Presse), held on May 2, 2023 [Li Hengqing, an economist in the "Institute of Information and Strategy" in American civil institutions, said in an interview with this station that under the trend of China's overall economic downturn, the pursuit of high -end industrial transformation and development cannot quickly boost the economy. Therefore, he believes that supporting small The starting point of the scale of the "stall economy" is understandable.
"Destruction is to adapt to the current level of productivity development and whether the production relationship can be matched. The problem solved is the survival and employment of ordinary people." He analyzed that in the case of the general consumption of Chinese people, the local government used to induce consumption, and to barbecue to barbecue to barbecue to barbecue. The industry has conducted great supporting propaganda, and shaped the Internet celebrity economy with administrative intervention, which does not meet the market laws.
Li Hengqing went on to say, "How can it last? It is not realistic to solve the problem of consumer problems and economic upgrades through the government speculation. It is not realistic, and we must be guided by market demand."
It is reported that when the "Zibo Barbecue" fire spread throughout the network, the local government has formulated a series of preferential policies, including financial institutions with convenient measures such as "Golden Furnace Huixiang Loan" and "Zizi Loan" to promote the barbecue industry. The scale of income continues to increase. According to the company's investigation data, from March 1 to June 18, 694 new barbecue -related companies in Zibo were added. Some experts point out that the expansion of the local barbecue industry has quickly ignored the limited cycle of the Internet celebrity economy, leading to excess supply.
Li Hengqing believes that the development of the stall economy that can drive consumption and employment only requires the government to do a good job of supporting services instead of shaping foam and strengthening intervention.
Xie Tian, a professor at the University of South Carolina University of South Carolina, told this station that the Zibo barbecue industry lacks local supporting services, such as natural and human environmental governance, so that it does not have a competitive advantage, but it cannot continue to develop. It plays its positive role in the overall economy.
He said: "The Chinese economy is now seriously declining and developed in the direction of retreating for 20 years. All the power of all the dividends and all economic growth is gone. It is useless to rely on the stall economy and the street economy."
Wang Xiaoyu, a special expert of the World Tourism City Federation, also told "China News Weekly" that the supply side of the tourism market needs to be improved in two aspects, that is, the continuous improvement of public service levels, and the differentiated creation of tourism products, attractive reshaping, reshaping And continuous optimization to attract the continuous development of the return guests. He said that it was clear that Zibo only did the former.
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: 纬 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/jw-07052023093916.html 
The Philippines condemned China to track harassment of the Philippines to transport logistical supplies vessels 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T00:03:33+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 16:04:56Z
Description: The Philippines condemned China to track and harass two vessels that transported logistical materials for the Philippine Navy on Wednesday (July 5). This is the latest incident that caused tensions in bilateral relations in the sovereign disputes of the two countries in the South China Sea.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['南中国海争端', '亚太', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/philippine-coast-guard-says-china-harassed-obstructed-resupply-mission-ships-in-spratlys-20230705/7167779.html 
Pan Gongsheng will be promoted to the President of Chinese people? Observer: professional but lack of independence and it is difficult to play a role 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (黄丽玲)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T01:05:16+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 17:05:16Z
Description: Pan Gongsheng, the former vice president of the People's Bank of China, was appointed as the party secretary of the bank on July 1, and the media passed on. He was expected to serve as the president and break the practice of the "double head" of the pedestrian. In this regard, observers say that Pan Gongsheng has a financial and foreign exchange major, and the financial and monetary policy under his dominance will be sustainable. However, they question that Pan Gongsheng may not be able to exercise his powers independently under the monopoly power of Chinese President Xi Jinping. Moreover, monetary policies such as China's current economic dilemma and reduction of interest rate cuts or standards are not a good recipe for stimulating the economy.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/observers-question-central-bank-party-boss-pan-gongsheng-s-independence-20230705/7168163.html 
The Hong Kong Police arrested four former Hong Kong members of the Hong Kong Zhizhi as charges in Guoan Fa 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T01:23:12+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 17:23:12Z
Description: The National Security Office of the Hong Kong Police Department arrested four members of the Hong Kong Zhi Zhi who had been dissolved on Wednesday (July 5) with the pretext of suspected violation of the National Security Law. "And" conspiracy to do the actions of incitement ".
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '人权', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hong-kong-police-arrest-4-ex-members-of-defunct-opposition-group-demosisto-for-allegedly-violating-national-security-law-20230705/7168015.html 
Who should I return to the Putin Nuclear threat? Xi Jinping or the United States and Britain and France? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T01:31:07+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 20:36:27Z
Description: Andrii Yermak, director of the Ukrainian President's Office, said on Wednesday (July 5) that China ’s nuclear threat to Russia is“ very important ”.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/top-zelenskiy-adviser-china-s-position-on-russian-nuclear-threat-important-20230705/7167889.html 
Italy wants to retreat to the Belt and Road Initiative, Chinese officials are emerging, and China -Italian relations are facing turns 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (赵楠旭)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T03:51:41+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 19:51:41Z
Description: Since the Italian Prime Minister Meloni came to power, the Italian government has begun to evaluate the withdrawal of the Belt and Road Agreement in China. The Italian Parliament will also discuss whether to withdraw from the agreement. Recently, Chinese officials have attracted great attention from Italian media to the low -key visit of Italy. After the renewal of the Belt and Road Agreement of the European Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the European Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China in May, Liu Jianchao, the Minister of Foreign Liaison of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China at the end of June, led A series of lobby activities meet with Italian politicians and business people.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易', '欧洲']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/italy-and-china-relations-at-the-turning-point-20230705/7168576.html 
The U.S. Navy said that Iran has stopped Iran to seize the tanker in the bay 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T03:53:00+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 21:25:35Z
Description: The U.S. Navy said intervention in the Gulf area on Wednesday prevented Iran from capturing two commercial tankers. This is the latest one of Iran's series of seizing or attacking vessels in a series of localities since 2019.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '中东']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/iran-prevented-from-seizing-ships-20230705/7168519.html 
Makova, who was occupied by Russia by Ukraine 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T04:05:38+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 20:05:38Z
Description: The Ukrainian army stated that a Russian formation was eliminated in the state of Antonzk.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/ukrainian-forces-hit-russia-occupied-makiivka-20230705/7168578.html 
U.S. Secretary of Finance Yellen went to China on April: Call for health and fair economic competition 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T04:52:45+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05 20:52:45Z
Description: US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is scheduled to go to China to meet senior Chinese officials on Thursday (July 6). This is the latest effort to solve the tension between the two countries.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国', '美中关系', '美中贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-treasury-secretary-heads-to-china-20230705/7168608.html 
