世界新闻
World News
2023-06-07
 
English 
The Hong Kong Government applies for the ban on "I wish to return to Hong Kong" to avoid misunderstanding the national anthem 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-06T06:10:00Z
Description: The Hong Kong government applied to the court on Monday that the public was prohibited from spreading "Wish Glory to Hong Kong" on the Internet and other platforms. Hong Kong is an independent country.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['谷歌', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '香港', '中国', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '中共十九大', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['香港', '中国', '国歌', '愿荣光归香港', '义勇军进行曲']
Id: 65834428
"Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" is the iconic song (schematic) of the Hong Kong's anti -repair campaign.
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) The Hong Kong Government Department of Justice applied for a ban to the High Court on Monday (June 5), asking the public to prohibit the public on the Internet such as the Internet such as "willing to return to Hong Kong", and it is intended to block this overall Hong Kong anti -repair repair. The iconic song of the example movement. Now waiting for the court's instructions, the hearing is to be determined. The South China Morning Post states that this is an unprecedented prohibition application.
According to a press release issued by the Hong Kong Government on the 6th, the Department of Justice applied to the court to prohibit 4 "illegal behaviors" related to "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong", including prohibition:
(1) Broadcasting, performances, publishing, publishing, sale, offer, distribution, dissemination, display or copying related songs on the Internet or any other platform medium, including melody and lyrics. In particular, it is advocated to separate Hong Kong from China, intending to incite others to commit crimes of split state, and violate the "Hong Kong National Security Law".
(2) In order to insult the national anthem, violate the "National Anthem Regulations", and cause misunderstanding that "I wish to return to Hong Kong" is the national anthem of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, not the Volunteer Army. National anthem.
(3) Help, lead, promote, incite, assist, and teach others to implement or participate in any first two points listed.
(4) Knowing that it is authorized, permitted or allowed to implement or participate in any first two points of behavior.
The Hong Kong Government stated that "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" has been widely circulated since 2019. The connotation of the lyrics has been ruled by the court. "Heat damage to the SAR", and apply for a prohibited order under consideration.
Government spokesman said that the government has always respected and values the rights and freedom of the guarantee of the Basic Law (including freedom of speech), but freedom of speech is not absolute. "In order to maintain the legitimate purpose of national security, the application is necessary, reasonable and legal, and meet the requirements of the relevant human rights bill." Citizens should not try the law.
The Ming Pao reported that the plaintiff was the director of the Law and the defendant, and the defendant was "anyone engaged in related prohibited behaviors." The enrollment submitted by the Director of the Law Department also attached 32 YouTube videos related to "Wish Glory Back to Hong Kong", including song MV, pure music videos, etc., as well as different languages such as German, and required relevant persons to stop spreading.
After the Hong Kong Government applied for a ban, after the news of the report of "wish to return to Hong Kong" was reported, it immediately triggered public opinion discussion. Below the relevant news of the Lian Deng discussion area in Hong Kong, some people were surprised to leave a message: "The melody is banned (the melody is also banned)"; Will the political scene fall? How much is you abandoned ... "; someone doubts:" Sword refers to Google? "
In recent years, during a number of international or regional sports events, Hong Kong National Anthem played by the organizer is "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" , Not the Chinese national anthem "The Volunteer's March", which has caused many criticisms of the Hong Kong Government. At the end of 2022, Hong Kong Government asked Google to show the correct result when users search for "Hong Kong National Anthem" It is said that Google has the responsibility to remove "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" and set the "Volunteer for the Volunteers", but it was rejected by Google.
Google said at the time that the "no artificial manipulation" network ranked naturally and refused to remove "Wish Glory to Hong Kong".
At present, in Google's search for "Hong Kong National Anthem", the first search result of the top is still "Wish Rongguang Back to Hong Kong", ranking far before the Volunteer Army.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/港府申請禁播《願榮光歸香港》-以免誤認國歌/a-65834428?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Taiwan 2024 Presidential Election: The issue of sexual harassment has become a political storm 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-06T07:56:32.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T07:56:32.000Z
Description: Related real -name accusations began to appear within the DPP first. After that, senior media people accused the Kuomintang's Democratic harassment. Essence
Images: [" _126582918_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['性别', '蔡英文', '性暴力', '政治', '台湾', '女权', '性', '法律', '女人', '就业', '妇女健康']
Type: Article
Taiwan 2024 Presidential Election: The issue of sexual harassment unexpectedly became a political storm 
June 6, 2023![] Image source, getty images
"Don't just forget it, okay? Many things can't be counted like this. If this is the case, people will slowly die and die!" This is a TV that became popular in Taiwan last month. The classic lines in the album "Candidates: Creator" came from an opposition female leader that the party workers of the opposition party told the grassroots party workers that they were willing to appeal with the latter in an interior party to encounter sexual harassment. 
After the film was broadcast on the international streaming platform, it became popular in Taiwan. At that time, the major political party staff members, including Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen and the DPP presidential candidate Lai Qingde, all mentioned the success of the film production.
However, no one thought at the time that this set of popular albums of the DPP's political aids as screenwriters predicted the "sexual harassment" of Taiwan's political (including parties) to accuse the tsunami strike.
Related real -name accusations began to appear within the DPP. After that, senior media people accused the Kuomintang's Democratic harassment. The issue of sexual harassment became an unexpected storm shortly after the presidential election of Taiwan's presidential election.
However, the dispute has also been extended to the academic and literary circles. In the past few days, the accused, including the "June 4th" democratic movement Wang Dan, who is a guest assistant professor at Tsinghua University, Taiwan, and Beiling, an exile writer who visited Taiwan in Taiwan. But both have denied the relevant allegations.
Other cases include associate professors of Taiwan Chung Kyoga University, professor at the National Taiwan University Hospital, President of the People's Party, Ke Wenzhe, a former courage, Kuomintang think tank scholar, documentary director and senior local newspaper senior management.
Most of these charges have denied relevant allegations and claimed to be willing to clarify judicial channels. BBC Chinese cannot independently verify related allegations.
["I was sexually harassed, but the subway staff gave me a leaflet"]](https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-59516735) Xianzi Loch Zhu Jun's sexual harassment case "insufficient evidence" was rejected, and the plaintiff will appeal Lin Yihan's first anniversary "Fang Siqi" changed the world? * Governor of New York, Governor of the United States, was charged with sexual harassment: The independent investigation report was released on Biden to appeal to resign ### "sexual harassment" charges storm
Image source, AFP/Getty Images
Image adding text,
Taipei MRT.
Last week, Chen Yan, a grass -roots party worker who worked as a DPP of the Taiwan Democratic Progressive Party, accused the real -name "Facebook". When he worked in a election campaign last year, he encountered sexual harassment in the workplace. She said that although the Women's Ministry in the party was immediately notified (now the Ministry of Gender Equality), she claimed that the senior female supervisor of women's movement was improperly treated and secondary injuries. She said that after watching the TV series, her mood collapsed again, but she was publicly public, hoping that the party would still reform.
The woman surnamed Chen quickly discussed in Taiwan's politics. The next day, another former party worker named by the Democratic Progressive Party pointed out that he had encountered sexual harassment in the workplace of colleagues in the party. The woman posted a post, but after the report was reported to the supervisor, they encountered the latter despise, and after joining the harm to the harm, they had a problem with the mental health and then left. The woman named Chen also complained that at the time, the witnesses at the scene were rarely reached out.
After the two articles were issued, the public opinion of Taiwan ’s public opinion was uproar. The DPP faced the storm in the party. Taiwan’ s President Tsai Ing -wen issued an apology. In addition to the apology, the DPP, also known as the DPP will completely reform.
Lai Qingde proposed a three -point innovation plan on Monday (June 5), including the establishment of a direct appeal window, the principles of zero tolerance, and immediately revising the party's rules. Li Yanrong, director of the Democratic Progressive Party, set up an appeal mailbox saying that only she could read the mailbox and encouraged the victims to file a appeal.
The issue of sexual harassment became an unexpected political storm when the Taiwan presidential election officially started in 2024. The focus of public opinion in Taiwan is the first to the DPP -the party has promoted many women's participation in politics and marriage equality. Now how will it completely reform and respond to the outside world, especially the young generation.
Observing the crisis of sexual harassment allegations involved in the Democratic Progressive Party, Li Dingzan, a retired professor of the Sociology Institute of Tsinghua University in Taiwan, posted on Facebook that "the DPP has attaches importance to disadvantaged and a few, which is an important core value of the party." However, in recent years, President Tsai Ing -wen has particularly focused on Guoan and the economy, and the marginalization of core values. Many social, cultural and educational issues, "almost not in the minds of the governors. . The appearance in the Women's Department and the Youth Ministry is even more ironic, which also highlights the changes in the ruling party in recent years. "
Li Dingzan believes that the DPP will return to the original intention of the founding party. "And set off from here, use this incident to make a comprehensive reflection, actively take care of the disadvantaged and a few, and propose a specific policy plan in order to slowly find the lost person's heart. Come."
Frequent transmission of sexual harassment cases in Taiwan 
In fact, in Taiwan's political circle, regardless of the position, frequent cases about sexual harassment or even sexual assault have been criticized, it has always been criticized.
On Tuesday (June 6), the Taipei Court judged that the KMT legislator Chen Xuesheng had a sexual harassment of the DPP legislators Fan Yun, and sentenced to a total of NT $ 80,000 of Fan Nan. The Kuomintang responded that it respects the judicial judgment but will not revoke Chen Xuesheng's qualifications to nominate the next legislature.
According to Taiwan Media At the end of 2021, the current deputy mayor of Taipei City Lin Yihua used to be the legislator in the past. Lin Nan, director of the office, was also suspected of sexual assaulting a woman. Lin Yihua and Lin Nan brought civil compensation for more than 2 million yuan.
The woman named Zhong named Zhong who had accused the sexual harassment in the workplace in the people's party then posted on Facebook When questioning the controversy of the People's Party criticized the DPP's sexual show, the attitude of allegations of allegations of her allegations, Zhong Nu said, "Have you ever thought about my feelings? Why did his party incident coming out the next day?"He said that the Kuomintang may also be reluctant to attack the DPP on this issue, because there were similar cases in the party in the past, and cases that were unwilling to be disclosed may also be. Qiu Qixin said: "Similarly, Ke Wenzhe, chairman of the people and presidential candidates, has been criticized for a long time. This has been criticized for a long time. This may also be captured by the pan -green camp."
sexual harassment incident is difficult to cause? 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Taiwan streets.
Based on Taiwan's Ministry of Health and Welfare last year Statistics It shows that in the past 5 years, the number of sexual harassment appeals in Taiwan has increased year by year. 96%of the victims of sexual harassment are women, and more than 60%of those under 30.
The Taiwan Women's Rights Group also held a press conference on "Make the victims for sexual harassment" on Monday (June 5). They quoted the "Equal Employment Survey of Working Places Employment Employment" from 2017 to 2021 that they quoted data from the "Employment Employment Employment Employment Survey" of the workplace that 70-80 % of the parties who encountered sexual harassment on the workplace chose not to appeal, which became a "silent black number" (refers to The underestimated number).
These groups stated that according to the current relevant regulations of Taiwan, they only mentioned that the employer's "obtaining" was introduced and counsel or medical resources to the victims, but the law did not force the employer to provide substantial assistance or services. Therefore, sexual harassment victims usually can only explore solutions alone, and most people choose to give up appeal or private.
Dai Jingyun, director of the Law Department of the New Knowledge Foundation of Taiwan Women's New Foundation, emphasized at a press conference that the current Taiwan's "Equality Law of Gender Work" will attribute the investigation responsibility for investigation, but if sexual harassment is an employer, it will become players and referees. A large loophole.
In addition, in case of the female party worker named by the Democratic Progressive Party, when the victim is a customer or partner of the employee, such as outsourcing manufacturers, it is difficult for employers to investigate or punish employers in accordance with the law. Dai Jingyun said that the current sexual harassment prevention regulations are complicated, and the public is not only difficult to understand the law, but there are often controversy in legal practice.
Wang Yanhao, CEO of the Taiwan Lixin Foundation, said at the press conference that according to the "Gender Violence Question A questionnaire survey" completed in 2021, 25 % of Taiwanese people will appeal to the work unit when they encounter sexual harassment in the workplace. However, 50 % of them cannot be crossed because of lack of evidence.
The feminist group calls on the Taiwan government to incorporate the care service mechanism of sexual harassment in the workplace as soon as possible into the "Equality Law of Gender Work", so that people who have been sexually harassed in the workplace can receive the assistance of legal consultation, psychological business, and social workers in accordance with the law.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65818510 
The Russian and Ukraine War: The ins and outs of the two armed forces sneaked from Ukraine into Russia 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-06T08:51:26.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T08:51:26.000Z
Description: Russia claims that two troops that have repelled two troops from Ukraine across the border, but who are these sneak attacks?
Images: [" _129839807_7f... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['歐洲', '俄国', '乌克兰']
Type: Article
Russia and Ukraine War: Two ins and outs of the armed forces from Ukraine into Russia 
June 6, 2023![] Image source, Liberty of Russia Legg
Image adding text,
Russia claims that the troops of the Russian Free Legion (personnel in the picture) and the Russian Volunteer Corps were repelled and left the Russian territory.
Russia claims to repel a warrior from the Belgorod region from Ukraine to the Belgorod in a "anti -terrorist operation". 
Russia said that the rebels involved were Ukraine's "destructives", but Ukrainian officials said they were Russian citizens and from the Russian Volunteercorps of two quasi -military organizations and Freedom of Russian Legy. Essence
Military analysts pointed out that the actions of the two groups may be strongly assisted by the Ukrainian armed forces and intelligence departments.
Five directions for possible Ukrainian war in 2023 * Who leaked the secret document of the Ukrainian war in the United States? 
What is the Russian Volunteer Corps? 
The Russian Volunteer Corps (RDK) first appeared in March this year and participated in cross -border attacks on Bryansk, central Russia near the Ukraine border. The legion said 45 people participated.
The organization said that the implementation attack was to encourage the Russians to resist their government.
Unthically reported that the incident involved shootings, casualties, and hostage abductions. RDK said that it has not captured any hostages and has been safely withdrawn to Ukraine.
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Members of the Russian Volunteer Corps in the border town Kojin Carlish Shadow.
RDK's leader claims to be Denis Kapustin, or Denis Nikitin.
He is a Russian nationalist, and the organization also publicly supports the Russian regime of only the Russian nation.
In 2020, an Ukraine investigation website accused him of being associated with the new Nazi organization. Capstine has said in the past that he is a member of the Football Rogue Sports Organization.
RDK accused Putin accused Putin "Bolshevik" (that is, communism), and said that Russia's mainstream opposition forces acted as ride in the Ukrainian war.
However, Dr Marina Miron, a defense researcher at King College of London, said why Russia's extremist nationalist organizations started war to Russia, which is puzzling.
"RDK should be established by Ukraine," she said. "It was a small loose organization in Russia before the war, and there was no armed branch at that time."
A RDK member code -named "Fortuna" told the Ukrainian media last November that the number of people in the organization was 120.
"We are a volunteer organization, not like the Ukrainian national service personnel who are convened through recruitment or contracts," he said.
What is the Russian Free Legion? 
The Russian Liberal Legion (FRL) is also known as the Liberty of RussioGion. It is a very different organization to fight the Russian forces with the Ukrainian army.
It uses the banner of "white-blue-white" and is considered by some people within Russia's opposition to be "Liberty Russia".
Image source, leggliberty.army
It is politically considered to be as extreme as RDK.
On May 22, the legion announced that it had "liberated" the Russian village Keto Card, which was located next to the Ukraine border and located in the southwest of Buerg Rhoder.
"Legion and RDK continue to liberate the Belgore," the legion said.
The organization also stated: "The Russian citizens are safe and the Russian Federation's strong myths have been crushed again."
After that, it posted a video, showing that the balloon with the flag of the organization drifted over Moscow.
Former Russian member Ilyaponamarev is now a Ukrainian citizen. In August 2022, he said on Facebook that they and another organization called the National Republicanarmy ( Signed a declaration together, unanimously agreed to liberate Russia from Putin's rule as a common goal.
A soldier called Caesar and the most famous in the organization said: "No one in the legion was forced to join."
He said that a few members were Russian soldiers who surrendered to join the Ukrainian forces and they chose to go back.
Do these Russian armed men get Ukraine support? 
Andriy Yusov's State Administration of Intelligence said that both organizations were "independently operated in Russia's territory" and Ukraine did not intervene.
Ukraine TV said they were militia and were "Russian volunteers."
However, Dr. Marina Mirang of the King's College of London questioned whether there was no support from the Ukrainian forces, and whether these organizations had the ability to cross the Russian border to launch an attack.
She also questioned why these organizations use Western equipment in the photos, such as Hummer military cars.
"They must rely on external support and information from the Ukrainian intelligence department," Dr. Mirang said.
"However, attacking through the Russian border is in line with the needs of Ukraine and can disperse the attention of the opponent's war in Ukraine, and say that these organizations are responsible for the attack, making it a reason for the past."
Ukrainian political analyst VolodymyRFESENKO said several different quasi -military organizations are working with Ukraine, but they seem to be more public relations and are not practical.
* BBC International Media Supervision Department (BBC Monitoring) reported 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65818362 
Climate change: How did the emission reduction target of your country's commitment completed? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-06T09:16:09.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T09:16:09.000Z
Description: Let's take a look at how the major economies in the world are completed in greenhouse gas emission reduction, and how difficult the next task is?
Images: [" _127933353_co... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['环境', '科学天地', '气候变化']
Type: Article
Climate change: What is the realization of emission reduction targets in your country's commitment to complete 
June 6, 2023![] Every year, countries make commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to reduce the impact of climate change. 
However, global temperatures are still rising.
Just last month, scientists announced that the global average temperature is likely to exceed 1.5 degrees Celsius in the next five years. As temperature rises, more devastating heat waves, mountain fires and floods will occur in the world.
The current question is whether the world can stop at a temperature increase of 1.5C.
On Monday, countries discussed their emission reduction commitments at the Bonn Climate Conference and looked forward to the next UN Climate Conference -the 28th UN Climate Summit (COP28) held in Dubai in November.
Which countries have fulfilled their promises in climating emission reduction to help the world's temperature rising increases within 1.5C? Which countries are not done enough. You can use the following interactive chart to see the performance of these countries.
Your device may not support this visualization effect
Becky Dale, Esme Stallard participated in the report * 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/science-65820291 
Working for one hour a week is considered employment? China's unemployment rate statistics attracted discussion 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-06T10:40:00Z
Description: The urban unemployment rate announced by China's official recently announced by 5.1%, and the youth unemployment rate was 20.4%. Some researchers believe that these two numbers have distortion in statistics.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['中国失业率', '青年失业率', '失业率统计', '王明远']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65837480
(Voice of Germany)) The National Bureau of Statistics of China recently announced that the national urban survey rate of urban survey in April this year was 5.1%, and the unemployment rate of 16-24-year-old youth survey was 20.4%. The WeChat "Eleven Finance Eleven" published an article by Wang Mingyuan, a researcher at the Beijing Reform and Development Research Association, which believes that the overall unemployment rate of 5.1%is obviously different from everyone's actual feelings. He analyzed several causes of unemployment statistics.
First of all, China set the standard of "employment" too low. According to the official webpage of the National Bureau of Statistics of China, it is considered an employment every week. Wang Mingyuan's article pointed out that in the same way, 15 hours in the United States and 20 hours in France. Secondly, the urban unemployment survey cannot count the statistics of migrant workers returning to the countryside due to unemployment.
Third, the social security participation rate of China's flexible employment population is very low, so it is difficult to understand its employment situation through indicators such as unemployment insurance and unemployment registration.
20.4%is also difficult to be representative 
However, Wang Mingyuan's article believes that the unemployment rate at the age of 16-24 is 20.4%. For the entire youth group, this result is not representative. Because at this age, especially 16-20 years old, even if they are not promoted, the labor participation rate is not high, and it is maintained at more than 18%for a long time. Therefore, he selected the age group of 16-40 to define the unemployment rate.
According to his calculation, the Chinese epidemic has three years, and about 15 million graduates have not found a job. At the same time, about 10%of companies have unemployment in employees, of which 16-40 years old are about 25 million. In addition, he quoted Professor Lu Feng of Peking University, at least 23 million agricultural workers returned to his hometown at least 23 million in the past three years, of which about 14 million youths were estimated. In other words, the newly unemployed population has been added about 54 million since the epidemic.
At the same time, some of these unemployed people do not rule out some flexible employment. For example, the number of Didi active drivers in the past three years has increased by more than 1,200 million, and takeaway riders, courier, and distributors have increased by about 8 million. However, it is estimated that half, that is, 25 million-30 million is still unemployed. Therefore, conservatively estimated that the absolutely unemployed population increased by 25 million to 30 million before the epidemic, accounting for about 6.2-7.5%of the total number of labor market labor (402 million) in the age group.
Under the epidemic, Chinese economy is asthmatic 
Rural are not a way of solution 
Wang Mingyuan pointed out that expansion and slowing economic growth will lead to more severe employment problems in the next few years. The solution, he believes that it is not state -owned enterprise or diverted to the countryside -Because the scale of the rural economy is very limited, he is calculated equivalent to 10 Huawei, or 3 PetroChina, 7 semi-semi-Jingdong, so at most can only be placed in one or two million highly educated young people employment Essence
He believes that from the past 10 years, China's employment increment is basically created by the development of the private economy. Therefore, the private economy, especially the digital economy and service industry need to be supported, and youth entrepreneurship should be encouraged.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/每周工作一小时算就业？中国失业率统计引争议/a-65837480?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Under environmental challenges, electric vehicle companies are set to deal with the "Free Version" 
Author: Jon Emont
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-06T11:28:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T11:28:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-06T06:39:00.000Z
Description: In order to manufacture the battery of electric vehicles, the company needs to minimize and refine a large amount of nickel. However, the process of minimizing nickel from underground and refining it into a substance for batteries is particularly unfriendly to the environment.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000923651
Type: Article
In the electric vehicle industry, this dilemma is called "nickel problem(nickel pickle)”。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%8E%AF%E4%BF%9D%E6%8C%91%E6%88%98%E4%B8%8B-%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E8%BD%A6%E4%BC%81%E8%AE%BE%E6%B3%95%E5%BA%94%E5%AF%B9-%E9%95%8D%E9%9A%BE%E9%A2%98-a8fd3db3 
Ukrainian dam collapsed German Prime Minister refers to Russia as behind the scenes 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-06T11:45:00Z
Description: An important dam in southern Ukraine collapsed, and Russia and Ukraine referred to the other party. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that the incident was in line with Russia's model of launching the war, and the United States said it was unable to determine what happened.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: ['乌克兰', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['水电站', '乌克兰', '赫尔松', '俄乌战争', '泽连斯基', '扎波罗热核电站', '克里米亚半岛']
Id: 65838846
The image provided by the Ukrainian President's Office shows that some collapse of the Khahofka Dam in the south of the country will collapse on the 6th
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The dam built by a Soviet period on Tuesday (June 6) built during a Soviet period on the Dnie River was overwhelmed. Ukraine accused the Russian army of bombarding the dam, and the information from Russia contradicts each other. Some people said that the Russian shelling caused damage to the dam, while others said that the dams of the dams for a long time caused damage to the dam.
Reuters reported that German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said in an interview with WestdeutsCherrundfunk on the same day that the damage to the damage of the dam that the dams that Russia continued to be upgraded in Black was also in line with Russian President Vladimirputin. Strategy to attack civilian goals. Scharsez believes that although the incident has risen to a new dimension, it still meets Putin's model of the war.
He added that Germany's support for Ukraine became more important, and Germany was also paying attention to the situation of the Zaparo nuclear power plant.
On the United States, White House spokesman Johnkirby said on the same day that the United States is trying to cooperate with Ukraine to collect information and evaluate relevant reports, but it is still impossible to determine the cause of the incident and behind the scenes. The Russian army illegally occupied and controlled the dam during the explosion. Although the international law prohibits the damage to civilian infrastructure, the United States has not determined whether this is a deliberate behavior.
Cerbone said that the damage of the dam may cause "many people's death", the evacuation of thousands of Ukrainians, and may also have a devastating impact on Ukraine's energy security; Counterattack operations are still too early.
Carthofka dam off the embankment, and many residents in the flooded areas are evacuating
According to Ukrainian official estimates, about 4,200 people are facing flood threats, and floods are expected to reach its peak on the 7th.
Khahofka Dam-This dam is 30 meters high, up to 3.2 kilometers long. It was built in 1956. It is part of the Crimean Peninsula, which was annexed by Russia in Russia in 2014. Most of the water comes from this reservoir. In addition, the cooling water of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, which was also occupied by the Russian army, also came from the reservoir. The water storage capacity of the reservoir is 18 cubic kilometers, which is equivalent to the water storage capacity of Da Salt Lake in Utah, the United States.
what happened? 
The Ukrainian side was damaged by the dam damage. Ukrainian President Zelei Sky said on the social platform "Telegraph" stated: "Russia's terrorism. Russia's destruction of the Khahofka Hydropower Station once again shows the world, and they must drive them out of every inch of Ukraine."
The image provided by the Ukrainian President's Office shows that some collapse of the Khahofka Dam in the south of the country will collapse on the 6th
Extended Reading -Zerrenzki: Ukraine has been prepared for counterattack The headquarters of the South Theater of Ukraine claims: "The Russian occupation forces bombed the Khahofka dam and are currently investigating the damage of the dam damage, the amount of water leakage, the speed of the water flow, and the possible scope of flood recovery areas."
Some Russian -assigned officials claim that the damage of the dyke should be responsible for Ukraine. Hermone's administrative authorities supported by Russia said that Ukraine firmed the dam at 23 pm on Monday night and damaged the sluice. Russia said that the attack on the dams of the Ukraine on Tuesday destroyed some of the dams of the dam.
However, some pro -Russian officials denied the saying that the Ukraine had attacked damage to the dam. Tazpar -Russian official Wladimir Rogow said the damage was caused by the disruption of buildings and excessive water pressure for a long time. The Russian official Tas Club also reported similarly.
The large land of the downstream of the Khahofka Hydropower Station was flooded.
The dyke of the reservoir will affect the local people? 
Floods caused by damaged dams may bring serious consequences to tens of thousands of local residents. At present, both Russia has begun to launch evacuation operations in their respective control areas.
A Russian official said that 14 residents in Hermone were threatened by floods. Ukrainian Prime Minister Shmyhal said that about 80 villages and towns were threatened by floods.
Crimea Peninsula faces "water shortage" 
Governor of Crimea, supported by Russia, said on Tuesday that after the Khahofka Reservoir was damaged, the water level in northern Crimea from the Crimean canal from the Pitabita River to the Crimean Peninsula may decline. The drinking water supply of the Crimean Peninsula rely entirely on the canal. In 2014, after Russia annexed the Crimean Peninsula, Ukrainian once closed the canal, which led to a shortage of fresh water in the Crimean Peninsula.
Nuclear Power Station 
The largest nuclear power plant in Europe - The Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, currently controlled by Russia, also obtains cooling water from the Khahofka Reservoir. The United Nations Atomic Energy Agency released a tweet that they are paying close attention to the development of the situation, but the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station is not facing direct danger.
Russian state -owned nuclear enterprise Rosatom also said on Tuesday that the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station is currently safe.
*#
What are the heavily costs the world to pay the world? 
Death and injury serious 
The UN Human Rights Affairs Office (OhChr) said on July 25 that since the start of the war on February 24, 5,237 civilians were killed and 7035 were injured, although the actual number of casualties should be much higher. Human Rights Higher High School said that most of the dead injuries are victims of explosive weapons, such as artillery, missiles and air strikes. In addition, the CIA estimates that so far, about 15,000 Russian soldiers have been killed in Ukraine, and the number of injuries is three times the number. The department believes that Ukraine's military loss is also very large, but it may be a little smaller than Russia's losses.
*#
What are the heavily costs the world to pay the world? 
Faculty 
What are the heavily costs the world to pay the world? 
High weapon assistance 
Since February 24, the United States has provided about $ 7.6 billion in military assistance to Ukraine, including the long -range rocket system, the anti -tank system, and protective equipment. The second largest aid country is Britain, which has provided £ 2.3 billion in military support. The European Union has agreed to provide 2.5 billion euros of security assistance to Ukraine.
*#
What are the heavily costs the world to pay the world? 
loss of Ukraine 
According to the calculation of Reuters, in addition to the loss of personnel, since Crimean was annexed by Russia in 2014, Ukraine has lost its control of 22%of its original land. The large coastline is occupied by Russia, the economy is paralyzed, and some cities have become ruins under war. According to data from the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF), Ukraine's economy will shrink 45%in 2022. The country's Prime Minister Denysshmyhal said this month that all the reconstruction of the post -war will cost about $ 750 billion in post -war.
*#
What are the heavily costs the world to pay the world? 
loss of Russia 
This war is also expensive to Russia -although Russia has not disclosed fees because it is national secret. In addition to military costs, the West also tried to punish Russia by imposing severe sanctions, including excluding it to SWIFT, the international payment system, which became the greatest impact on the Russian economy since the Soviet Union's disintegration in 1991. The Russian central bank predicts that the US $ 1.8 trillion economy will decline by 4%-6%in 2022, lower than the 8%-10%predicted in April.
*#
What are the heavily costs the world to pay the world? 
Shortage of resources 
The sanctions between Ukraine and the West have led to a sharp rise in chemical fertilizer, wheat, metal and energy prices, which has promoted the brewing food crisis and the wave of inflation that is impacting the global economy. Russia is the world's second largest oil exporter after Saudi Arabia, and it is also the world's largest natural gas, wheat, nitrogen fertilizer and 钯 钯 exporter. European countries tried to reduce their dependence on Russia's oil and natural gas. After the Russia cut off the natural gas pipeline of Beixi 1 in Germany, Europe's natural gas wholesale prices soared. According to Goldman Sachs, if the natural gas pipeline is completely cut off, the euro zone will be recession, and both Germany and Italy will shrink significantly.
*#
What are the heavily costs the world to pay the world? 
The economic outlook is unclear 
The International Monetary Fund now predicts that the world economy will increase by 3.2%this year, lower than 6.1%last year. If the "reasonable" replacement scheme is considered in consideration, including completely cutting off Russia's gas supply to Europe by the end of the year, and further decrease of Russian oil exports by 30%. %, 2%in 2023.
(Reuters, German News Agency)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/乌克兰水坝崩塌-德总理指俄是幕后黑手/a-65838846?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Local fiscal tension Chinese universities have greatly improved tuition fees 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-06T13:47:00Z
Description: For some time, universities in many places in China have greatly improved tuition. Reuters reports that this is affected by the reduction of national higher education budgets and local government tensions, and tuition fees for some universities have risen for the first time in 20 years.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['学费', '中国', '大学', '高校', '财政', '地方政府', '地方财政', '教育部']
Id: 65840005
Many provinces and cities in China have announced the improvement of tuition fees for universities
(Voice of Germany Chinese) is undergoing real estate crisis, economic growth downturn After three years of epidemic prevention and control, the local local government faced fiscal tightening. In this context, the tuition fees of Chinese universities rose. Most of the universities in China are publicly -organized, and it is seriously dependent on national financial funding.
According to a statement issued on Sunday (June 4), Shanghai's East China University of Technology has increased the tuition fees of some major primary science and engineering and sports, reaching 7700 yuan per year, and the tuition fees for liberal arts have increased by 30%.
According to a notice on Monday, the tuition fees of the Science and Technology of Shanghai Institute of Electrical Engineering rose 40%, while the tuition fees of students who maintained management and economy and literature increased by 30%.
On April 17 this year, Shanghai organized a hearing of optimizing the scientific fee formation mechanism for public colleges and universities. From the school year of 2023, the average tuition standard for public colleges and universities will be adjusted from 5,420 yuan per student to 7,215 yuan/ In the academic year, the amplitude amplitude is about 33%.
According to Reuters, after the hearing, Shanghai decided to raise tuition fees for public universities, and the tuition fee has not changed for more than 20 years.
Jilin Province, which is densely populated in Sichuan Province and Northeast China, also decided to increase tuition fees to varying degrees. According to the local government's statement, in Jilin Province, the tuition fees of "subordinates of universities do not exceed 15%, and the national and provincial first -class professional tuition fees can rise and do not exceed 10%." Reuters reports that in Sichuan Province, tuition fees in some disciplines have increased by as much as 41%.
According to the Chinese media reported in early May, Shaanxi Province and Shandong Province also announced the improvement of college tuition in 2022. Anhui, Liaoning, Henan and other provinces issued a notice of increasing tuition fees earlier.
Tuition fees or soaring in international students 
A budget report from the Ministry of Education of China shows that the expected budget expenditure of the Ministry of Education in 2023 has decreased by 3.7%from the previous year to 102.6 billion yuan.
According to a research report led by Liu Jin, a professor at Beijing Institute of Technology, a research team led by senior educational experts also appealed last month to widely improve tuition fees for studying in China. The study recommends that the tuition fees of international students increase from about 20,000 yuan per year to 110,000 yuan per year.
(Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/地方财政紧张-中国大学大幅提高学费/a-65840005?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The German Internal Affairs Minister requested to strengthen the prevention of spy activities from China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-06T14:06:00Z
Description: The German "Business Daily" reported that Chinese officials assigned Chinese visiting scholars to take spy operations on German universities and enterprises to steal professional knowledge and technical tricks. The German Federal Minister of the Interior, Federe, pointed out that China's spy operations are "increasingly dangerous" caused by German economy, industry and scientific research, and must strengthen prevention.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '欧债危机', '汉诺威工业博览会', '欧盟', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '德国', '中国', '留学德国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['间谍', '中国', '客座学者', '德国', '工业', '科研', '知识产权', '经济']
Id: 65840153
The "Business Daily" quoted the German security community as saying that investigators found that China's approach often dispatched doctoral students to participate in the German company projects through scientific cooperation.
(Voice of Germany) NancyFaeser, German Federal Internal Affairs Minister, said in an interview with the Business Daily: "In my opinion, three security points involved in China involved in China rely."
She said, Chinese spy operation The "danger is getting greater" caused by the German economy, industry and scientific research.
"Business Daily" quoted German security industry According to sources, investigators found that Chinese practices often participate in projects in German companies through scientific cooperation. Once a guest scholars obtain a channel to enter the enterprise IT system, they will try to get more information about these projects. For example, in 2020, a Chinese scientist used a spy operation against a medical technology company in northern Germany under the official instruction of Chinese officials. This case is still confidential. Safety people said that this is a typical case of a Chinese guest scholar caused the outflow of professional and technical knowledge in Germany.
More reading: German Interior Minister: Beware of "hybrid threat from China" It is reported that the company cooperates with a university in Germany to develop antibacterial surface technology in different applications. From mid -2015 to May 2016, a doctoral student from China participated in the university research project team to get the opportunity to participate in this project. His interest in new technologies is obviously too high.
The company's new coating technology patent has been registered in China. This also confirmed the company's suspicion of the spy behavior of Chinese scholars' research results.
The article also pointed out that after returning to China, the scholar became a professor at Northwestern University of Technology. Northwestern University of Technology is one of the "National Defense Seven Sons", which has been specially supported by Chinese countries. These schools are at the forefront of military research in the People's Republic of China and have a close relationship with the military.
Ferizer called for strengthening security measures. In order to continue to prevent spy behavior of patents, technical tricks, and innovative knowledge, it is especially important to "ensure that enterprises and research institutions have established a clear risk awareness and strict protection measures."
(Business Daily, Reuters, Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德国内政部长要求加强防范来自中国的间谍活动/a-65840153?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Japan, Australia, and the United States jointly invested and expanded the Pacific submarine cable 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-06T14:31:00Z
Description: Japan has announced that it has signed a $ 95 million submarine cable project with the United States and Australia, which will further connect to Pacific island countries such as Miclinei to improve communication in Indo -Pacific region, while China is expanding its influence in the region.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '澳大利亚', '奥巴马', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '日本', '中共十九大', '美国']
Keywords: ['日本', '澳大利亚', '美国', '海底电缆', '太平洋岛国', '中国', '数位通讯', '网络链接', '地缘政治']
Id: 65841503
The submarine cable project built in the plan will connect more than 100,000 people in three Pacific countries.
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) Japanese Foreign Affairs Provincial Provincial Provincial Provincial Provincial Provincial Provincial Provincial Provincial Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Tuesday (June 6) that the 2250 kilometers long submarine cable Will [Micronesia] will(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/文件-中国欲同多个南太岛国达成全区域合作协议/a-61927290)The Federal Cosley, Tarrava and Nauru in the Republic of Kiribas are connected to the existing cable landing station located in Pohnpei, Michene.
For a period of time, Japan, the United States and Australia have strengthened their cooperation with the Pacific Island, which seems to be to fight Beijing's efforts to expand security and economic impact in the region.
In a joint statement, the participating parties stated that the next step will involve the final survey, design, and manufacturing of submarine cables. The width is about the width of the garden water pipe, and it is expected to be completed around 2025.
Two weeks before this statement, a security alliance consisting of Japan, the United States, Australia, and India " Quartet Security Dialogue "(Quad) leaders have just emphasized the importance of submarine cables as key components of communication infrastructure and the basis of Internet connection.
Matthewmurray, a senior official of the State Department of East Asia and the Pacific Affairs Bureau, said in a statement that "the digital connectivity of strong security and adaptability is never as important as it is now." Part of the part of our area is more closely linked. "
Japan Electric Corporation (NEC), which has won the contract after competitive bidding, said that the cable will ensure that residents, enterprises, and governments in the region will obtain high -speed, high -quality and safer communication. develop.
Kazuya Endo, director of the International Cooperation Bureau of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, also said that the submarine cable will connect more than 100,000 people in three Pacific countries.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
US military can enter more Philippine military bases 
The US Secretary of Defense Austin announced an agreement with the Philippines that enabled the United States to enter the Philippines' other four military bases. In this way, the U.S. army can keep an eye on two key locations: the disputed area of the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. According to officials, about 500 U.S. soldiers are duty every day in the Philippines, and the country allows U.S. forces to stay in the designated Philippine barracks.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
U.S. Defense: Strengthen the alliance to deal with China's illegal claims 
At a press conference with the Philippine Defense Secretary Carlito Galvezjr. Right) at the present conference where Manila attended together, US Defense Secretary Austin said that the efforts of strengthening the alliance "continued to advance its illegal claims in the Western Philippines Sea in China Particularly important". In response, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning accused the United States of pursuing the "selfish agenda" through new military arrangements, saying that this was "exacerbating the tension in the region and endangering regional peace and stability."
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula 
US Defense Minister Austin also announced in Seoul that advanced military equipment deployed on the Korean Peninsula, including fighter jets and aircraft carriers, to promote joint training and planning. He and South Korean Defense Minister Li Zhongzheng reached an agreement on expanding the United States and South Korea ’s joint military exercises, and also discussed the preparations for simulation exercises in February. North Korea fired dozens of missiles in 2022, including missiles that may have nuclear capabilities, aiming to combat South Korea and the United States. The United States therefore resumed large -scale military exercises last year to strengthen the deterrent of Pyongyang. North Korea officially stated that it was ready to fight against US military operations with "the most overwhelming nuclear force".
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Adjust the US military garrison in Okinawa Island 
In January 2023, the United States and Japan agreed to adjust the United States' garrison in Okinawa. Some of the reason for strengthening anti -ship capabilities and preparing for China invading Taiwan or other hostile behaviors in the South China Sea or the East China Sea in China. Japan is the place where the United States has the most places outside the country, including about 18,000 U.S. Marine War members, and most of them are stationed in the main base of Okinawa. Although Japan and Taiwan do not have formal diplomatic relations, they have close and informal relationships and have common concerns about China's continuous enhanced military activities.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Restarting in the Solomon Islands Embassy 
The United States has restored the US Embassy in the Solomon Islands that has closed since 1993. U.S. Secretary of U.S. Sublinger claims that this is a commitment to partnerships in the Indo -Pacific region. In April last year, the secret security agreement signed with China and China caused concerns about Western powers, that is, the Soonia Islands may provide a foothold for China in the Pacific region. The State Department of the United States stated that the embassy that reopening there is a priority against China's increased influence in the region.
*#
Military deployment in the United States expanded in the Asia -Pacific region 
Selling weapons to Taiwan 
(Associated Press)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/日澳美共同出资扩建太平洋海底电缆/a-65841503?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
"Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" or the first "ban song" in Hong Kong 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T14:40:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:11:19-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The scores and lyrics of "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong". (Screenshot of Twitter)[audio-1-link ：https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabagabaodao/angtai/al-0(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/al-06062023111302.html/@@stream)Hong Kong's fighting song "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong", from the streets of Hong Kong in 2019, to Hong Kong people rally around the world today, have played a role in gathered people's hearts. After this song has recently been mistaken for the "Hong Kong National Anthem" by international sports events, the Hong Kong Government officially applied to the court to prohibit anyone from spreading this song. What impact will the Hong Kong government's move bring?
Google refuses to remove the "Hong Kong National Anthem" search result in Hong Kong to stop advertising in Google * New Hong Kong rule of law: "Rongguang" songs and humiliation of the national anthem sale records involved in incitement The Hong Kong Police of the Hong Kong Police in the International Stadium Rest again to start the investigation * Google said to Beijing and the Hong Kong Government that China has failed to be invalid? 
"Why this land, tears reappear; why make everyone, but also resentful ..." "Glory to Hongkong" (Glory to Hongkong ", this first fighting song in 2019, once sounded. The streets and lanes in Hong Kong may be the first "ban song" since the opening of Hong Kong in the future.
The Hong Kong Department of Justice applied to the High Court forbidden to make a ban, prohibiting anyone from spreading, playing, printing, publishing, selling, distributing, spreading or displaying the song "Wish Relief to Hong Kong" on the Internet or any platform. , Inciting others to split the country; or have "incite intention" and advocate the separation of Hong Kong from China. The scope of the prohibition includes song melody, lyrics, and even adapted versions.
Article 32 of the Hong Kong Government List "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" films with hand language and various language versions 
The enrollment of the Hong Kong Department of Justice also said that "Wish Rongguang Back to Hong Kong" may be mistaken for "Hong Kong National Anthem", or that Hong Kong is an "independent country" with the national anthem, which is intended to insult the national anthem and violate the "National Anthem Regulations" in Hong Kong. A total of 32 "Wish Glory Back to Hong Kong" related YouTube videos, including pure music version, orchestra version, sign language version, and different languages such as English and German, requiring relevant persons to stop spread immediately.
The Hong Kong Government later issued a statement explaining, pointing out that the lyrics of "Wanting to Return to Hong Kong" contain slogans that have been incited by the court, and have been mistakenly expressed as "Hong Kong National Anthem" recently, which has insulted the national anthem and caused the country and the Special Economic Zone. Serious damage, emphasizing that in order to maintain national security, the application is necessary, reasonable and legal, and meet the requirements of the relevant human rights bill.
Try to ban the song by the court program 
Former Hong Kong District Councilor Liu Jiawen, the former Hong Kong district, told this station that since the implementation of the National Security Law of the Hong Kong District, the Hong Kong Government has continuously suppressed the culture and art world with tangible or intangible hands; Disposal, many movies cannot be released in Hong Kong. However, the Hong Kong government officially applied for a specific song for a specific song, but for the first time. She believes that it will make a very bad precedent.
Liu Jiawen said: "With my memory, this should be the first time that the government uses court procedures to apply for a ban on this song to be released or played in Hong Kong. Of course With the first precedent, many different publishing freedom and cultural freedom will be suppressed after that. "
At present, the relevant prohibited order application is waiting for the court's instructions, and the hearing date is to be determined. Huang Weiguo, assistant professor of the former assistant professor of the Department of Political and International Relations of the Hong Kong Baptist University in the UK, told the station that the ruling of the Hong Kong court will release important information to the international community.
Huang Weiguo said: "If the court really presented the play" Wish Rongguang to Hong Kong ", it can be said that since the opening of Hong Kong's port, the government has expressed its first explicit regulations. There is no existence, and it collapses further. "
The Hong Kong Government has not pointed out what incite slogans containing the lyrics of "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong", but there is a sentence in the song "Dawn comes, to recover, this Hong Kong; peers, children, the revolution of the times." The defendant Tang Yingjie, the first defendant who was sentenced to 9 years in Hong Kong by the National Security Law, was judged that the power of his motorcycles was hanging the banner of "restoring Hong Kong, the Revolution of the Times", and pointed out that the slogan could "incite others to split the country" Essence
How much is the actual role in blocking the "Broadcasting National Anthem" in international competitions? 
Since last year, when the Hong Kong team played the international sports competition, it repeatedly made a storm of "Broadcasting the wrong National Anthem" -the organizer mistakenly regarded "Wish Rongguang to Hong Kong" as "Hong Kong National Anthem", not the Chinese national anthem "The Volunteer March". The Hong Kong Government asked Google to "top" the Volunteer Army when searching for "Hong Kong National Anthem", but was rejected by Google.
Huang Weiguo believes that the situation of the "National Anthem" of the international sports events embarrassed the Hong Kong government, so he intended to prevent the ban from spreading "willing to glory to Hong Kong", so that it ranked after the internet search results in the middle of the hall to avoid the error in the international competition organizers. However, he believes that the approach of the Hong Kong government is "covering the ears and stealing the bell", because the Hong Kong government cannot control the results of the online search results of foreign users, and Hong Kong people in Hong Kong can still search for information such as VPN and other ways to "underground" circulating collective memories of Hong Kong people. Essence
Former Hong Kong District Councilor Guo Zijian, a former Hong Kong District Councilor, stated that "Wish Rongguang Back to Hong Kong" appeared during the 2019 Rebellion and spread all over the world. Although it is not the official national anthem of Hong Kong Represents Hong Kong people. Overseas law enforcement is difficult 
Tang Jiazhen, a member of the executive committee of a senior barrister, said that if the court issued a ban, the offender can be charged with "contempt of the court" and sentenced to 7 years in prison. He believes that the safest way of citizens is to delete related songs that have been downloaded or still retained. However, he acknowledged that there was some difficulties in overseas law enforcement.
Liu Jiawen said that "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" is not only the "iconic" song of the 2019 resistance movement. At present, in the activities of overseas Hong Kong people, it also plays an important role. The entry point of the interaction.
She believes that even if the Hong Kong court issued a ban order, overseas Hong Kong people's organizers will not have concerns about playing "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong". They believe that Britain is a free and democratic country, and Hong Kong people can express their opinions freely. The participants of the event will also evaluate the risks by themselves and protect themselves in different ways. I believe that the ban will not have much impact on overseas Hong Kong people.
Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Responsible Editor: Jiayuan.com editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/al-06062023111302.html 
Facts ｜ Qin Gang & Quot; Internal speech & quot; flowing out, saying that the Sino -US war is inevitable? 
Author: 作者：庄敬
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T15:27:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T09:42:59-04:00
Description: Author: Zhuang Jing
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
Tags: Anti -name fraud 
Reading in one minute: 
Recently, a recording of the Internet, known as "Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang's internal speech", which is known as "the leaked Chinese Foreign Minister". Its content talks about the dispute between China and the United States. Some netizens believe that the remarks in the recording are in line with China's diplomatic position, and even speculation that audio leaks should be "upper -level" to "talk hard to fight against the United States."
Asian facts investigation of the laboratory found that the content of the so -called Qin Gang's internal speech was roughly the same as the article released by Chinese commentator "Tan Jide" last year. A vibrato user read this article in the recording video to share with others. Asian facts check the laboratory compares the sound of this vibrato user to read the article and the so -called "Qin Gang recording" on the Internet. The results show that the sound is likely to be the same person, that is, the so -called "internal speech recording" It is likely that Qin Gang was named by Chinese netizens.
Deep analysis: 
Twitter, YouTube (YouTube) recently circulated a period of internal speech recording of Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang (hereinafter referred to as "Qin Gang Recording"). 06012023: Qin Gang's internal speech recording: War is inevitable, only the relationship between life and death in China and the United States "](https://www.qtown.media/share/linkPage/881D5921-269C-4680-BABF-20B53C065E41.html)However, the publisher did not provide other information such as the so -called "Qin Gang speech" and other information.
In more than a minute of video, there is only a photo of high -level officials in China and the United States. The voice is a conversation of a man about Sino -US relations. The only way is to be war. " The so -called "Qin Gang's internal speech" recording has attracted attention, including Chinese writers Cai Shenkun Former Chinese diplomat Chen Yonglin Waiting for people to forward and discuss this matter, and some people help videos with English subtitles, but many people question the credibility of the source of the media.

Social media circulates Qin Gang's so -called "internal speech" recording "Qin Gang's speech" content is similar to the height of online articles 
Asian facts investigation of the laboratory inquiry in the section of "Qin Gang's speech" was found behind, and its content was highly similar to an article on the Internet. It was published by "Tan Jide", who claimed to be a media person "Farewell to the United States!Human civilization is positive. Facing a bloody critical point " Essence The following comparison recording and part of the article (yellow characters are different places):
Comparison of the recording content of the "Qin Gang Speech" and the content of the online article (Asian facts check the laboratory drawing) Is the sound in the audio Qin Gang? 
At 4 minutes and 40 seconds, the background appeared strangely. 
Asian facts check the laboratory found that several Douyin users shared the article "Farewell to the United States!Human civilization is facing a bloody critical point" by recording videos. "Farewell to the United States (1)"](https://www.douyin.com/video/7149160800836537611), The same strange sound appeared at 8 minutes and 42 seconds. Showing "wind and rain" and "Qin Gang Recording" are likely to be the same source. The possibility of the so -called Qin Gang recording from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China is greatly reduced.
Another user "Marriy" released last April ["Deep Think!!!Farewell to the United States, globalization is dead, storm is really here (3/6)"]](https://www.douyin.com/video/7091008599908044071)Video, in the picture, the accent, pause, and words of men's speaking are similar to Qin Gang's audio. After investigation, the source of the picture is "Sixth Brother Chatting Life" Douyin, but the original video was not found in the user's work.The "Qin Gang recording" circulating on the Internet has been from the beginning to 4 minutes and 32 seconds. The content is the theme of the "Four, the essence of the Sino -US dispute" of the above article. From 4 minutes and 33 seconds, it receives other parts of the article. After comparison, it was found that in addition to a small number of words and articles, most of the contents were consistent.
The Qin Gang recording and vibrato user recording circulating on the Internet compared with the AI open platform. As a result, the probability of the same person's voice was 93.81%. Qin Gang's recording on the Internet compared with the AI open platform and Qin Gang's press conference on March 7th, the result was 65.78%of the sound probability of the same person. We entrusted another information engineer with acoustic pattern identification experience in Taiwan to perform identification. He compared the audio of "Qin Gang Recording" and "Sixth Brother Life" circulating on the Internet, and found that the ups and downs of the two audio were consistent; Yes, the two are likely to be the same audio.
Asian facts investigation laboratory asked the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Chinese Embassy in the United States on June 5th. The recording of the Internet was Qin Gang's voice, but the interruption of the draft has not yet been replied.
in conclusion: 
Although Chinese officials have not responded, the Asian facts check the laboratory failed to further confirm the authenticity of the audio, but Qin Gang reads an article released by the Internet author last year internally, and his tone, accent, and words are "coincident" and shaking The same possibility of sound users is quite low.
After comparison of online articles, Douyin videos, and sound pattern recognition, the Asian factual investigation laboratory believes that the so -called Qin Gang internal speech recording circulating on the Internet is likely not to say what Qin Gang said, but after someone edited the existing videos of the Internet on the Internet , Crown Qin Gang's name, spread error information.
_ Asian factual checkup laboratory ( _ASIA FACT Check Lab__) is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about any media and social software dissemination, welcome to email __AFCL@rfa.org _ Send it to the Asian factual inspection laboratory, and we will verify and verify it for you. _ _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-06062023150630.html 
Britain said that China has closed the "police service station" across the United Kingdom 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T16:22:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T15:02:20-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 British Security Affairs Secretary of State Tomtugndhat Reuters pictures
According to Reuters from London on the 6th, Tomtugndhat, the Secretary of State of the UK, said on Tuesday that China has closed the "police service station" that is said Illegal activities.
Britain had previously stated that reports from the police station that the country did not declare was "very worrying." Any intimidation for foreigners in British territory in China or other countries is unacceptable.
In a written statement to the parliament, Togenhart said that the British police had investigated the "protector" of the non -governmental human rights organization, that is, the three places of such police departments in the UK.
He said: "I can confirm that so far they have not found any evidence that the Chinese government conducts illegal activities on these websites."
"We evaluate that police and public supervision have a suppression effect on any administrative functions that these websites may have."
In April, the Federal Agent arrested two New York residents, which were suspected of operating the Chinese "Secret Police Department" in Chinatown, Manhattan, New York. China has stated that it is resolutely opposed to the so -called "US slander and smearing."
"British Foreign Affairs, Federal and Development Department has informed the Chinese Embassy that any functions related to such 'Police Service Stations' in the UK are unacceptable in any form."
"The Chinese Embassy subsequently responded that all such sites have been permanently closed. Any further allegations will be investigated in accordance with British law."
(Responsible editor: (：)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-06062023162129.html 
Military friction continues Campbell: The United States and China need to establish an effective dialogue mechanism 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T16:59:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:35:25-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On June 6, the Hudson Institute of Washington think tank in the United States held a seminar. Reporter Tang Yuanyuan Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaODao/junshiwaijiao/tj-06062023164602.html/@stream Aiming at the provocations of the Chinese military in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea recently, the Indo -Pacific Affairs Coordinator of the White House National Security Council, Kurtcampbell, at a seminar on Tuesday that the United States and China need Establish a more effective dialogue mechanism to avoid misjudgment.
The United States condemn the Chinese military in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea for provoking fear of injuries and injuries * U.S. Army: China J-16 provokes US reconnaissance aircraft in the South China Sea 
Recently, China ’s increasingly provocative military operations have caused the situation in the Taiwan Strait and the regional area of the South China Sea. At the end of last month, the Chinese military aircraft intercepted the US reconnaissance aircraft in the South China Sea in the South China Sea to "unprofessional". Just last week, when the U.S. warships and Canadian warships jointly sailed through the Taiwan Strait, a PLA warship again faced the United States again against the United States. The risk interception of the warship caused the two ships to almost collide.
Aiming at China's increasingly aggressive actions in the Indo -Pacific region, the HudsonInstitute of Washington think tank in the United States held a seminar on Tuesday. Participating scholars jointly discussed China's threat to the existing international order, and the Indo -Pacific Affairs Coordinator of the White House National Security Council, Kurd Campbell, also attended the meeting.
Campbell: The Meizhong needs a direct dialogue mechanism to avoid accidents 
Campbell said that the dialogue mechanism of the two countries in the United States and China is being established, and the incident that the two military warships are almost in the Taiwan Strait shows that the importance of the two sides has the importance of direct dialogue pipelines: "The dialogue mechanism in the United States and China has gradually opened up, and we start to convey to convey Their respective interests and concerns. US Secretary of Defense Lloydaustin mentioned at the Shangri -La Safety Dialogue Conference that establishing a direct dialogue mechanism between the United States and China is quite important. China's national strength is strengthening, and the military friction in the United States and China shows unprecedented tension. Both sides are both sides. The possibility of military misjudgment is gradually increasing. "
Campbell said: "During the Cold War, the United States and the Soviet Union had established effective communication pipelines. When the expected crisis occurred, the two sides could coordinate. But we could not do so with China, and China was unwilling to interact with the United States ... ... Chinese warships have recently carried out dangerous navigation steering in an attempt to block the US military's escort operation in the Taiwan Strait, which highlights the importance of the existence of the direct dialogue mechanism. "
At the meeting, Campbell also talked about the stance of the Biden government on the issue of Taiwan, and reiterated that the United States was committed to maintaining the status quo of the Taiwan Strait: "We realize Taiwan's major achievements in democracy and science and technology. We support these achievements and hope to maintain it ... ... … We must be careful of misjudgment or military accidents in the Taiwan Strait, which may lead to the consequences of expected. The current goal of the United States is to ensure that it is strong and clear to China, and at the same time, it is also avoiding the conflict that causes the conflict. "
The Indo -Pacific Affairs Coordinator of the White House National Security Council, Kurd Campbell, emphasized at the seminar on June 6, 2023 that the United States and China need to establish a more effective dialogue mechanism to avoid misjudgment. (Video Screenshot/Hudson Research Institute's official website) Scholars: Beijing may intend to use the US -China military friction to scattered the focus of six or four 
The outside world noticed that the Chinese military's provocative attitude towards the United States coincided with the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident. Ye Yaoyuan, director of the Department of International Studies and Contemporary Linguistics of St. Tomas University in the United States, told reporters in an interview with this station that the Beijing authorities may intend to disperse the people's attention to the June 4th incident with military events: "It (Chinese government) may want to borrow borrowing It is a possibility to guide domestic public opinion by a more provocative demonstration. Another possibility is that China has recently been very dissatisfied with the trend of the internationalization of the United States. It may be more dangerous and provocative. Actions come to express the disgust with the United States. "
In response to the concerns about China ’s contradictions about domestic social contradictions, Ye Yaoyuan believes that the war will make Beijing a huge cost, and at the same time, the Chinese army’ s war experience is not enough. Therefore, the possibility of launching the war on Taiwan in the short term is The Communist Party of China faces the disadvantages that cannot be reversed in China, or the challenge to the regime is very obvious, otherwise it will generally not do this (attack Taiwan). "
Campbell: The goal of the United States is not to restrict China's rise 
Campbell also emphasized at the seminar that the international order established by the United States has prompted the Indo -Pacific region to experience unprecedented prosperity in the past 50 years, and the local people have left poverty. Although China often accuses the United States of intentionally obstructing China to become regional hegemony, in fact, the goal of the United States is to defend the existing international order to ensure that the Indo -Pacific region can enjoy continuous peace and prosperity.
Campbell said: "As a rising country, it will not unexpectedly want to change the existing order, such as economic coercion or unilateral territorial declaration. These changes make the United States and Indo -Pacific countries worry. Prosperity has caused great harm. Therefore, what the United States wants to do is to maintain a good international system now. "
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Responsible: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-06062023164602.html 
Prince Harry arrived in the London High Court to testify 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T17:46
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:23
Description: Prince Harry in the United Kingdom arrived at the London High Court on Tuesday (June 6) to testify to the illegal behavior such as the illegal eavesdropping call of the Sirlery Newspaper Group, making him the first senior British royal family member to testify in 130 years. Reuters reported that Prince Harry did not ... on Monday (5th) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['哈里王子', '英国']
Prince Harry in the United Kingdom arrived at the London High Court on Tuesday (June 6) to testify to the illegal behavior such as the illegal eavesdropping call of the Sirlery Newspaper Group, making him the first senior British royal family member to testify in 130 years.
Reuters reported that Prince Harry failed to appear in the London High Court on Monday (5th). He and more than 100 other people were suing the Mirror GroupNewspapers (MGN), that is, the Daily Mirror (Daily Mirror "( Daily Mirror, "Sunday Mirror" and "Sunday Mirror" and "Sundaypeople", accused the group extensive improper behavior between 1991 and 2011.
The youngest son of King Charles III will face the interrogation of MGN lawyer Green on Tuesday and Wednesday (7th); Harry said that 33 newspapers were based on illegal information.
The trial of MGN began in May, and Harry and other loser lawyers tried to prove that illegal information collection was performed under the informed and approval of senior editors and managers. Harry is one of the four test cases, and his specific allegations constitute the focus of three days before this week.
However, he did not appear on Monday. Harry, who settled in the United States with his family on Monday, set off from the United States to Britain, because Sunday was his daughter Liliber's birthday. Judge Van Cat said that he was surprised by Harry's absence.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230606-1401769 
Minister Ma Guorou: Create the second Klang Valley in Johor 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T18:28
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:49
Description: Malaysia's Johor Minister Wenghafez revealed that he will work hard to promote the development of Johor and enhance infrastructure, make full efforts to make Johor into the second Klang Valley, and become another "advanced state" in Malaysia in 2030. Klang Valley includes the capital Kuala Lumpur and multiple Xuelan around ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['柔佛', '州务大臣', '马来西亚']
Malaysia's Johor Minister Wenghafez revealed that he will work hard to promote the development of Johor and enhance infrastructure, make full efforts to make Johor into the second Klang Valley, and become another "advanced state" in Malaysia in 2030. The Klang Valley includes the capital of Kuala Lumpur and the surrounding cities around it. It is the most developed area of the Malaysian economy.
Wenghafz said in an interview with the online media "Malaysia Gazette" that the land use of Kuala Lumpur and Singapore was saturated, so many Kuala Lumpur and Singapore companies would consider Johor when they wanted to expand their business.
He said: "Our geographical location is superior. It only takes three hours from Kuala Lumpur to Johor, and it only takes about 20 minutes to Singapore's Changyi to Johor. The business cost of Johor is about 30 % lower than that of Kuala Lumpur, which is about 70 % lower than Singapore. The location of the business is Johor. We have land and resources and are more cost -effective. "
He is convinced that Johor has the potential to develop into the second Malaysia country, and also believes that the state government will continue to improve the Zhenlin Mountains' levels, hospitals, roads and other infrastructure projects, and Johor will continue to attract foreign capital.
He said that the state government has also implemented the "Johor Fastlane" policy to make every effort to simplify the Catalog Festival and accelerate investment approval procedures. "It took six months to handle documents, and it only takes three months." According to the Johor government, Johor is the state of the state that Malaysia has received the most foreign direct investment last year, reaching RM70.6 billion (about S $ 20.7 billion). This year In the first season, there was RM10.6 billion.
He believes that Johor has the potential to become the second Kuala Lumpur. "If the strategy is correct and the support of the federal government, the state government, and the people, we can quickly make Johor the advanced state."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230606-1401788 
The Bangladesh heat waves are coming to power outage frequently 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T21:17
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:45
Description: The Bangladesh's heating waves have prompted the closure of primary schools and frequent power outages, so that people who cannot cool down the fan are bitter. Meteorological officials warned that assistance would not come immediately. Reuters reported that Bangladesh's maximum temperature soared from 32 degrees Celsius 10 days ago to nearly 41 degrees Celsius. Bangladesh Meteorological Bureau ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['孟加拉', '热浪', '气候变化', '高温', '停电']
The Bangladesh's heating waves have prompted the closure of primary schools and frequent power outages, so that people who cannot cool down the fan are bitter. Meteorological officials warned that assistance would not come immediately.
Reuters reported that Bangladesh's maximum temperature soared from 32 degrees Celsius 10 days ago to nearly 41 degrees Celsius. The Bangladesh Meteorological Bureau warned that there was no signs of high temperature. Scientists say that climate change is promoting hot waves in summer more frequently, seriousness and longness.
Bangladesh's Minister of Energy, Energy, and Mineral Resources Nasrulhamid said that the fuel shortage caused several generator sets, including the maximum coal -fired power plant, so Bangladesh may face two weeks of power outage. Essence
Bangladesh's power outage in recent months has led to economic recovery, especially the key clothing industry that accounts for more than 80%of total exports.
Rahman, the owner of the capital Daka, said: "The weather has been unreasonable recently, but the power outage for several hours has further increased our pain."
Many people do medical treatment because of heat waves. "We have received many patients with heat stroke or other patients related to the disease." Said the doctor in the northwest. "
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230606-1401833 
American venture capital giant Sequoia will split Chinese business (Free Version) 
Authors: ['凯•威金斯', '瑞安•麦克莫罗']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-06T23:18:07+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T19:19:99+08:00
Description: This split will be completed in March next year. Sequoia China will adopt a new English brand name "HONGShan".
Images: []
Themes: ['红杉资本', '关注']
Keywords: ['红杉资本', '中国商业与金融', '亚太公司', '新兴市场', '投资', 'TikTok', '字节跳动', '阿里巴巴', '中国政府', '纽交所', '滴滴出行', '美国政府']
Type: Article
In the context of the tension and warming in the United States and China, the risk investment giant Sequoia Capital(Sequoia Capital)The Chinese business will be split into a separate entity.
This well -known Silicon Valley company once bet Tiktok's parent company byte beating(ByteDance)And Alibaba(Ali Baba)Wait for rapid growth technology companies. It said on Tuesday that it will operate Chinese business alone to make it a "completely independent" entity and separate from the US business.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099882 
Alibaba's challenge and risk (free version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-06T23:23:13+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T19:26:99+08:00
Description: Yang Fangxi: The reorganization of Alibaba will undoubtedly change its relationship with investors, and at the same time, it will also have a profound impact on its internal working methods and power games.
Images: [" 000154924_pic... "]
Themes: ['阿里巴巴', '关注']
Keywords: ['阿里巴巴', '电商']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Alibaba's financial report on May 18th was the first small test "transcript" after the drastic spin -off reform. In addition to the details of the financial report, the central idea is the efforts to reduce losses and continue to improve. Although Alibaba conveyed determination to investors, when describing the past performance and prospects of the past, it still kept cautiously.
Alibaba has been divided into six major business groups, which aims to enhance the company's shareholder value and market competition sequencing. These new business units are: Cloud Intelligence Group, Taobao Tmall Commercial Group, Local Service Group, Cainiao Smart Logistics, Global Digital Business Group and Digital Media Entertainment Group. Each group is managed by its own CEO and the board of directors. Although the groups are operating around their core business, they still cover many business departments and projects that have not been listed alone. Many analysts point out that the intention of this reorganization is that on the one hand, the government has eased the government's concerns about "big but not falling" through "slimming". situation.
Alibaba must find a balance between diversified development and operational complexity. As an enterprise group with Chinese characteristics, Alibaba is promoting three core reform tasks in parallel.
The first is to do a good job of valuation management. At the phone conference call, Ali revealed the future direction and announced the establishment of a capital management committee under the board of directors of Alibaba Group. This committee, which is composed of key members such as Vice Chairman Cai Chongxin, former CFO Wuwei, CEO Zhang Yong, and President Michael Evans, etc., allocate the main capital allocation of various business departments.
Under the new holding structure, the newly established compliance and risk committee members are high. This committee supervises a extensive list of "reservations". Although the list is separated from the Capital Management Committee, other compliance issues need to be approved by the committee except for financial reports.
In other words, fiscal and regulatory power has returned to the hands of a small number of people who can make decisions. However, the transparent decision and governance mechanism is transparent, which helps enhance the confidence of investors, thereby achieving the purpose of supporting valuation.
At the same time, Alibaba must continue to repurchase stocks and attract strategic investors to support its valuation. On the one hand, all kinds of operations are under pressure, but it can also be interpreted as "make full use" of the remaining value and transform through financial means. Whether a company, including Cainiao Logistics and Hema Xiansheng, can successfully go public, will be properly handled after Alibaba's reorganization, and effectively manage its important tests and interests with each holding company. If these IPOs cannot be proceeded smoothly, the investor will question Alibaba's business strategy adjustment. Therefore, the execution results of these IPOs will become the key indicator of Alibaba's future development direction.
Alibaba's reorganization will undoubtedly change its relationship with investors, and at the same time, it will also have a profound impact on its internal working methods and power games. However, whether these changes can succeed depends on whether Alibaba can continue to develop in meeting the expectations of investors while maintaining the status of China's largest e -commerce platform. From a more macro perspective, Alibaba's reorganization and changes may reflect a greater industry trend. In China and the world, technology companies are facing growing competitive pressures, and new challenges caused by regulatory pressure and increasing public expectations. Enterprises need to reform and maintain competitiveness.
The second item is the relationship with competitors and regulatory mechanisms. The global competition pattern of the technology industry is changing. Emerging challengers, such as Pinduoduo and byte beating, with their more wolf execution, they have taken the market share of leading technology giants such as Alibaba in domestic and foreign markets. Alibaba's business reorganization can be regarded as a strategy to deal with this new competitive pattern. After spin -off, it becomes more flexible and more easily attractive to new strategic investment, thereby enhancing the transparency of investors. There is no doubt that Alibaba is now at a key turning point. It must adapt to the increasingly complex and fierce competitive environment in order to maintain a leading position in the new stage of development.
One means is to optimize the size of personnel. In the past year, Alibaba has reduced 7.7%of employees or about 19,725 full -time employees. In addition to cutting costs, potential spin -off, subsidiary fundraising and planned IPOs further marked the strategic transformation from expansion to monetization. Facing the government's big background for strengthening supervision of the science and technology industry, it involves more stringent requirements for fair competition, data security, and user rights. Alibaba will also face new pressure and responsibilities to adjust and re -examine its business model and strategy.
The third item is the business that is not excellent in divestitution, and has a financing potential but consumes a lot of cash business. The use of financial means to focus on the prospects of improving capital efficiency and profit, but a series of measures to increase revenue reduction and minus and subtracts by Ali are also double -edged swords.
Alibaba Cloud Intelligent Group is preparing to go on a listing plan for the next 12 months to 18 months, which involves a series of complex issues. First of all, Alibaba Cloud decided to listed independently involving asset reorganization and the responsibility of facing future hardware depreciation and capital expenditure. This may affect the profitability of new listed companies, and Ali Group has affected the proportion of equity in this China ’s largest cloud platform after its successful listing.
In addition, valuation is also a tricky issue. According to Interconnected's survey, Alibaba Cloud's revenue in the past quarter has contracted -2%year-on-year shrinkage. The reason is that the byte beating of Alibaba Cloud's income has shifted its overseas business to Oracle to meet the technical requirements for protecting American user data. Goldman Sachs has recently valued Alibaba Cloud $ 41 billion(Its EV/sales of TTM 3.7 times)Essence Compared with Alibaba, which is about $ 215 billion in market value, if Alibaba Yun wants to achieve a market value of the same size after splitting, it is obvious that there is still a long way to take a long way.
"The future is a stronger, more agile, and embracing the future." This sentence is full of expectations and the flavor of warning for Ali, who is experiencing reform and baptism.
_ _ 吧 (This article only represents the author's own point of view, and the editor is responsible: Yan MAN.YAN@ftChinese.com)_
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099878 
Reducing the risk of nuclear competitions in the country requires the public's attention and participation (Free Version) 
Authors: ['塞巴斯蒂安•菲利普，赵通为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-06T23:26:22+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T19:26:99+08:00
Description: Philip and Zhao Tong: In the context of the upgrading of nuclear competitions between major powers and tensions, the ability of the public's knowledge and rational expression is particularly important.
Images: [" 000085721_pic... "]
Themes: ['核问题', '关注']
Keywords: ['核问题', '核武器', '中美关系']
Type: Article
 来自FT中文网的温馨提示：如您对更多FT中文网的内容感兴趣，请在苹果应用商店或谷歌应用市场搜索“FT中文网”，下载FT中文网的官方应用。
50年前美国国内曾经历了一场激烈的公众辩论，当时引起美国民众广泛关注的问题是：如果苏联对美国的核武器基地发动核打击的话，会给普通老百姓造成多大伤亡。这场公众讨论的焦点是美国政府于上世纪60年代在人口稀少的中西部地区建造的数百个洲际弹道导弹发射井。万一美苏爆发核战争，这些导弹发射井将成为首要的被打击目标。经由美国的独立学者、国会的研究机构以及最终由美国国防部进行的研究发现，这些位于人口稀少区的导弹发射井受袭后产生的放射性尘埃将随风扩散至数百英里外，从而带来数百万的平民死亡。这些研究成果深刻地影响了公众对美国核政策的广泛关注和审视监督。
如今，据信中国正在其西北偏远地区建造总计数百个发射井的三个大型洲际弹道导弹发射井基地。虽然中国这种增强核力量的措施在理论上可以降低美国对中国发动核打击的可能性，但中国决策者显然对这种核打击依然有所担心。既然中国不认为中美之间爆发核战争的可能性小到可以完全忽略，那么处于西北地区的这些导弹基地很可能在核战争初期成为首当其冲被打击的目标。近日，一项新的研究首次揭示了中国核导弹发射井的部署与美国现有核战略之间的相互作用可能导致的平民伤亡规模。
据公开信息显示，中国正在进行的扩大核武库的进程是全方位的，包括陆基、海基和空基核武器。美国国防部估计，到2027年，中国的核武库规模可能达到700枚核弹头，到2030年可能达到1000枚，达到与美俄同样的数量级。其中重要的一环就是位于西北地区的三个洲际弹道导弹发射基地。这些基地一旦建成，可能容纳超过300枚新的洲际弹道导弹，如果每枚导弹携带三个弹头，仅这三个基地就能将中国的核武器总数增加近1000枚，成为中国未来核武库的中坚力量。在中国长期保有大概200枚核武器的数十年之后，这标志着前所未有的核力量扩充。
中美之间不断升级的政治和安全竞争已使中美核冲突成为一个更加严重和紧迫的军事话题。中国近年来似乎也在逐渐放弃之前简单的大规模核反击战略，转向更复杂的分级或灵活核反击，获得更精确可控地对不同规模和级别的核打击进行同等反击的能力，以对不同程度的核威胁进行更有效威慑。在中美双方均依赖灵活反应的分级核打击能力试图对核战争升级进程进行有利于己方的管控时，核冲突发生的门槛将比之前降低，核战争开打之后不断升级的风险也比之前升高。
虽然美国的核战略并不试图对中国这样的对手发动突然性的全面核打击，但是在双方越过核门槛后的战争逐渐升级过程中，美国为了限制自己的核心军事系统和人口可能遭受的损害，并不排除会对对手尚存的核武器发动攻击。在这种背景下，中国在内蒙古、甘肃、新疆的三个洲际导弹发射井基地就有可能成为重点目标。此次发表在同行评议的期刊《科学与全球安全》上的新研究利用了美国核战略的公开信息、中国新建导弹井的位置以及详细的气象和人口分布数据，以了解此类攻击的影响。
鉴于导弹井基地处于荒漠地带，核爆炸产生的冲击波、热浪和瞬时核辐射会杀伤附近居民，但范围更广的危害将来自于放射性物质随风向下风向扩散，在随后的数天至几周内对远至几千公里之外的广大人口稠密地区带来超过致死量的放射性沉降。计算机模拟显示，在平均气象条件下，如果人们有机会使用庇护设施以减少辐射暴露，那么中国东部人口稠密地区可能有超过500万人因放射性沉降而死亡。在最糟糕的气象条件下，可能会有超过1300万人死亡。如果人们没有机会获得提前预警并在随后的数天内采取防范躲避措施，那么平均死亡人数可能达到1700万人，最坏气象条件下可能达到4600万人。
尤其令人担忧的是位于内蒙古鄂尔多斯的导弹井基地。由于这些导弹井的位置，当地的气象条件可能导致核爆炸产生的放射性物质升入高空并直接飘向北京，导致首都及周边地区的严重平民伤亡。
上述研究仅考虑了三个偏远地区导弹井基地受袭的有限情景，并没有包括其它位于人口稠密区的核武基地受袭的影响。即使在这种有限场景下，单单中国的平民死亡人数就可能超过全球范围内第一次世界大战的总平民死亡人数，接近第二次世界大战的总平民死亡人数。这些数字表明，虽然美国的核政策禁止对平民目标进行直接打击，但其针对偏远地区纯粹军事设施的打击仍然会造成不可想象的平民伤亡。核武器使用政策能否符合国际人道主义法律原则，是包括美国在内的核武器国家需要深刻反省的问题。
对于中国来说，中国公众很少就若中国与美国围绕台湾或其他问题爆发战争时对他们自己和子孙后代的生命安全、健康和正常生活会有何种潜在后果进行公开讨论。这在一定程度上推动了国内舆论场中常见的挺战言论。中国网民也常常支持强硬的核政策。他们似乎很少去深入探讨，即使中国有能力用核武器对美国造成不堪承受的人员损失，但在战争升级到核冲突的早期阶段，中国可能需要付出的生命代价。
即便是中国安全和核政策领域的专业研究人员也很少广泛关注或进行关于不同冲突情景的自身损伤后果的公开定量研究。对导弹井的风险以及导弹井遭到攻击的可能后果的公开研究缺失，反映出学者和政策专家还不认为此类发生几率小但后果极为严重的问题应该在公共对话空间予以关注和探讨。鄂尔多斯基地的选址暴露的风险表明，在决策过程中可能没有充分考虑相关问题，或者决策过程中的相关研究可能不够深入。
西北导弹井受袭产生的核尘埃不会停留在中国边境，还可能导致邻国如朝鲜、韩国、日本和蒙古等地100的平民死亡。正如中国所倡导的“人类命运共同体”的理念所体现的那样，大国的安全政策及大国间的安全对抗可能对地区甚至全球民众的生命和健康产生直接影响。
Even if the Chinese public does not care about the economic costs and environmental impacts of such large -scale projects in peacetime, they may still want to know how their lives and long -term health will be affected by the occurrence of military conflicts, as well as the large -scale China’s large scale. Whether the construction of nuclear forces will bring other risks at the level of national interests and international relations. It is clear that these issues require sufficient time and effective supervision of the guarantee of the checks and balance mechanism. Hurrying may bring risks that are greater than the result of income. Various experiences and lessons in the development of modern society show that in a closed decision -making system without public knowledge and participation, it is difficult to ensure the objectivity, scientificity and balance of relevant decision -making, and fully consider that all domestic interests Concern. The detours that the United States has gone in this regard is worth learning from everyone.
The incomparable international responsibility of Nuclear Nuclear States such as China and the United States needs to ensure that its nuclear weapons policy is open, transparent, and highly responsible. They also need to actively explore various reducing risk measures such as military control and crisis management. Responsible policy formulation comes from actively accepting the supervision of domestic public and seriously responding to the concerns of the international public. In the context of the current upgrading of nuclear competitions and tensions between major powers, the ability of public knowledge and rational expression is particularly important. Only by increasing internal transparency and allowing the public to discuss and formulate strategic policies can the country's nuclear policies and strategic security decisions not only maintain national security, but also balance domestic and international interests, and promote global peace and stability.
_ (Note: Sebastian Philip(Sebastien philippe)He is a researcher at the University of Princeton University of Science and Technology and International Security; Zhao Tong is a visiting scholar of Science and Technology and International Security Projects of Princeton University and a senior researcher at the Carnegie International Peace Research Institute. This article only represents the author's personal point of view. Responsible for the mailbox bo.liu@ftchinese.com) _
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099871 
Saudi Arabia's oil price defense or high cost (Free Version) 
Author: Summer Said
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-06T23:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T23:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-06T02:43:00.000Z
Description: Saudi Arabia announced the reduction of 10%of the oil output this weekend to boost the price. The results so far show that the move may be high at cost.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000952492
Type: Article
Saudi Arabia announced this weekend that cut 10%of the oil output To boost the price, the achievement so far shows that the move may be high at cost.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%B2%99%E7%89%B9%E7%9A%84%E6%B2%B9%E4%BB%B7%E4%BF%9D%E5%8D%AB%E6%88%98%E6%88%96%E4%BB%A3%E4%BB%B7%E9%AB%98%E6%98%82-22cb447e 
Four months after naked resignation 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-06T23:43:40+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T19:44:99+08:00
Description: Zhang Leyu: In the usual thinking, people are going to be fixed on the label of work. No job, who are you? This sentence is very familiar, and similar sentences are: Why don't you get married?
Images: [" 000183528_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '35岁之后的人生', '关注']
Keywords: ['35岁之后的人生', '求职', '职场', '生活']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
In January of this year, I left the company that worked for five years and gave up a decent work in a social sense. This also meant that I gave up a role and sense of belonging with social recognition. Many friends care about or surprised or puzzled: "Why are you going to leave?"
In our habitual thinking, people are "fixed" on the label of a job. If a person is not working, it is difficult for his foreign social business card to have a identity that everyone is understood and accepted. You have no job, who are you? This sentence is very familiar. Similar sentence patterns are full of us and there are: Why don't you get married?
But when we have been in a high -pressure and alienated environment for a long time, our spirit is in tightness and excitement for a long time, and people are either easily burnout or form a defense mechanism. Fortunately, I did not let myself live a vague middle -aged man. A sound of the heart rises, "This should not be what I want." The day of naked resignation was almost 4 months old. Interestingly, after the resignation, I did not know why it gradually became a resignation opinion in the sisters circle. Leaders, friends who want to resign will come to seek my opinion when they are entangled, although I will not encourage everyone to leave at will.
Little J is a friend I work in Hong Kong, because what I do is cross -border e -commerce facing the mainland market. I need to work with partners working in the Mainland every day. When she came down, she felt exhausted. She wanted to resign and rest, but the family did not support her naked, so she couldn't make up her mind. Little Z is a friend who works in a central enterprise. The central enterprise has stable benefits, and she has been an outstanding employee in the company in the company in recent years. Go. It turns out that many people are not so satisfied with their current situation.
There is a resonance sticker on Douban: I feel that the life of the Chinese seems to be unable to stop. I have to keep going forward for a moment. If I say I want to take a break, people around you will feel that I am crazy Lost. The highest reply from the bottom is more concrete: Our Gapyear is Gao Si, the second year of the World War II, the second year of the test and the test of the test. It is not to be single in the end. What we oppose is a kind of rigidity, a kind of freedom to lose its own choice.
"People need to rest or can also rest." This almost common sense concept has not become a consensus among our diligent and brave nation, especially with the rapid economic development of more than 40 years. The value of the value of our current is unconscious that we don't need to move the brain. Therefore, this inherited subconscious has become a kind of tacit understanding between peers -busy is our halo and armor.
Looking back at the days before resigning, you can summarize it as "both burnout and hard work". Extremely dissatisfied with your own life. When the bottom state of a person is not very good, any building covered on it is crumbling. Before I resigned, I was such a crumbling feeling, although everything outside looked together.
In the days when I stopped, I started to touch my truly "important but not urgent" list. "Cleaning" once became the first theme. Whether it was a book piled up at home, some had not had time to turn it over, or overflowing the clothes of the wardrobe in spring, summer, autumn and winter. Passing through, items that have no value to use are determined to clean up my space regardless of the price code. This is a way to farewell to the old self.
However, I found that "cleaning" is not an easy task for me. It is a project that needs to be achieved repeatedly, because there will always be an excuse to tell myself that you do n’t wear clothes. After all, I still find time to read it ... In the last cabinet clothes, we did not have less visible to the naked eye. Maybe we are clearly clear what kind of life we want.
"When I am cultivating the soil, I also cultivate my heart. When I clear the weeds in the garden, I also know the anxiety, anger, pride, self, and fear of my inner weeds." Items, I want to make room for new experience flows. Behind this is not only the reconciliation of our past, but also means that we have prepared what kind of life we want to hug.
In the morning class in the morning in one day, my yoga teacher said that people only need to relax quietly in the practice of yoga. Just be on, don't worry about hard work. I am a little bit realized.
Target -oriented, abnormal force, I don't think this is the "disease" that needs to be cured. After resigning, from one state to another state, I slowly realized that we could look around more three -dimensional to life. A new continent. What follows is the state of life that has a natural flow. You don't have to struggle like fighting every day, which has also become a brand new experience.
What is even more surprising is that when I go home to accompany my parents, I find that I can really "see" them. The so -called "seeing" is clearly clear about the topic between them. Dad chats endlessly. In the past, I thought that things that were not "worth" at all, and naturally flowed through my sensory experience.
Let yourself be consciously staying with the surrounding space, living in the moment is no longer a truth from others. This kind of unreasonable feeling is like a bouquet of sunlight through the gaps on a cement wall scattered scattered scattered. Directly shot into my life. This may be the current popular mindfulness training.
When the time left to yourself increases, the width of people's minds increases, and the ability to feel the living world is also recovering. Creating a new experience becomes more natural. After re -communication with many friends who have not been in contact for a long time, I found that friends of the same age are actually facing similar dilemmas. They are 35 years old, psychological burnout and the confusion of drilling from time to time ... Following the direction of the water flow, so I started to start with the water flow, so I started to start. "Life after 35" series column. Every time I face an interview object, it is a new experience from talking about a new topic. Rather than saying that this is a column to write others, it is better to say that this is the way to enter others to see the three -dimensional life.
American scholar William Bryic said in his famous work "The Book of Transformation", "The beginning is the end, the end is the beginning, and it is the end of the end." If my friend really determined to resign, Then I will tell them the first time, "Congratulations!Don't waste every naked resignation easily."
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099873 
British Sunak's first visit to Washington to focus on cooperation in the field of science and technology and support Ukraine 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T-13:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T08:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 6th) British Prime Minister Sonak will launch a two -day visit to Washington on the 7th to meet with the US President Biden, the Federal Senate Councilor, and corporate leaders. Economic security will be the focus of this trip, including strengthening the cooperation between Britain and the United States in the field of economy, trade and emerging technology.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This is the first visit to Washington for Rishi Sunak since he took office last October, and it will also be the fifth talk of Joe Biden.
The British Prime Minister's House stated that Sunak will convey to the US government and business, and economic and defensive cooperation must be the two pillars of the British and American alliances. Facing the challenge of the new era, it is necessary for the United States to expand the defense partnership that lasted decades to a comprehensive cooperation in the economic field to ensure early preparations for the safety of the two sides in the next century.
The Prime Minister's Government pointed out that recently an example of an example of a non -friendly country in an attempt to use economic coercion to achieve goals, including Russian President VladimirPutin to lift European energy prices, and the individual and government of individuals and governments who have criticized their human rights invasion in China to "punish" the extensive use of sanctions in China Essence
The topics that Sunak expects to discuss with representatives of the United States and business circles include strengthening cooperation in research and development, investment, standards and standardization in key emerging technology fields such as artificial intelligence, and at important materials and technology supply chains, external threats on the economic level, and the United States In the case of implementing the "InflationReDuction Act", it is sought to ensure that Britain and the United States maintain a strong partnership.
The Prime Minister's palace said that during Washington, Sunak will hold a round table meeting with the chairman of the United States Congress. On the 8th, it will become the first "Business Round Table Organization" composed of the CEO of large American enterprises. The British Prime Minister and the Bayeng held talks with Biden in the White House.
Sunak, who is keen on crickets, will attend the 2nd "British and American Friendship" theme baseball game in Washington on the 7th. During the viewing of the game, Sunak is expected to communicate with the American and business people who have closely exchanged with the United Kingdom.
According to the plan, during the ball game, the British and American military will perform joint performances such as the split type and the music team, and the national anthem of the Britain and the United States will sound.
In addition to the issues related to economic and trade and economic security, Prime Minister's Mansion pointed out that supporting measures for Ukraine will also be the focus of British and American talks.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E8%8B%B1%E7%9B%B8%E8%8B%8F%E7%BA%B3%E5%85%8B%E9%A6%96%E8%AE%BF%E5%8D%8E%E5%BA%9C-%E8%81%9A%E7%84%A6%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80%E9%A2%86%E5%9F%9F%E5%90%88%E4%BD%9C-%E6%94%AF%E6%8F%B4%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0 
Chinese college entrance examination appears "Xizhi" to become composition test questions 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T-15:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T08:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Beijing, 7th) The Chinese college entrance examination debuted today. One of the composition test questions quoted two sections of Chinese countries such as "blowing out the lights of others" and "one flower is not spring". Chairman Xi Jinping's conversation asked the candidates to write the idea. The "Xuexuality" caused discussions. Nympho
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China College Entrance Examination (University Admission Examination) debuted today. According to the statistics of the Ministry of Education of China, a total of 12.91 million candidates went to the examination room to create a record high.
There are 7 sets of test papers in the national college entrance examination Chinese composition this year. Among them, there are 4 test papers of propositions of the Ministry of Education Examination Center, and Beijing, Tianjin, and Shanghai have their own propositions. Therefore, there are 7 different composition test questions.
According to reports, the National Volume B of the Ministry of Education, the composition test question "blows out the lights of others will not make yourself more bright; blocking the road of others will not make yourself go further." It is not spring, and the flowers are full of spring garden. If there is only one kind of flowers in the world, even if this flower is beautiful, it is monotonous. "It is required to write an article in this way to reflect his own thinking.
The topic emphasizes that these two sentences are "General Secretary Xi Jinping's speech, and the general truth is spoken in vivid images."
According to public information, the first paragraph comes from March this year. Xi Jinping attended the content of the conversation between the Chinese Communist Party of China and the high -level dialogue between the Chinese Communist Party in Beijing. Speech content. In the past, these two conversations were interpreted as China preaching "the constructive community of human destiny."
Different from Volume B, which is different from the "Xuexuality", the other three national test papers are subject to "time", "good story", and "your own space".
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E9%AB%98%E8%80%83%E7%99%BB%E5%9C%BA-%E4%B9%A0%E8%AF%AD%E5%BD%95-%E6%88%90%E4%BD%9C%E6%96%87%E8%80%83%E9%A2%98 
Deeping sales pressure drags Japanese stocks to collect frustration 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T-20:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T07:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 7th) After the Japanese Tokyo Stock Market's Nikkei Index recently set a 30 -year high, investors have made a profit, and the broader market has closed down today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Japanese stock base 225 index closed down 593.04 points, or 1.82%, to 31913.74 points. Dongzhi stock price index closed 29.98 points, or 1.34%, and came to 2206.30 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230607-%E8%8E%B7%E5%88%A9%E5%8D%96%E5%8E%8B%E6%8B%96%E7%B4%AF-%E6%97%A5%E8%82%A1%E6%94%B6%E6%8C%AB 
US media: Bollingin visited China for a few weeks 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T-29:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T04:05:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 6th) The United States and China have tried to control the tension again. US officials revealed today that Secretary of State Brillin may re -arrange to visit China within a few weeks.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Antony Blinken was originally scheduled to visit in February this year, but after discovering that it was said to be a Chinese spy balloon and shot down in the United States, Brinken canceled the schedule.
According to Agence France -Presse, the United States and China have given positive assessments for high -level US officials' recent visit to Beijing, including the State Council ’s Asia -Pacific assistant Danielkritenbrink recently to visit; Kangda was also responsible for Brinkin's previous plan.
A U.S. officials who do not want to disclose their names said that Brins are expected to re -arrange to visit China in the next few weeks, but emphasized that the date has not been determined.
The White House National Security Conference spokesman John Kirby said the recent talks held in Beijing involved "the possibility of future visit" and "very useful."
He told the media: "I think soon, everyone will know the news of future visit."
American State Department spokesman Vedant Patel said that Sarahberan, senior director of China and Taiwan Affairs of the National Security Council of the White House, started a "frank and effective discussion" in China; Only said, "We look forward to re -arrange access when conditions permit."
"Our point of view is that in order to promote the discussion between the two parties, there is nothing to replace each other face -to -face or contact, whether in Washington or Beijing." (Translator: Ji Jinling)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E7%BE%8E%E5%AA%92-%E5%B8%83%E6%9E%97%E8%82%AF%E7%9D%80%E7%9C%BC%E6%95%B0%E5%91%A8%E5%86%85%E8%AE%BF%E9%97%AE%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD-%E7%BC%93%E5%92%8C%E7%B4%A7%E5%BC%A0%E5%85%B3%E7%B3%BB 
China denies that there is an overseas police station in the UK to stop slander and discredit operation 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T-3:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Beijing, 7th) The Rights Protection Organization previously revealed China's secret police station in overseas operations. British officials said that China should have requested to close; but China has denied that there is a so -called overseas police station today, and urges the British to stop slandering China.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Tom Tugendhat, the deputy minister of the British Ministry of Political Affairs, said on the 6th that the human rights group "SafeguardDefenders" released a report for the first time in September last year to reveal that China has established the "Secret Police Station" overseas overseas. Later, China has closed the police station at the request of the British side.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin said at a regular press conference today: "There is no so -called secret police station at all. China urges the British side to respect the facts, stop rendering speculation and slandering China, and stop making barriers to Sino -British relations."
The Chinese Embassy in the Britain today also denied the "Secret Police Station" on the official website by answering reporters.
In the name of a spokesman in the British embassy, "there is no so -called so -called overseas police station. Facts have proven that the so -called overseas police station is a downright political lie. Individual politicians hype this topic are purely political."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%90%A6%E8%AE%A4%E5%9C%A8%E8%8B%B1%E5%9B%BD%E8%AE%BE%E6%9C%89%E6%B5%B7%E5%A4%96%E8%AD%A6%E5%AF%9F%E5%B1%80-%E5%90%81%E5%81%9C%E6%AD%A2%E8%AF%8B%E6%AF%81-%E6%8A%B9%E9%BB%91%E8%A1%8C%E5%8A%A8 
How to change my life in the United States and China 
Author: Lingling Wei
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T00:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T00:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T22:42:00.000Z
Description: For Wei Lingling, a reporter from the Wall Street Journal in China, the mutual contact between the United States and China in the 1990s changed her life trajectory and gave her the opportunity to imagine a better future.
Images: []
Categories: ['派', '生活']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000923924
Type: Article
Some scholars have described the cooperation between China and the United States with the term "Chimerica" (China and the United States), which is a state of embracing symbiosis. In the past ten years, relations between the two countries have moved towards unrestrained mutual exclusion. Now, the two parties in Washington have reached a consensus that the long -term strategy of deepening the economic relations with China has failed. The Chinese leadership has increasingly regarded the United States as a threat to survival. In these two countries, if anyone claims to take a more relaxed route, it will be regarded as politically naive or worse.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E4%B8%AD%E6%8E%A5%E8%A7%A6%E5%A6%82%E4%BD%95%E6%94%B9%E5%8F%98%E6%88%91%E7%9A%84%E4%BA%BA%E7%94%9F-1ee9695 
Try Vision PRO: The reason for the new product waiting for "needs" (Free Version) 
Authors: ['帕特里克•麦吉']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T00:39:16+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T20:39:99+08:00
Description: This $ 3,500 apple header has successfully displayed an AR/VR vision that belongs to the present. As for whether consumers "need" it, it is another matter.
Images: [" 000183615_pic... "]
Themes: ['苹果', '关注']
Keywords: ['苹果', '虚拟和增强现实', '三星', '扎克伯格', 'Meta']
Type: Article
 apple(Apple)Once again, it caused a sensation. The $ 3,500 VISIONPRO wearing device has absorbed all the main computing trends in the past 20 years, and then applied them around your eyes in a fashionable and comfortable way, and provides a novel and private intuitive interface.
On Monday, after Apple held a two -hour demonstration, I was one of the first people who got Vision Pro 30 minutes of personal demonstration. • Cook(Tim Cook)This APP was not mentioned in the tone speech on millions of people watching online.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099883 
Britain: China claims that it has been closed at the British "Police Station" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T01:31:00Z
Description: China has been accused of setting up a "Secret Police Station" in many countries around the world to monitor and harass local diaspora. The British Security Minister said on the 6th that China claims that it should be required to close the police station set up in the UK. How does China respond to this?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['中英关系', '海外警察站', '警察']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65845374
British Security Minister Dong Qinda (data photo)
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Tomtugndhat (also translated Togentet) said on Tuesday (June 6) that China has closed the "police service station" set up in the UK on Tuesday (June 6). After investigation, the British side did not find that the Chinese government conducted any illegal activities at these locations.
Safeguard Defenders, the human rights organization, previously pointed out that China setting up the "Overseas Police Station" in many countries around the world , Triggered a number of investigations in many countries. The organization pointed out that these sites were originally established for providing administrative services, but they were also used to "monitor and harass the community of the diaspora" or forced the people to "return to China with illegal pipelines." Britain has stated that the news is "very worrying", and any intimidation of foreigners in China or other countries in British territory is unacceptable.
In a written statement submitted to the British Parliament, Dong Qinda said that the British police had investigated the three suspected police stations mentioned by the "Protection Guard". So far, the police have not seized any evidence of "the Chinese government conducts illegal activities in these places", but "we evaluate the supervision of the police and the public may suppress these locations or any administrative functions that have been ever had."
Dong Qinda said that the establishment of such sites without the permission of the British and their existence may allow people who avoid the United Kingdom from China to seek safety and freedom, and are worried.
He said that the Foreign Commonwealth and DevelopmentOffice has been informed that the Chinese Embassy has not accepted any activities related to such "police service stations", and such stations may not be in any form in the UK Operation. The Chinese Embassy subsequently responded that all such sites have been permanently closed. If any further allegations are available, China will conduct a rapid investigation based on British law.
China has always denied operating any such police stations, emphasizing that these sites only provide administrative services. Regarding Dong Qinda's statement, a spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in London reiterated that the so -called "overseas police station" is a non -existence and downright political lies at all, and said that "this topic of individual politicians hyped is purely political manipulation." The spokesman emphasized that the Chinese side urged the British side to stop spreading false information, stop rendering speculation and slandering China.
The United States seized the "Changle Guild" at the Chinese Police Station on Chinatown, Manhattan in April

The British government said that similar Chinese police sites have about 100 worldwide.
Reuters reports that the Chinese government has previously stated that there are some service centers abroad to provide services to assist Chinese citizens to update their documents and other services, but these centers are opened by local volunteers instead of Chinese police.
The British "The Times" reported in April that the Chinese businessman Lin Ruiyou operated a food distribution company operated by the suburbs of London and also became an unsuscript Chinese police station. New York residents operating China's "Secret Police Station" on Chinatown](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/涉經營中國海外警察站-兩男遭美fbi逮捕/a-65353631)Essence China has denied the above incident and expressed its resolute opposition to "slander and discreditation." In addition, Canada A few European countries He also conducted an investigation on China's "Overseas Police Station".
(Reuters, Agence France -Presse, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/英國：中國稱已關閉在英「警察站」/a-65845374?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
China ’s export atrophy in May exceeded that it was expected to decrease by 7.5% year -on -year alone 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T01:34:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T09:25:02-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China ’s exports in May are not good, far lower than external expectations. The picture shows Qingdao Port. Reuters information.
China ’s export atrophy in May far exceeds external expectations. In May, the total value of exports was calculated in the US dollar, a year -on -year decrease of 7.5%. It was the largest decline since January. The import also recorded a 4.5%decrease. However 7.9%slows down.
The China Customs General Administration announced the latest import and export data on Wednesday. In the first five months of this year, the total value of import and export was 1.677 trillion yuan, an increase of 4.7%year -on -year. Exports were 962 trillion yuan, an increase of 8.1%; imports were 7.15 trillion yuan, an increase of 0.5%. However, according to the US dollar, the total value of import and export in the first five months was US $ 2.44 trillion, a decrease of 2.8%, an export of 1.4 trillion US dollars, an increase of 0.3%, and imports of US $ 1.04 trillion, a decrease of 6.7%; Expand 27.8%.
Reuters had previously investigated with economists that they predicted that exports in May would fall by only 0.4%and imports decreased by 8.0%.
Reuters reports that it is believed that China's exports are not good and are related to the weak demand for Chinese products. At the same time, the poor performance performance has also reduced the demand for re -exports of imported components in China.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/st-06072023013415.html 
Visit China or trainee in Blingken for several weeks 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T01:45:00Z
Description: Many international media quoted unknown US officials reported that Brins will restart the long -delayed visit to China within a few weeks, or will meet Xi Jinping. The U.S. State Department has not yet confirmed that what are the current news?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '美国']
Keywords: ['美中关系', '布林肯', '气球事件', '中国', '美国']
Id: 65845535
Sino -US relations fell to the freezing point due to the "spy balloon incident", and Brinken delayed the scheduled to visit in February.
(Voice of Germany) Bloomberg quoted anonymous news on Tuesday (June 6) that US Secretary of State AntonyBlinken plans to visit China in the next few weeks and talk to senior officials in China, which may include Chinese President Xi Jinping. Essence
Several U.S. officials who did not want to be named revealed that Brinken's exact time to restart China's trip is still uncertain because the discussion is still in the stage of private discussion. The news was the first to report by Bloomberg. Later, many international media such as Reuters, CNN, and Wall Street Journal followed up.
In this regard, a spokesman for the US State Department stated that there is no relevant itinerary that can be announced at present, Bollingken's previously canceled visit to China It will be performed when "conditions permit".
In February this year, the United States referred to a "spy balloon" from China flew over its lead and shot down It prompted Brinken to postpone the original interview plan, and Sino -US relations dropped to the freezing point. Recently, the two countries have continued to be tension due to military storing, punitive economic measures, and mutual accusation of the global stability. However, the United States is trying to restore the high -level interaction between the two sides.
The possibility of misjudgment increases? 
In recent weeks, the US military disputes have continued. During the joint mission of the United States and the Canadian warships in the Taiwan Strait, a Chinese warship once was less than 150 yards (about 137 meters) from the US military missile destroyer, and it almost collided 。5月30日，美國印太司令部也發布一段影片，指一架中國殲-16戰鬥機於當月26日在南海上空以「不安全且不專業」的方式攔截一架美國偵察機。
中美军舰相遇台湾海峡 
美國白宮國家安全委員會發言人柯比(JohnKirby)警告，中國的「侵略性越來越強」，「用不了多久就會有人受傷」；中國外交部發言人汪文斌隨後在例行記者會回應，中方採取的行動「專業、合法、合理」，是美方軍用艦機「不遠萬里跑到中國的家門口挑釁，執意到中國領海領空附近搞什麼抵近偵察、耀武揚威」。
路透社報導，白宮國安委員會印太地區協調員坎貝爾(Kurt Campbell)6日在美國智庫哈德遜研究所(HudsonInstitute)一場活動上說，雖然與中國的溝通渠道「正在打開」，但隨著中國軍隊在美軍附近的活動增加，雙方在軍事行動上發生誤判的可能性是「存在且正在升高的」。
坎貝爾強調，與中國保持「適當的外交」至關重要，但中國官員已經回絕了美國在潛在衝突中試圖進行溝通的努力。上週，中國國防部長李尚福拒絕與美國國防部長奧斯汀(LloydAustin)在新加坡香格里拉對話會進行場邊會晤。
但柯比6日表示，美方正在推動其內閣部長與中國官員互動，目前已取得相關進展。
近期中美官員也陸續展開交流，包括 亞太事務助理國務卿康達(Daniel Kritenbrink)於六四期間在北京會晤中國外交官 , Expand the "frank" dialogue. In May, William Burns, director of the Central Intelligence Agency, also reportedly visited China secretly. In addition, Jakesullivan, a White House Guoan consultant, and Wang Yi, director of the Foreign Affairs Office of the Communist Party of China in May, also met in Austria in May.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中美關係解凍沙利文與王毅坦率長談8小時/a-65597495) 。
US diplomats visited Beijing during June 4th and sprinkled salt on the wounds of the Democratic Games.
(Bloomberg, Reuters, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/布林肯傳數週內訪華-或見習近平/a-65845535?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Ukrainian dam was blown up and drowned the theater, or it caused humanitarian disaster 
Creator: ANDREW E. KRAMER,MARC SANTORA,THOMAS GIBBONS-NEFF
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-07T01:50:02+08:00
Description: The dam lubble caused flood pouring and drowned the theater, causing tens of thousands of residents to be in danger, and it is likely to cause long -term environment and humanitarian disasters. At present, the damage of the dam is unclear, and Russia and Ukraine have accused each other. Via Reuters earlier on Tuesday, a new Khahofka Dam in the Hermuson area of Ukraine.
Images: [" 06ukraine-led... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 Earlier on Tuesday A dam on the Dnie River in southern Ukraine was destroyed, and the flood poured down from the ride, drowned the downstream theater, causing tens of thousands of residents to be in danger, and it is likely that long -term environment and humanitarian disasters will occur.
Ukraine and Russia quickly attributed the disaster to each other. Kiev's officials said that the Moscow's army bombed Russia's dams controlled by Russia before dawn, and Ukrainian President Zellezki pointed his finger at "Russian terrorists". The Kremlin spokesman Dimitri S. Peskov denied Russia's participation and claimed that the damage of the dam was "deliberate destruction."
It is unclear now Who's the reason It destroyed the Khahofka dam and hydropower plants near the city of New Carfa. But some senior European officials condemned Russia. Engineering and ammunition experts said that someone is likely to be intentionally manufacturing explosion inside the dam , Resulting in the dam of the dam. They say that structural failures may also be possible, but they are also likely to be possible, but they are unlikely.
UN Secretary -General Antonio Gutres said the damage of the dam is a "huge humanitarian, economic and ecological disaster" and "another evidence that war brings a terrible price for people."
advertise
The size of the water body in the dam in the Hulson area is equivalent to the Da Salt Lake in Utah. Ukraine's main hydropower company Ukraine Water Energy Corporation, the person in charge of Ukraine, said in an interview that the dam exploded at about 2:50 am on Tuesday.
"The losses are huge, and the hydropower station cannot be repaired," he said. "The following part has been washed away."
The residents of Antinifa, about 65 kilometers downstream, described that they look in horror Floods were flooded away from the fragments of trees and destroyed houses. The Ukrainian authorities scrambled to evacuate the people with trains and buses.
Videos and pictures on social media show that people are digital to rescue pets and property on the sedimentary plain. Some people ride bicycles on the streets drowned by mud. In Nicholaev, a row of emergency trains Those who escaped Hermone rising the waters.
On Tuesday, in Hermone, Ukraine, citizens rescued her pets from rising water. EvGeniy Maloletka/Associateed Press
Regional military officer Olek Sander Pruokin said that there were about 16,000 "key areas" on the west bank of the river controlled by Ukraine. The National Police of Ukraine said that 23 towns and villages have been flooded so far, and the water level of the Dieberg River has risen nearly 3.3 meters in Hermone. At 9 pm local time, the police said in the Telegram message application that at least 1,366 people evacuated from the flooded area.
The day before the damage, U.S. officials said that they found Ukraine the long -awaited counterattack operation It has begun, intending to repel the Russian army in the Tonnon Izk region. The Russian military said several attacks on the Kiev Army have been repelled by them.
advertise
Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shohg has accused Ukraine of destroying the dam, because Ukraine can transfer the army and equipment to the front line to help them counterattack. Ukraine said that Russia bombed the dam to prevent the Ukraine troops from crossing the river downstream.
The dam is the southernmost tail of the Dieber River. It was built between 1950 and 1956. It belongs to part of the overall plan to make full use of the economic power of the so -called "Date Dieber". It is located in the downstream of the Zapoli Asia nuclear power plant controlled by Russia, and the nuclear power plant rely on the Khahofka Reservoir to cool its reactor.
Initially, people were worried that if the water level of the river dropped too much, the largest civil nuclear facilities in Europe would not be able to take water, which may cause melting. But Ukraine National Nuclear Energy Power Corporation(Energyatom)It is said in a statement that although the damage to the Zapoli Asia nuclear power plant "may have a negative impact", it has received sufficient water from the nearby pond to cool it.
The statement said: "The situation has been controlled."
Experts are still trying to understand the overall scale of the disaster. The videos verified by the New York Times and pictures on social media showed that the flood drowned the downstream community. In the city controlled by Russia, Mayor Vladimir Kovarianko said that floods flooded houses, affected farmland, blocked the road, and drowned a zoo in the city. The city hall and the cultural palace were also flooded.advertise
The head of the National Emergency Department, Shelshi Crook, said in a statement that emergency rescue workers are going to southern Ukraine from Kiev. Vehicles, generators, mobile water treatment plants, water trucks and other equipment are also on the road. The volunteers of the Red Cross uninstally uninstalled assistance supplies in Nicholaev. Some military analysts warn not to be held accountable according to limited information.
Michael Coofman, a Russian research director in Alington, Virginia, said: "Is Russia's deliberate behavior or the result of negligence and previous dams of dams. It is too early to judge."
"No one eventually benefited from this disaster," Kovman also said. "Russia is responsible because it controls the dam, and its action in Ukraine has led to this result in some way."
But on Tuesday, the EU's highest diplomat, Hesep Boriel Fortis Represents This disaster represents "a new level of Russian atrocities." He posted on Twitter that "all commanders, perpetrators, and associates" will be responsible for this "violation" international humanitarian law.
Ukraine Foreign Minister Dmitro Kulba described the damage of the dam as " Ecological Extinction ”，他还说：“俄罗斯摧毁了卡霍夫卡大坝，可能造成欧洲几十年来最大的技术灾难，并使成千上万的平民处于危险之中。这是令人发指的战争罪行。”
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230607/ukraine-dam-destroyed-flood/ 
Brinken plans to visit China within the next few weeks. Previously, the trip to China was delayed due to the balloon event (Free Version) 
Author: Victor Reklaitis
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T02:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T02:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-06T22:57:00.000Z
Description: According to a number of public reports that quoted unnamed on Tuesday, US Secretary of State Brosky's plan to visit China in the next few weeks.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
According to a number of public reports on Tuesday, it was quoted unnamed, and US Secretary of State Brillin(Antony flashing)It is planned to visit China in the next few weeks.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%B8%83%E6%9E%97%E8%82%AF%E8%AE%A1%E5%88%92%E6%9C%AA%E6%9D%A5%E5%87%A0%E5%91%A8%E5%86%85%E8%AE%BF%E5%8D%8E-%E6%AD%A4%E5%89%8D%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E4%B9%8B%E8%A1%8C%E5%9B%A0%E9%97%B4%E8%B0%8D%E6%B0%94%E7%90%83%E4%BA%8B%E4%BB%B6%E8%80%8C%E6%8E%A8%E8%BF%9F-30524784 
Ukrainian New Carhofka Dam against the "nuclear disaster" barrier 
Author: 俄罗斯媒体, 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-07T02:25:14
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T02:25:14
Description: The New Carhofka Dam has important economic and strategic significance. It is one of the most important and biggest infrastructure projects in Ukraine. This attack has caused people's increasing attention to the impact and damage scale of its collapse and the scale of damage.
Images: [" 1-1686103684.png ", " 1-1686104213.jpg ", " 2-1686104366.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯']
Type: Article
 After the destruction
The New Carhofka Dam has important economic and strategic significance. It is one of the most important and biggest infrastructure projects in Ukraine. This attack has caused people's increasing attention to the impact and damage scale of its collapse and the scale of damage.
In the past few hours, the dam has entered the media circle strongly after being attacked last night. The following is the most important information related to this dam, as well as the expected impact of the dam attack, as follows:
Location and specifications 
 New Carhofka Dam of Hermuson, Ukraine

Ukrainian President of Ukraine accused Russia of "exploding" the new Carhofka power plant in Hermone's Hermuson region to flood the area and slow down the offensive of Ukraine.
The South Command of the Ukrainian Armed Forces said that the Russian army bombed the new Carhofka dam located in the Russian control zone in Ukraine.
On the other hand, today's Russian Channel website quoted Vladimir Lionevyev, the head of the New Carhofka Municipal Government, said that the water level in Hermuson Province in the lower reaches of the Dieber River rose 2.5 meters.
Russian officials believe that Kiev's response to the explosion is responsible and stated that power stations and dams were bombed by Ukraine, and stated that the attack was mainly targeted at the upper part of the hydropower station, where the valve was located, which caused it to be demolished.
destruction level 
New Carkka Mayor Vladimir Leionev said that the destruction of Hermone's New Carhofka Hydropower Station is very serious and pointed out that returning it to the initial state is like starting from scratch to build Same.
Russia Tasus quoted Leon Jayev's saying, "The degree of damage is very serious, and it cannot be said that it will be easy to recover. It is obvious that this requires the same construction process as from 1950 to 1956."
 Has Ukraine began to counterattack the Russian army?
Possible influence 
concerns about "nuclear disaster" 
After the dam was attacked, the Ukrainian presidential adviser Mikhaillo Podoliak warned that after the part of the new Carhofka dam at 150 kilometers from the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station was destroyed, Zapolo Power Generation Power Generation The risk of "nuclear disaster" in the factory is "rapidly increasing."
Podoliak said in a letter to a reporter, "The world is about to witness the nuclear disaster again, because the Zapolo Nuclear power plant has lost its cooling source, and this danger is now increasing rapidly."
However, the International Atomic Energy Agency confirmed that after the explosion, there was no "direct nuclear danger" in the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station.
International atomic agencies stated on Twitter that on -site experts of the agency are "closely monitoring the situation", and nuclear power plants use river water cooling reaction pile of core fuel.
Zapolo is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe and one of the 10 largest nuclear power plants in the world. It has 6 nuclear reactors.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/6/7/%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%96%b0%e5%8d%a1%e9%9c%8d%e5%a4%ab%e5%8d%a1%e5%a4%a7%e5%9d%9d%e6%8a%b5%e5%be%a1%e6%a0%b8%e7%81%be%e9%9a%be%e7%9a%84%e5%b1%8f%e9%9a%9c 
Carkhofka Dam exploded: Moscow and Kiev's Security Council accusations during the meeting, satellites showed huge damage and large -scale floods 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-07T02:34:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T02:51:44
Description: During the emergency meeting of the Security Council, Moscow and Kiev were blamed each other in the New Carhofka Dam in the Hermuson region in southern Ukraine. Representatives of the Ukraine Security Council confirmed that the damage of the dam has not threatened the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, which is complicated, but it is still within the controlled range.
Images: [" 1-1686106285.jpg ", " 2-1686104903.jpg ", " 3-1686104911.jpg ", " 4-1686104920.jpg ", " 5-1686104925.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Water flooded Hulson's large area(Reuters)On Wednesday, June 7, Moscow and Kiev were accused each other during the emergency meeting of the Security Council on the emergency meeting of the Security Council. Representatives of the Ukraine Security Council confirmed that the damage of the dam has not threatened the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, which is complicated, but it is still within the controlled range.
The dam that was destroyed on the Dieber River provided cooling water for the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station. The nuclear power plant is currently controlled by the Russian army and is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe.
The Ukrainian representative Sergei Kislizia confirmed that 11 of the 24 parts of the Carhofka Dam were destroyed. At present, the personnel evacuate in 27 areas near the dam and accused Russia for digging to open a big opening. The dam has exploded from the inside.
Kislizia also said that various signs showed that he said that Russia's "terrorist attack" Russia had planned for some time and called on the United Nations and rescue agencies Essence
 The dam is 3270 meters long, 30 meters high(Peninsula TV Station)
Russia denied 
On the other hand, the Russian Security Council representative Vasili Nirbianja denied Ukraine's allegations and stated that Kiev deliberately destroyed a very dangerous infrastructure.
He said that since last year, the leaders of the Ukrainian armed forces have publicly announced that they are preparing to explode the dam to seek military interests. He also pointed out that the West and Kiev launched a coordinated false publicity activity, saying that Russia bombed the dam.
At the beginning of the Security Council's meeting, Martin Griffith, deputy secretary -general of the United Nations in charge of humanitarian affairs, warned that the destruction of the Khahofka Dam had a serious and far -reaching impact on thousands of people in southern Ukraine.
He added that the scale of the Khahofka accident will be announced in the next few days.
The deputy representative of the US Security Council also said that the destruction of the Khahofka dam has triggered a devastating flood and affected the life of tens of thousands of people.
He added that the United States will support Ukraine self -defense. Russia must end human tragedy and point out that there are many dangers to bomb the dam.
huge destruction 
Satellite images taken by Maxartechnology (Maxartechnology) showed that a large area of floods occurred in southern Ukraine, and the new Khahofka dam and hydropower stations in the area were severely damaged.
The company said that more than 2,500 square kilometers of images between the new Carhofka and the Diebero Bay in the southwestern part of Hermuson City in Black Sea City showed that many towns and villages have been flooded.
The image shows that the houses and buildings are flooded in the water. In many images, they can only be seen in the roof, and the gardens, land and infrastructure are flooded.
Ukrainian President Zelei confirmed earlier that the attack on the dam will not affect the plan for Kiev's counterattack, which aims to recapture territory from the Russian army.
He said on Telegram that "the dam explosion did not affect the ability of Ukraine to occupy the land from his land." He also pointed out that he had communicated with the senior military leaders of his country and stated that the army was at the highest level of combat reserve. state.
 Part of Ukraine
International response 
In the response of the international community, NATO Secretary -General Yanus Stoltenberg condemned the behavior of destroying the dam and said it was outrageous. He also emphasized that "the destruction of the Carkka Dam today has caused thousands of civilians to be in danger."
As the Secretary -General of the United Nations Antonio Gutres says, the United Nations does not have information about the damage of the dam. However, it is obvious that as he said, what happened was another devastating consequences of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
On the other hand, Raphael Gronci, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, said that the Zaparo Nuclear Power Station is trying to draw the water to the cooling station and point out that the dam was severely damaged.
In a speech at the meeting of the atomic agency council held in Vienna this week, the damage of the dam that the damage of the dam "currently leads to 5 cm per hour per hour."
He pointed out that the water level in the dam was as high as 16.4 meters on Tuesday morning. He explained that if the water level drops below 12.7 meters, it will no longer be able to supply the cooling cycle of nuclear power stations through pumping, and only "a few days" will find solutions.
In Germany, German Chancellor Olaf Tumolz said that after the new Carhofka Dam was destroyed, his country was paying attention to the situation of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station.
In a speech at the 25th European Forum held by Berlin, Tsublitz said in a speech that Germany is working unremittingly to prevent the development of the nuclear power plant from developing to a dangerous stage, and pointed out that Europe will continue to support Ukraine in finance and military.
 Satellite images show that a large area of floods occur along the Nieber River
Nuclear danger 
Igor Sirota, the head of Ukraine Hydropower Station, announced that the power station connected to the dam is "completely destroyed". Russia's appointed power station leader Yuriychernychuk said, "At present, the security of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station is not threatened."
Chelnicus added that "the water level of the cooling pool has not changed, and the situation is still within the controlled range of the working group." It also explained that the water cooling system is not directly connected to the external environment and can be supplemented from other sources.
Ukrainian presidential adviser Mikhaillo Podolia said in a letter to reporters that "the world has discovered that it is on the edge of nuclear disasters again" because the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station "lost the cooling source, this danger is now now It is deteriorating quickly. "
 Floods sweeping Holson after the dam explosion(Reuters)
flood 
After the accident, the people of Hermone, the largest population center in the region, ran to a high place when the water level rose. Thanks to a dam and a hydropower station on the Dieber River, the water level was controlled.
Ukraine announced 17,000 people near the dam, and 24 villages were drowned by floods at that time. Ukrainian officials said approximately 16,000 people lived in the "risk zone" that might have flooded.
On the banks controlled by Russia, the mayor of New Carhofka, where the dam, said that the city had been flooded and 900 people had been evacuated. He pointed out that the authorities sent 53 buses to transport people from New Carhofka and two nearby regions to safe areas.
Video circulating on social media showed that Russia -controlled new Khahofka next to the dam was severe floods.In the same background, a regional officials appointed in Russia said on Tuesday that Oleshki, a small town on the bank of the Dieber River controlled by Russia, was almost overwhelmed.
The Russian executives appointed by Russia also stated that it is preparing for the withdrawal of three regions of Hola Prystan and Oleshki, which is from New Carhofka, and the latter two areas are located in Ukraine Control. Opposite the Dieberk River estuary opposite the regional capital of Hermone.
It is worth noting that in February 2022, the Russian army attacked Ukraine in February 2022 and fell into the Russian army within a few hours, including the Dam of Khahofka Hydropower Station.
The New Carhofka Dam was built in the 1950s and has strategic value. The dam was pumped into the Canal of the North Crimea. The canal starts from southern Ukraine and spans the entire Crimea Peninsula. This means that any problems in the dam will cause Crimea's water supply problem. Crimea has been under the control of Russia since 2014.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/6/7/%e5%8d%a1%e9%9c%8d%e5%a4%ab%e5%8d%a1%e5%a4%a7%e5%9d%9d%e7%88%86%e7%82%b8%e5%ae%89%e7%90%86%e4%bc%9a%e7%b4%a7%e6%80%a5%e4%bc%9a%e8%ae%ae%e6%9c%9f%e9%97%b4%e7%9b%b8%e4%ba%92%e6%8c%87%e8%b4%a3 
别指望政策猛药能救中国楼市 (Free Version) 
Author: Jacky Wong
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T02:34:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T02:34:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T02:34:00.000Z
Description: 现在看来，中国政府为楼市提供更多政策支持是可能的。 但投资者不应对该行业命运发生翻天覆地变化抱太大期望。复苏乏力仍是最可能的结果。
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000955750
Type: Article
对中国政府将给楼市提供 更多支持的希望 , Promoting developers' stocks have risen in recent days. However, investors should not deal with the fate of the industry.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%88%AB%E6%8C%87%E6%9C%9B%E6%94%BF%E7%AD%96%E7%8C%9B%E8%8D%AF%E8%83%BD%E6%95%91%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%A5%BC%E5%B8%82-82444750 
Apple Vision PRO value $ 3,500? 
Creator: BRIAN X. CHEN
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-07T03:38:35+08:00
Description: Times reporter tried this new product price of $ 3,500 at Apple Silicon Valley headquarters. This device has high -resolution videos, intuitive control and comfortable wearing sense, but it also makes people doubt: Why do we need it? Jim Wilson/The New York Times Apple released a new Vision Pro on Monday. The device will be launched next year.
Images: [" 06techfix-top... "]
Category: 科技
Type: Article
 On Monday, I was able to take a glimpse of the future calculation of Apple's conception. I tried to wear it for half an hour Vision Pro price price $ 3500 This is the company's first high -tech head wearing equipment, which will be released next year.
The feeling it left is halfway, including a lingering doubt.
On the one hand, the quality of this device left me a deep impression. Apple called it the beginning of the "space computing" era. In this era, digital data merged with the real world to release new functions. Imagine that wearing heads and equipment to assemble furniture, the instruction manual is projected by numbers to parts, or when cooking, the recipe is displayed on the corner of the eye.
Apple's device has high -resolution videos, intuitive control and comfortable wearing feel, than META , Magic Leap, Sony It has better experience in the company's wearing equipment in the past 10 years.
advertise
But after wearing this new device to see the photo and interact with the virtual dinosaur, I also think there are not many new things here to watch. This experience has triggered the sense of "dislike" that I have never had Apple products. I will introduce it later.
fitting and control 
Let me start from scratch. Apple released this header device on Monday This is the company's first major new product since the Apple Watch was released in 2015. I have been allowed to try the pre -production model of Vision PRO. Apple's staff took me to a private room at the company's Silicon Valley headquarters, and asked me to sit on the sofa to try it.
VisionPro looks like a ski goggle. It has a white USB line that can be connected to a silver battery in my jeans pocket. In order to wear it on my face, I turned a knob on the side of the device to adjust the comfort and fixed a nylon buckle on my head.
I press a metal button on the front of the device to open it. Then I completed a setting process, including looking at a mobile point so that the device can lock my eyeball. VisionPro has a series of sensors to track eye movements, gestures, and voice instructions, which are the main ways to control it. Looking at a icon is equivalent to hovering on the icon with a mouse lantern; if you press the button, you have to touch it with your thumb and your finger fingertips to make a pinch, which is equivalent to clicking the mouse.
The gesture of "pinch" is also used to capture and move applications on the screen. It is very intuitive. Compared to the competitive heading equipment, it usually needs to wield the supporting controller, and it feels not so clumsy.
advertise
But this has also triggered some problems. When playing games, what gestures can we wear equipment? Since Siri's voice transcription function on mobile phones is not good, how good is voice control? Apple is not sure which gesture operations will support, and it has not let me try voice control.
There are so many "many uses"? 
Then the application demonstration shows how this header -wearing device enriches our daily life and helps us keep in touch with others.
Apple first took me to see the birthday party photos and videos on the head. I can rotate the turntable near the front of VisionPro on the front of the time to make the background of the photo more transparent. Seeing the real world, including the apple employees around me; if it rotates it clockwise and reduce the transparency of the photo, I can immerse them.
Apple also asked me to open a meditation application in the header device. It will play three -dimensional animation, at the same time play soothing music, and a sound to indicate that I breathe. But meditation cannot make me prepare for the next thing: a video call.
A small window bounced out, and it was Facetime telephone notification from an apple employee wearing an apple employee. I stared at the answer button and pressed the phone.
advertise
Apple employees in the video call use a "character", which is her own three -dimensional animation incarnation, which is created by the head through scanning her face. Apple describes the video conference through the character as a more intimate way to communicate or even cooperate in the virtual space.
The facial expression of the Apple employee looks lifelike, and her mouth movement is synchronized with her speech. But because her avatar was rendered by digital technology, her face was uniform and without shadows. I could judge that this was false. It is like I am in the "Minority Report"(Minority Report)Wait for the holographic image seen in science fiction movies.
At the Facetime meeting, I and Apple employees should have cooperated in an application called Freeform to make a three -dimensional model. But I stared blankly and thought about everything I saw. During the epidemic, I was isolated most of my time, and three years later, Apple hoped that I would participate in a deep imitation video of a real person in essence. I can feel that I am closed. My "disgust" may be the "[Horror Valley] described by technical experts for a long time(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley)"It is a sense of uneasiness when humans see a machine that looks too much like humans.
A technical masterpiece? Yes. What do I want to use with others every day? May not be temporarily.
In order to draw an interesting end to the demonstration, Apple showed a simulation dinosaur. When I stretched out my hand, it moved to me. I have seen too many digital dinosaurs in virtual reality (in the past seven years, almost every wearing equipment manufacturer who made me a VR demonstration will show a Simulation of Jurassic Park ), I am not interested in this.
Real people 
advertiseDuring dinner, my wife and I talked about Vision Pro. I said that Apple's head and device look better than competing products. But I'm not sure if this is important.
Other head wearing devices from Meta and Sony PlayStation are much cheaper, and they are quite powerful and entertaining, especially when playing video games. However, whenever we invite guests to eat at home, they have lost their interest in less than half an hour. Because this experience makes them exhausted, they feel that they are disconnected from the group.
If they can twist the scales in front of the equipment, can they see the real world when wearing it? I suspect that this is still isolated, because they may be the only person in the room wearing it.
But for me, more importantly, the idea of contacting family, colleagues and others through Apple's head wearing equipment.
"Your mother is old," I said to my wife. "When you chat with her Facetime, are you more willing to see her deep imitation of the digital incarnation, or watch her mobile phone face your face from an awkward angle, talk to you under the bad picture quality?"
advertise
"The latter," she said without hesitation. "That's real. However, I want to see her more."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/technology/20230607/apple-vision-pro-headset-try/ 
The Chinese stock market has fallen, and investors are pessimistic about the prospects of economic recovery 
Creator: VIVEK SHANKAR
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-07T03:40:56+08:00
Description: The Chinese stock market shock has fallen, reflecting that the feasibility of China ’s economic recovery after the new crowns is becoming increasingly optimistic. Economists have lowered their expectations for growth. Xi Jinping's recent suppression of foreign companies has also harmed investors' confidence. Jade Gao/Age France-Presse-Getty Images, as the Chinese factory with the target of the economic direction, show data.
Images: [" 00china-stock... "]
Category: 商业与经济
Type: Article
 There is no need to consider such a bet. After nearly three years of popular blockade, China has reopened, and investors expect that the world's second largest economy will recover quickly. The Chinese stock market will soar.
But it's not the case now. This week, Chinese stocks traded in Hong Kong have entered a bear market briefly, down more than 20%from January high. The mainland stock market is also falling this year.
For a long time, China has been the driving force for global economic growth, but the decline in the stock market reflects that people's feasibility of China's recovery after the new crown is becoming increasingly optimistic. Although the geopolitical situation between China and the United States continues to be tight, the two countries still have inextricable connections in economics and business.
Teng Yan, an analyst at CMC Markets, New Zealand, said: "All signals from China show that the economic rebound has stumbled and difficult."
Beijing is dealing with consumer expenditures below expected, slowing house sales Unpredictable with manufacturing. Weakened currency Make the problem more complicated. It is not yet sure what actions of the Chinese government may take -if so -to support growth.
Last year, China has implemented blockade measures for many times due to the new crown epidemic, which has caused a heavy blow to the economy. The economic growth is 3%, which is the slowest growth rate in decades One is far lower than Beijing's own goals and the growth rate of 2021.
The real estate industry has always been the root cause of the pain of stock investors. Developers have bears heavy debt to become the characteristic of the industry. Qilai shen for the new york times
Last fall, the authorities introduced stimulus measures to support the real estate industry, which brought shock to the stock market. With the sudden end of the "clear zero" policy, another impact appeared in December. The stock market rose into a new year and reached its peak at the end of January.
In the first three months of this year, China's economy has increased 4.5% (Most of them are from consumption) and seem to be walking into the recovery track. In recent months, the expenditure has been strong, especially in luxury And food and beverage industry , But it is increasingly not to meet the expectations of investors. High -loss rate of young people Make the prospects even more bleak.
In Western countries and Inflation At the same time as struggle, China is dealing with the opposite of it and may be more harmful, that is, dragging the economy due to the sustainable low prices that suppress the company's profits and wages.
"Domestic demand is still weak," Teng Yan said.
advertise
Therefore, in recent weeks, many economists have lowered their expectations and led to the decline in the stock market. However, some analysts, including Nomura Securities and Barclays Bank analysts -still expected that the growth rate of domestic GDP this year will be higher than 5%of government forecasts.
People in the world's largest economy in the world are relatively low, but the performance of the US stock market is far better than China. The S & P 500 has risen by about 12%this year.
The CCP and its supreme leader Xi Jinping recently decided to hurt the stock market emotions. Customs with a consulting company that is associated with overseas Some foreign companies and investors panic, which once again caused people to question the feasibility of international companies' business in China.
Consumer spending has been strong in recent months, but it is getting lower and lower than the expectations of investors. Qilai shen for the new york times
"The recovery has stagnated, partly because Beijing cannot boost the confidence of consumers and business investors," the economist of Nomura Securities wrote in a report last month. "With the emergence of disappointment, we see that the risk of spiral decline risk rises, leading to weak activity data, rising unemployment rates, continuous deflation, decline in market interest rates and soft currencies."
However, some observers believe that investors have just misjudged the unprecedented re -opening up of the Chinese economy. And they ignored the authorities to put national security issues in economic issues The change above.
"The idea of China's economic management method has been completely different," said Liang Zhaoyi, chief Chinese economist of Star Fair Bank. He also said that the authorities are unlikely to respond to the stock market plunge by taking positive measures as in the past. Beijing's policy makers are more concerned about the vane of the economy and other economies. Liang Zhaoyi said that from this perspective, the Chinese economy is "not too outrageous."
advertiseAt present, investors continue to sell Chinese stocks. The largest losers this year, including online retailers Jingdong and Hot Pot Chain Haidilao, have fallen by more than 20%this year, prompting Hong Kong Hang Seng China Enterprise Index Thursday fell to the minimum closing level during the year. After rebounding on Friday, the index was about 17%lower than January. [CSI 300 Index] of the largest company in Shanghai and Shenzhen(https://www.csindex.com.cn/en/indices/index-detail/000300#/indices/family/detail?indexCode=000300)It has fallen by about 8%since January.
The real estate industry continues to make investors feel pain. According to data released by China Real Estate Information Group this week, the real estate sales of the 100 largest companies in May decreased by about 14%from the previous month.
China’s Real Estate Problem ——The developers are trapped in debt, leaving the loan buyers an unfinished apartment -leading to people expect that the People's Bank of China will have to cut interest rates this year.
Both Nomura Securities and Barclays all predict that in the three months of June, China's economic growth rate will increase significantly -close to 8%. According to the predictions of these two companies, the growth of the next two quarters this year will slow down to the earlier level this year.
In the process, analysts expect the stock market performance will improve. "Excessive pessimistic emotions usually modify themselves," Liang Zhaoji said.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/business/20230605/china-stocks-hang-seng-csi-300/ 
Why can't the Indian railway system that costs $ 30 billion in an annual cost of $ 30 billion to stop the tragedy? 
Creator: ALEX TRAVELLI
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-07T03:46:13+08:00
Description: India has been improving its infrastructure. The railway system is the main beneficiary, but funding for rail maintenance and other safety measures has been declining. The catastrophic accident that caused 275 people to die highlights the heavy consequences of these choices. Atul loke for the new York Times Sunday, the staff of the collision scene of the Indian three train collision accident.
Images: [" 04india-rail-... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 In India, the main industrial and political destiny is often associated with a huge, intertwined railway system. India puts a large number of public resources into a new train. However, for trains that have been running on the track, safety guarantee funds are much more tense. Essence
On Sunday, at least 275 people died in eastern India heavy train accident After that, these decisions became particularly concerned, which was the most serious railway accident in the country for many years. Investigators said that their focus was on the possibility of signal faults that caused the collision of three trains on Friday.
The authorities said that at the time of the accident, a row drove south to Jinsai City's passenger train at a speed of 128 kilometers per hour turning the wrong track, hitting a static truck Essence The accident also injured more than 1,100 people. The first train's derailment compartment then hit the second passenger trains driven to it, causing a terrible scene Essence
In the past few years, India has been unprecedentedly improving infrastructure in a state of riots for a long time, and Indian railways, which occupy the core position in the world's fifth largest economy, have always been the main beneficiary. In the previous fiscal year, the government spent nearly $ 30 billion on the railway system, an increase of 15%over the previous year.
advertise
But the costs used for basic track maintenance and other security measures have been declining. The Indian Audit Office (an independent agency) last year Report It is found that the funds allocated to the maintenance and maintenance of the line have decreased, and officials did not even spend all the funds reserved.
India has more than 20 million passengers on the railway every day, many of them are migrant workers. Politicians will not invest a lot of funds on the railway system. Prime Minister Narendra Modi does this, and he does not hesitate. This year, the Indian railway -one of the largest railway systems in the world -the budget was five times when he took office.
But Modi's most measures are not aimed at the basic steps required from one place to run from one place to another, but to improve the speed and comfort. He often praises new types of VANDEBHARAT electric trains connecting large cities and higher fares, and listed a high -speed railway project built with Japanese Shinkansen technology as priority, although it has no help to improve the lives of ordinary Indian passengers.
The Indian government said the investment was to help improve the experience of taking the Indian railway to the world -class level and attract overseas investment.
In April, Passenger at the Jamai Jetla Pati Hivaggi Railway Station. There are more than 20 million people on the railway every day in India. Atul loke for the new york times
However, according to the recently announced budget, the proportion of project expenditures for improving the safety of more than 13,000 old trains in India has been declining in total expenditure, and even the absolute value is declining.
Patti Muhopadier, a senior researcher at the New Delhi Policy Research Center, specifically mentioned a demand. "The signal function may require more attention," he said. "From a strategic point of view, signals are a kind of soft ability supplement. As we turn to a higher speed train, the signal will become more important."
advertise
Despite the severe casualties in the collision accident on Friday, India's railway travel is still much safer than ever.
In this country, the derailment accident was quite frequent. From 1980 to Century, an average of 475 occurred each year. According to the [File] submitted by railway officials at the World Disaster Management Conference(https://books.google.co.kr/books?hl=en&lr=&id=9Pi0EAAAQBAJ&oi=fnd&pg=PA250&dq=#v=onepage&q&f=false)In the ten years before 2021, this number dropped to more than 50.
India's railway safety has also been widely improved, and the number of serious accidents has steadily decreased: from more than 300 starting and landing 20 years ago to 22 fiscal year. By 2020, India has not died in a railway accident for two consecutive years. This is a milestone celebrating the Modi government. Until 2017, more than 100 passengers were killed every year in India.
Under the leadership of Modi, India has been spending a lot. The Ministry of Finance and the World Bank hope that private enterprises can follow the government's approach and inject more funds into the economy. The World Bank pointed out in a report in April that the Indian government's expenditure in achieving long -term goals "increased from the level before the epidemic." The transportation including the railway plays an important role in the surge in the expenditure.
"In the 21st century, for the rapid development of the country, the growth and reform of the railway are crucial," last year, Modi said at the completion ceremony of a railway line Essence "A nationwide railway reconstruction movement is in progress."
The World Bank is responsible for India's director of August Tonano Qumei, saying that high public expenditures in power distribution, new highways and railways will "attract" companies that pursue long -term returns to increase expenditure.
advertise
Three months ago, in order to promote local security technology, the Minister of Railways of India Ashvini Vaisshau Playing such a video ——The himself and the chairman of the Railway Bureau sat on the two columns that were about to collide. This is to show a new system called "Kavac", which means "armor".However, the Kavac system is only installed on a small number of trains in India. During the total mileage of about 64,000 kilometers, it only covered about 1448 kilometers. Trains that had a crash accident on Friday did not use the system. The opposition politicians and former Minister of Railway Marta Marta Banaja caught this.
"If there is this device on the train, this kind of thing will not happen," she told reporters.
Minister of Railway Waish -Some people have asked him to resign -refuted this view.
"This accident has nothing to do with the collision system," he said.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230606/india-rail-money-safety/ 
Lost independence, Internet violence and jumping off the building, who killed this mother (Free Version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T04:08:59+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T19:29:99+08:00
Description: Xu Jin: Mother's tragedy in Wuhan jumping off the building makes people reflect. Why is the Internet violence common? In addition to the help of social media, it is also the evil of human nature. Why do ordinary people do evil? How to reduce the dangers of cyber storms?
Images: [" 000183608_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '社会', '关注']
Keywords: ['社会', '网暴', '徐瑾经济人', '同理心', '人性']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
It didn't take long for Mother's Day, and a mother left the world, making people feel sad.
On June 2, a mother in Wuhan lost his 6 -year -old only child and was said to have subsequently suffered a Internet violence and jumped off the building from the high place on the 24th floor to commit suicide. In the time without news, this incident has detonated almost the attention of the whole people. What do you think?
This is undoubtedly a tragedy. The 6 -year -old child was crushed to death by the teacher who was driving on the campus, and his mother finally chose to commit suicide while asking the way. A series of tragedies naturally guide a problem, that is, who killed this mother? According to the current report, most people think that the reason is the Internet violence, but as far as the current disclosed materials are concerned, the logic of the Internet storm and suicide actually requires more information. But from this case, we might as well explore the formation mechanism of cyber storms.

Humanity: Ordinary people will also do evil
Other people else.
Why is cyber storm so common? It is generally that many people don't even think that their behavior is Internet storm. According to the most widespread definition of cyber violence, abuse, attack, insult, and slander are also considered. As long as the behavior of privacy, personal security, and their normal life threatening or some adverse effects are online storms.
The birth mechanism of cyber storms is closely related to the characteristics of the network. A major feature of the Internet is anonymous, which makes most people seem to have no psychological burden when doing evil. Many studies have shown that in anonymous, many people are more inclined to destroy rules. Another major characteristic of the Internet is the community, and any part is a crowd of the ocean -like sea. This makes Internet violence often do not consider themselves to be on the Internet storm, but stand on justice or power. , Secretly throwing a stone -but maybe in case of such possibilities, a post becomes a straw of the emotional collapse of the parties. After all, every snowflake is not innocent when the avalanche occurs.
In addition to the help of social media, behind the Internet storm is the manifestation of human evil. Human nature has a lot of yin. In fact, it is impossible to be tested. Under very cases such as war, it can be said that there will be evil under authoritative instructions, but in a state of non -war, it will actually be evil. In psychology, there was a famous experiment called Stanford Prison experiment, that is, simulated a prison, allowing a group of college student volunteers to guest prisoners and prison guards. The experiment lasted for two weeks. During this period, the prison guards must maintain order and have the right to do anything. The prisoners and prison guards are volunteers of college students. It can be said that everyone knows that everyone is here to conduct experiments. Originally, they thought that there was not much accident. It was nothing more than a game. However, in the experiment, the direction of the matter was unexpected, that is, the prison guards "worked hard" to do a lot of things. Punishment such as detained and tortured prisoners took turns. Practice. In this way, the experiment was forced to terminate in less than a week, because the situation continued to go out of control.
Although the Stanford Prison Experiment is in the era of the Internet, it vividly revealed a vividly, that is, how to make people addicted to it, and ordinary people will be happy to lose restraint. In the era of social media, the characteristics of human nature overlay network characteristics make it difficult to curb online storms.
Social media: Emotional amplifier 
Of course, criticism of Internet violence is easy, but it is difficult to prevent Internet violence, especially before the truth is completely restored.
To criticize the Internet violence, it is better to reflect on, why do Internet storms repeatedly appear? It can be said that there must be some mechanism behind this repetition -that is, social media is actually based on consumer emotions. To put it a little bit, whether this emotion is an entertainment carnival during the Internet violence, or the sense of justice of critical cyber storms, it is essentially emotional. Angry, anxiety, desire, etc., are the dark aspects of human emotions. The absorption of social media algorithms to absorb and magnify such emotions is its laws of survival. Don't talk about online storms. Most occupations exposed under social media often need to sacrifice some emotions. For example, the hottest live broadcast now looks like you can make money when you buy and buy in front of the camera. Emotional value. According to industry standards, the life cycle of a cargo anchor is only a few months. There are very few people who can surpass this cycle, and often pay a lot of money behind them.
Furthermore, the problem is not only for social media of consumer emotions, but also its single nature. For example, why can only such negative emotions be enlarged infinitely? Why is the correction function of different opinions, why is it exhausted? In other words, how can the mechanism of cyber storm be amplified? These issues have been investigated, and they have exceeded the category of Internet violence, pointing to the survival dilemma of our time.
Typhoon: How to face online storms 
When many people talk about other people's Internet storms, they always say that this is just online gossip, but this kind of remark actually ignores the strong lethality behind the Internet storm -when the mental backlog of tens of millions of people is on a person, the destruction is beyond excess. It is expected that suicide people are not all fragile.
Inside, I have to say that stereotypes have played a role. There are also tragedies like Wuhan's loss of independence abroad. When this kind of tragedy appears, the public actually has some psychological expectations. For example, in the expectations of Volkswagen, the family members of the victims seem to be sad. In this way, this is in line with the stereotypes of everyone in tragic characters, and it can also let the public sprinkle their sympathy. Conversely, family members are rational and correct their rights. This does not meet the stereotypes of the victims in the public impression, which often causes boundless doubts, whether for motivation or other. But in fact, for family members, after encountering tragedy, choosing to restrain sadness and defending their rights is actually more difficult, but it is also more correct -it can be said that the previous performance of Wuhan's mother is very decent. But it is likely that this decent restraint stimulates the audience who looks forward to seeing tears and collapse. The problem is that family members do not exist in order to satisfy the public's cheap sympathy. The first goal is to pursue justice, even if this fairness often appears in the form of compensation.
When it comes to cyber storms, it is imperative to improve the network environment, and it is more important to establish a tolerant public opinion environment than measures such as the titles. The tolerance environment can encourage more rational and kind voices to emerge. In every social hotspot, you can expect that these rational and kind voices will eventually win and play a role in eliminating disinfecting and correction.
In the current environment, it is difficult to improve macro improvement overnight. For individuals, it may be more meaningful to improve from the micro -improvement. The Internet always has memories, and social media is always invading our lives, so it is necessary to cultivate a healthy social media habit. Understand social media characteristics and risks, beware of personal privacy and information leakage, and prevent mobile phones from being obsessed with mobile phones. Many parents have advice on their children, but in fact, parents themselves should comply with these suggestions.You may know who this foreigner is, but in reality, it does not necessarily need to be so great to stand up. Sometimes the greatness may be that you do n’t do anything. Human nature is malicious, but many times the human nature is also kind. A benign society needs to surpass the cooperation and trust of the acquaintance society. This is the so -called "compassion of strangers" by writers. ** Note: This article only represents the author's own point of view. Xu Jin is the "important economy" in the WeChat public account.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099881 
13 million students college entrance examination for forty years to record the whole society to provide services to candidates for candidates 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T04:09:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T12:35:48-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On June 7, nearly 13 million middle school graduates participated in the college entrance examination, which was the largest number of people in China for more than 40 years. Police were ordered to provide students with various conveniences. Associated Press data chart Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/kejiaowen/gt1-0607202307.html/@stream Nearly 13 million Chinese candidates participated in the college entrance examination on Wednesday. Related topics appeared on the Weibo hot search list. Each portal website issued the latest news about the college entrance examination. The parents of the students hope that their children will win, and the police will also solve their problems for candidates and turn on the green lights. However, some scholars believe that the Chinese -style education and college entrance examination systems have problems that cannot be ignored.
After the clearance is over, the first college entrance examination can decide whether to wear a mask by themselves * From Hengshui Second Middle School to Henan Yasheng Sisi authoritarian violence, why do you run across the campus? 
On Wednesday morning (7th), the annual college entrance examination kicked off every year. There are more than 14,000 candidates in Haidian District, Beijing, and the number of candidates accounts for about a quarter of the city, ranking first in the city. There are 24 test sites in Haidian District and 482 formal test rooms. According to the police, the intelligent test paper tracking system was installed in advance on each test paper. Entering the vehicle, the shipping, and delivery test point from the test paper, the test center will be returned in real time.
Beijing independent scholar Wu Qiang said in an interview on the day that this year was the "Cultural Revolution" this year, and the number of people participating in the college entrance examination has been resumed for more than 40 years since the "Cultural Revolution". He said that for the parents of the students, this was carried out in the case of difficulty in the employment situation of undergraduate graduates.
He said: "Young people are going to college now, will they face the same employment difficulties four years later? Especially for parents, facing the break of middle -class production, just like we have seen a lot of news this year. Migrant workers, worked hard to send their children to college. As a result, the graduated children re -engaged in their father's occupation and the occupation of urban migrant workers, such as sending takeaways. "
Some students went to the wrong test room, and the police arranged for the candidate to transfer the examination room. (Weibo screenshot/ancient pavilion) Candidates who sent the police officer to the wrong test room 
According to reports, on June 7, a candidate who took the wrong test room was escorted by the Beijing traffic police car and iron cyclone and successfully sent it to the examination room. In Luoyang, Henan, a candidate found that he had walked the wrong test room. The Luoyang Police Iron Riding Brigade dispatched two motorcycles and sent the candidates to the candidates in ten minutes. In Hefei and Xuancheng, Anhui, some candidates lost their admission ticket. The Hefei police opened a "green channel" and made a temporary ID card for him in just ten minutes.
On the other hand, at the entrance of the 26th middle school entrance examination site in Xi'an City, Shaanxi, parents spontaneously put on cheongsam to discuss candidates a good color to start.
Wu Qiang believes that in fact, there is great contradictions and conflicts between the emerging middle class and reproduction of the Chinese college entrance examination and the national elite production. It has reflected and exploded with the decline of education and training, real estate and other industries, and the white paper revolution.
Some scholars believe that there are many problems in China's education system, and the most prominent of which is the college entrance examination system. The college entrance examination pays too much attention to scores and ignores the training of students' comprehensive quality. Many students give up opportunities for other extracurricular activities, social practice and other opportunities to pursue good results. This has led to their lack of innovative spirit and practical ability, and it is difficult to compete for various tasks after entering college or workplace.
Chinese students have been in the cold windows for ten years, waiting for the college to be admitted to college, and they have suffered great psychological pressure. (Weibo screenshot/ancient pavilion) Some subjects in the university are detached from reality for learning. 
Feng Chongyi, an associate professor of the University of Science and Technology of Sydney (UTS) in Australia, believes that most people in China, especially farmers, generally believe that the college entrance examination is the only way to change destiny, so it is huge, but the employment prospects of students after graduation are dim. He said to this station: "Reading back in a few years, there is no advantage, and many majors are not supported now, especially some so -called 985 colleges are still designed with learning curriculum, so it is not adapted to society. Can't find the corresponding job. "
Feng Chongyi said that in China, if students are not admitted to college, they may be included in the so -called low -end population. In contrast, there is at least opportunities for admission to college.Mr. Wang said that the Chinese education system is the continuation of the imperial examination system, which is incompatible with the needs of today's era. The government should carry out reforms to meet the development needs of the times, and should pay attention to cultivating students' comprehensive quality and innovative spirit.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/kejiaowen/gt1-06072023040907.html 
The World Bank warns that the global economy is still unstable, and this year and next year have grown slowly 
Creator: ALAN RAPPEPORT
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-07T04:28:40+08:00
Description: In the latest report, the World Bank warned that due to the rise in interest rates to slow consumer expenditure and corporate investment, and threatened the stability of the financial system, the global economy will grow slowly in the past two years. But the bank made a more optimistic prediction of China's economic trends. Charlotte de La Fuente for the New York Times Factory. Rising interest rates may slow down the output of industries around the world, both in developed or developing economies.
Images: [" 06dc-globalec... "]
Category: 商业与经济
Type: Article
 The World Bank said on Tuesday that the global economy is still in a "unstable state" and warned that the economy will grow slowly today, because the rise in interest rates has slowed consumer expenditure and corporate investment, and threatened the stability of the financial system.
The Winjin forecast made by the World Bank in the latest "Global Economic Outlook" report highlights the dilemma faced by global policy makers. They try to curb stubborn inflation by increasing interest rates. The supply chain continues to be turbulent.
The World Bank is expected to slow from 3.1%in 2022 to 2.1%this year. This is slightly higher than the 1.7%of its January forecast, but now it is expected that the output will rise to 2.4%in 2024, which is lower than the 2.7%predicted by the World Bank.
Aihan Cos, Deputy Economist of the World Bank Group Group, said: "The global economy we saw earlier this year is fading, and the days in front of them may be dark."
Cos said that the world economy is undergoing "sharp and synchronized global slowing", and 65%of the country's growth will be lower than last year. The poor fiscal management of low -income countries dependent on loans has made the problem more complicated. According to the World Bank data, 14 of the 28 low -income countries are in debt dilemma or are facing high risks in debt dilemma.
The recent pressure of the United States and European banking industry has led to the closure of banks with the largest scale since the financial crisis in 2008, diluing the optimistic emotions of this year's economic rebound. Farewell to the health status of the banking industry has prompted many lenders to stop providing credit to enterprises and individuals. The World Bank stated that this phenomenon may further drag economic growth.
The bank also warned that the rising loan costs of rich countries have brought additional resistance to the poorest economy in the world. The former includes the United States, which has exceeded 5%for the first time in 15 years in 15 years.
The report warned that the most vulnerable economy faced a greater risk of financial crisis due to rising interest rates. Higher interest rates make the cost of repaying loans in developing countries. If its currency depreciates, the cost of imported food is higher.
In addition to the risks brought about by rising interest rates, the common role of major epidemics and the conflict of Ukraine has made the global poverty reduction fields retreating for decades. The World Bank estimates on Tuesday that by 2024, the revenue of the most poor countries will decrease by 6%compared to 2019.
The report states: "Today's emerging markets and development economies are just supporting support. They have been deprived of funds for creating employment opportunities and providing basic services to the most vulnerable citizens."
The World Bank also sees that developed economies generally slow down. In the United States, it is expected to increase by 1.1%this year and 0.8%in 2024.
China is an obvious exception to this trend. After several years of strict new crowns, the re -opening up of China's economy is supporting global growth. The bank is expected to increase by 5.6%this year and will increase by 4.6%next year.
It is expected that inflation will continue to slow this year, but the World Bank is expected that by 2024, the prices of many countries will still be higher than the central bank's goal.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/business/20230607/world-bank-projections/ 
After 7 years, Iran re -open the embassy in Shawi 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T04:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T04:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Riyad, 6th) After 7 years of closure, Iran restarts today's Arab Embassy in Saudi Saudi. In March of this year, the two countries agreed to restore diplomatic relations and re -painted diplomatic territories in this area.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Iranian ambassador returned to its old embassy in the Riyadh diplomatic zone, not far from the Syrian embassy. After the Syrian Syrian Embassy in Syria is expected to restart in the near future.
Iran's Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Alirezabigdeli, said at the flag -raising ceremony: "We think today is an important day in the Iranian Islamic Republic and the Saudi Arab Kingdom. The cooperation between the two countries is entering a new era."
In 2016, the Saudi State broke her diplomatic relations with Iran. In March this year, the two countries agreed to restart the embassy and committed to restoring bilateral relations.
The Sand Embassy Tour visited the Iranian capital in April, but has not yet confirmed when to open an embassy in Tehran, and has not appointed Ambassador candidates.
The Iranian Embassy is reopened, and the US Secretary of State Antony Blinken visits the Saudi Kingdom. This oil -rich kingdom has been establishing a closer relationship with the opponent of Washington.
In 2016, the Saudi Land settled Nimr Al-Nimr, which detonated the dispute between the two countries. At that time, the Iranian demonstrations attacked the Saudi Embassy in the Tehran and the consulate of Mashhad, a northwest city, caused the Riyad authorities to break the diplomatic relations with Iran.
Saudi and Iran were interrupted in the case of fierce opposition 7 years ago. After mediation in China, the two countries announced on March 10 this year.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E6%97%B6%E9%9A%947%E5%B9%B4-%E4%BC%8A%E6%9C%97%E9%87%8D%E6%96%B0%E5%BC%80%E6%94%BE%E9%A9%BB%E6%B2%99%E4%B9%8C%E5%9C%B0%E5%A4%A7%E4%BD%BF%E9%A6%86 
Pirelli CEO seeks to restrict China's influence on the company (Free Version) 
Author: Eric Sylvers
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T04:45:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T04:45:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T03:33:00.000Z
Description: The CEO of Italian tire manufacturer Beauty hopes that the Italian government will help restrict the influence of Chinese state -owned investors Sinochem's influence on the company and warn that the company's independence is threatened.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000956238
Type: Article
Italian tire manufacturer Pirellius(Pirelli)The CEO hopes that the Italian government will help restrict the influence of a Chinese state -owned investor on the company and warn that the company's independence is threatened.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%80%8D%E8%80%90%E5%8A%9Bceo%E5%AF%BB%E6%B1%82%E9%99%90%E5%88%B6%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%AF%B9%E8%AF%A5%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8%E7%9A%84%E5%BD%B1%E5%93%8D%E5%8A%9B-dce7e6ee 
Sequoia Capital will separate China and the United States business 
Author: Jing Yang / Eliot Brown
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T04:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T04:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-06T23:00:00.000Z
Description: Sequoia Capital announced that it will separate China's business from the US business, highlighting the competition between China and the United States around the next generation of cutting -edge technology innovation. Sequoia Capital said that it will be split into three independent companies before March 2024, operating in the United States, India and China.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000955472
Type: Article
Sequoia Capital, which is well -fame in the technology investment community(Sequoia Capital)It is announced that China and the United States' business will be separated, highlighting China and the United States Focusing on the next generation of cutting -edge technology innovation, who controls who controls is increasingly fierce.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E9%A3%8E%E6%8A%95%E6%9C%BA%E6%9E%84%E7%BA%A2%E6%9D%89%E8%B5%84%E6%9C%AC%E5%B0%86%E6%8A%8A%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E4%B8%9A%E5%8A%A1%E4%BB%8E%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E4%B8%9A%E5%8A%A1%E4%B8%AD%E5%88%86%E7%A6%BB%E5%87%BA%E6%9D%A5-778011ba 
The purchase restrictions on first -tier cities in China is expected to relax Shanghai's real estate and rental markets to shrink 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T05:31:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:11:40-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The recording video of Shanghai real estate industry describes the community where foreigners have gathered now, and they are now empty. After a large number of browsing, the video is deleted and explained. Network screenshot Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/GT2-06072023053052.html/@@stream China's property market continued to cool down in May. According to data released by market monitoring agencies, the transaction area of the first -tier cities in May in May decreased by nearly 13%month -on -month. People in the industry in Shanghai said that there are almost ten rooms where people live in and at home and abroad, and the same situation has occurred in commercial office buildings, and the market depression exceeds expectations.
The property market stimulates the economy inadequate to subsidize the price reduction of car companies in many places in China * "600 million houses" to discuss the precedent for taxation? 
The transactions of the property market in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen continued to fall. According to reports, data released by market monitoring agencies show that the transaction area of the first -tier cities in May in May decreased by 12.8%month -on -month, and only Guangzhou rose slightly from the previous month. According to data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the overall transaction of the property market in April has fallen significantly. From the perspective of first -tier cities, the decline in the property market is very obvious, and there is also differentiation.
As the wind direction of the property market, Shanghai has recently fallen further. People insiders in the local real estate industry said that after Xiaoyangchun this year, second -hand housing began to decline significantly, from 24,000 units in March, decreased to 15,300 units in May. In the current market, a house with a total price of about 3 million, the price difference between the listing price and the transaction price is about 100,000 to 200,000, such as the listing of 3 million, and the final selling price may be 2.8 million.
A Shanghai real estate industry appeared in the middle of the road this week. In the video, he said: "I don't rent it. I know that foreigners have gone. In the past, Yongkang Road was all foreigners. You have to separate people in it, all foreigners. Now there are no foreigners, all Chinese. In the past, Mingyuan Century City, Jiali Garden, Huijingyuan, and Wutong Garden over there. Thousands, two, 30,000 or 40,000 houses are all foreigners. Now these houses are empty. "
The above video was viewed by 15 million times in a day. The publisher said on Tuesday that because the view was too large, he was worried that it would have a bad impact on the public and took the initiative to take it back.
A residential building in Beijing (Reuters) ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-07T05-31-00-04-00/000003.png) The merchant moves away from the office building and turns to cheap housing 
Xue Yating, a person in the real estate industry in Shanghai, told this station that many merchants moved away from office buildings to seek cheap units to continue their operation: "Now everyone is in a state of panic, you have seen big data on the Internet. About 10,000 yuan and thousands of dollars are in short supply. It may be that businesses want to move to cheap places, and large units cannot be rented. I have not disclosed it online in this regard. "
The NetEase public account "Uncle Han Chat Investment" sent a video saying that the vacancy rate of office buildings in Shanghai is now high: "Now the vacancy rate is high, listening to my friend said that a company was rented out in a office building near their company. Before Zhou, I visited a relatively old office building in Huangpu District. The location was very good. On the side of Nanjing West Road, the high floors could overlook the Bund. The price was affordable. I can't see a few companies, a depression. "
Official media promotes first -tier cities' real estate loosening 
The China Economic Times reported on Tuesday (6th) that the real estate restrictions on first -tier cities should be adjusted in a timely manner. It is reported that with the gradual establishment of the "housing and not stir -fry" mechanism, adjustments such as restrictions on purchase restrictions should be "optimized" in a timely manner until the exit, and it should be replaced with a stable and institutionalized long -term mechanism. In this regard, some comments believe that in the face of the depression of the current real estate market, first -tier cities may relax the restrictions on house purchase.
However, businessman Lin believes that as foreign companies evacuate the headquarters from Shanghai, many foreigners leave. Even if he was a high education, he couldn't find a job. He said to this station: "It's not good or bad. It is not good. The children of several non -staple food shop owners at the door graduated from college. , I ca n’t find a job for more than a year. I washed the dishes in the restaurant at home to help the guests. This economic environment will become worse and worse, because the Communist Party cannot change the status quo. "
At present, some second -tier cities have started a new round of loosening real estate policy, such as relaxation restrictions, provident fund policies, and house purchase subsidies.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Xu Shuting, Chen Meihua, Jiayuan.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/gt2-06072023053052.html 
Christie to the White House Trump Republican opponent plus one more 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T05:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T05:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 6th) The former governor of New Jersey, the former Governor of New Jersey, announced the compete for the 2024 presidential election today. He positioned himself as a political fighter and said that he was the only Republican candidate who was willing to seriously compete with former President Trump. Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chris Christie announced that it had submitted relevant documents to the Federal Election Commission before the cities in southern Hammers, Manchester, in the evening, and had submitted to the Federal Election Commission.
According to polls, Trump's popularity was the first in the 2024 presidential candidate's nomination of the Presidential candidate in 2024.
Christie, 60, was born in New Walk, New Jersey. Seven years ago, he was ranked 6th in the New Hampshire primary voting rate of New Hampshire, which has always been regarded as a US election. He finally chose to support Trump and serve as the main main main The consultant, the two later turned over because Trump refused to accept the results of the 2020 election.
Christie has begun to aim at his former comrade -in -arms Trump. He said last month that Trump did not want to debate with his opponent who was willing to be serious with him because he was "scared."
Trump said he may skip at least one in the previous two Republican primaries, because he does not want to share the focus of the media with competitors with low votes.
Christie told the conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt: "If he really cares about this country, I am deeply doubtful, but if he really cares about the country, he will stand up and debate, and he should not be afraid. "
Christie's artillery fire launched Trump, emphasizing that Trump is facing a criminal investigation of continuously upgrading, refuting his false allegations of the fraud on elections, and because of Trump's enthusiasm for the invasion of Ukraine against Russia, he said that he was "Puting's of Puting's. puppet".
Johnellis, the person in charge of Fox News, told AFP that although the current situation in various aspects is conducive to Trump, the Chrusti may allow Trump, the highest poll. The selection of people fell into the wind.
"Because he will attack Trump ruthlessly." The mainstream media will significantly report Christie's campaign, which may help him get good results in the New Hampshire primaries. "
Former US Vice President Mike Pence also submitted a candidate document yesterday to form a rare situation, and Pence, who served as deputy in Trump, will now become his opponent.
Police surveys show that Trump's support rate is far ahead among Republican primary competitors, winning more than 30 percentage points in Florida Governor Rondesantis. As for the support rate of other candidates, the support rate has not reached double digits.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E5%85%8B%E9%87%8C%E6%96%AF%E8%92%82%E9%97%AE%E9%BC%8E%E7%99%BD%E5%AE%AB-%E5%B7%9D%E6%99%AE%E5%85%B1%E5%92%8C%E5%85%9A%E5%86%85%E5%AF%B9%E6%89%8B%E5%86%8D%E5%8A%A0%E4%B8%80 
Britain will demolish Chinese -made monitoring equipment (Free Version), which is sensitive government places 
Authors: ['杨缘', '露西•费希尔']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T05:47:03+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T01:46:99+08:00
Description: The British government promises to release the timetable that according to the timetable, the monitoring equipment manufactured by Chinese enterprises including Dahua and Hikvision will be demolished from sensitive places.
Images: [" 000183647_pic... "]
Themes: ['海康威视', '关注']
Keywords: ['海康威视', '大华', '英国政治', '监控设备', '中英关系', '高端专享']
Type: Article
 British Cabinet Office(CabinetOffice)All Chinese companies that will be installed in sensitive places in the central government departments, including Dahua, will be required to install sensitive places(Dahua)Hekang Weisan(Hikvision)—— The monitoring equipment manufactured is demolished to restrict the collection of intelligence in Beijing.
The British Cabinet Office announced the decision on Tuesday, saying that the British government "promised to release the timetable, and the sensitive central government venue was installed by the China National Intelligence Law(National Intelligence Law)The monitoring equipment produced by the restrained enterprise will be demolished according to this timetable. "
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099885 
Book review: How is the British setting on the world stage (Free Version) 
Authors: ['约翰•桑希尔']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T05:50:55+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T01:50:99+08:00
Description: The book of Ashton's "Blueprint of All Things" tells how Anmou has become the technology of "the neutral Switzerland in the semiconductor field" and authorizes it to major chip manufacturers around the world.
Images: [" 000183625_pic... "]
Themes: ['观点', '半导体', '关注']
Keywords: ['半导体', '芯片', '安谋', '软银', '创新经济', '产业政策']
Type: Article
 In February this year, ARM, headquartered in Cambridge, England (ARM, is called "Advanced RISC Machine"(Advanced RISC Machine)) Created a great record: Computer chips using its semiconductor design have reached a amazing number of 250 billion pieces, and this number is still increasing at a rate of 1,000 pieces per second. These chips drive almost everything in our digital economy, from smartphones to cars to data centers.
The industry is led by the United States and Asian science and technology giants. In the country, the small market is one of the few British technology companies in this industry. James Ashton(Jamsar)In this vivid and interesting book about this company's history, "The products of this British company have pulled hundreds of billions of times with data from all over the world, and it has little attention outside the industry. "
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099886 
The two Republican Senators pushed the "Gene Law" to fight against the CCP's threat to collect American citizenship gene data 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T06:23:38+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-06 22:23:38Z
Description: The two Republican Senators once again launched a bill about protecting genetic data to resist the threat of the Communist Party of China to collect US citizenship data.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '国会报道', '健康', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/rubio-cornyn-reintroduce-the-gene-act-countering-ccp-threat-to-collect-genomic-data-20230606/7125760.html 
The new selection 5 of the United Nations Security Council is very appointed by Belarus. Belarus was rejected outside the door 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T06:32:06+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T06:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, the United Nations of New York, 6th) Algeria, Gaia, the Republic of Lion Mountain, South Korea and Slovenia were selected as a very important member of the United Nations Security Council today, which has been calculated since New Year's Day in 2024 and has a term of two years. Russia's allies Belarus was rejected outside the door.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The United Nations Security Council consists of 15 member states, of which five countries are permanent members of veto power, namely Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States. In addition, the seats of 10 very important members are allocated to all regions, each with two years each, and the five countries have replaced the five countries each year.
The UN Security Council Conference selected Slovenia as a very member of the Eastern Europe as a result of 153 votes in favor of 153 votes and objection to 38 votes.
"Human Rights Watch" LouisCharbonneau, director of the United Nations, said: "Today's conference shows how important the competition in the United Nations elections is ... UN member states have undoubtedly determined that Belarus has seriously violated human rights in China and for Russia for Russia. Covering the atrocities committed in Ukraine, so they are not qualified to serve in the important human rights defense institution in the Security Council. "
Algeria and Lion Mountain will represent Africa, South Korea represents the Pacific region of Asia, and Gaiana represents Latin America and the Caribbean.
These five new members will replace Albania, Brazil, Garpen, Ghana, and the Grand Principles of Arabia. The other five current members are Ecuador, Japan, Malta, Mo Sangbi, and Switzerland.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E8%81%94%E5%90%88%E5%9B%BD%E5%AE%89%E7%90%86%E4%BC%9A%E6%96%B0%E9%80%895%E9%9D%9E%E5%B8%B8%E4%BB%BB%E7%90%86%E4%BA%8B%E5%9B%BD-%E7%99%BD%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E8%A2%AB%E6%8B%92%E4%BA%8E%E9%97%A8%E5%A4%96 
Holding suspicion of the Chinese Police Agreement, Fiji considered completely canceled 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T07:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T06:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Wellington, 7th) Fiji Prime Minister Sitiveni Rabuka said today that his government is re -reviewing a police agreement with China to consider whether it will completely cancel it.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China and Fiji signed a memorandum in 2011, allowing the police from the South Pacific country to receive training in China, and the Chinese police were sent to Fiji to implement an internship plan for 3 to 6 months.
However, after the Labca United government took office 6 months ago, he held a more doubtful position on the tight bilateral relations of Fei Zhong.
In January of this year, Labca told the local media that he could not see the need for this Chinese police agreement to continue. But he did not make a decisive decision at the time.
During the visit to Labcca today in New Zealand, it was hinted that the agreement between Fiji and China is currently being put on hold so that the discussion work can continue.
Labka told reporters in Wellington: "When we came to power (we took power), I said at the time that if the values and systems are different, what kind of cooperation can we achieve from their (China)?"
"We must review it again to decide whether to go back, or the road of continuing to the past and the cooperation with similar democratic values, legislation, law enforcement systems, etc."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E5%AF%B9%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E8%AD%A6%E5%AF%9F%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E6%8A%B1%E6%8C%81%E6%80%80%E7%96%91%E6%80%81%E5%BA%A6-%E6%96%90%E6%B5%8E%E8%80%83%E8%99%91%E5%BD%BB%E5%BA%95%E5%8F%96%E6%B6%88 
On the anniversary of the World War II All -in -law, Austin's landing on Norman was compared with the Ukraine Anti -Russia War. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (巴布)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T07:02:40+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-06 23:02:40Z
Description: When thousands of people walk on the Normandy Beach, France, and commemorate those who fought in the Second World War to liberate Europe, US Secretary of Defense Lauud Ostein will make the Normandy land than Ukraine from Russia. The battle liberated in the hands of the invaders.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '美国', '军事', '乌克兰局势']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/austin-draws-parallels-between-d-day-war-in-ukraine-on-wwii-allied-invasion-anniversary-20230606/7125779.html 
Huaying: The United States has mastered Ukraine's planning to attack Beixi Pipeline before the incident 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T07:15
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T07:15
Description: The Washington Post quoted the information leaked on the Internet stating that three months before the U.S. natural gas pipeline occurred in Beixi, it had already mastered the Ukrainian conspiracy to plan to attack the Beixi pipeline. This attack took place in September last year. U.S. officials have previously told the New York Times that they think ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国中央情报局', '乌克兰', '华盛顿邮报', '情报']
The Washington Post quoted the information leaked on the Internet stating that three months before the U.S. natural gas pipeline occurred in Beixi, it had already mastered the Ukrainian conspiracy to plan to attack the Beixi pipeline.
This attack occurred in September last year Essence
U.S. officials have previously told the New York Times that they believe that pro -Ukrainian groups should be responsible for the Beixi attack. U.S. officials recently said that a series of secret attacks are some of the pro -Ukrainian groups who indirectly listened to the Ukrainian government, including Beixi attacks.
But an intelligence published on the Discord platform and by the Washington Post shows that before the American and European allies were attacked by the Beixi pipeline, the Beixi pipeline was known to be the goal that Ukraine wanted to start. Plan the specific details of the diver and the use of deep water equipment.
The Washington Post reported on Tuesday (June 6) that in June last year, the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) learned through a European spy agency that a six -person group from Ukraine Special Forces plans to explode from Russia to Germany from Russia to Germany This offshore natural gas pipeline.
The Air Force National Guard, who has been charged with a large number of American intelligence documents, Tesyra (Jackteixeira), shared the information on the social media platform Discord. "Washington Post" said a copy of intelligence from a netizen in Tessira.
This intelligence is based on the information provided by a Ukrainian. The Central Love Bureau shared this information with Germany and other European countries in June 2022.
It is reported that officials of many countries have confirmed that information published in Discord accurately explained the information obtained by the China Intelligence Agency from a European intelligence agency.
The Washington Post agrees to do not disclose the name of the European intelligence agency and some information that destroys the Beixi pipeline plan in accordance with the requirements of government officials. The reason is that the source and authorities are risky.
The Central Love Bureau did not immediately respond to the comments request.
White House spokesman Cerbin was asked about the "Washington Post" report that the investigation of the Beixi attack was continuing. He said: "What we do not want to do is to publish any comments here before the investigation results come out."
The leakage incident of Beixi natural gas pipeline occurred on September 26, 2022. The Beixi Natural Gas Pipeline Project, where Russia transports energy to Germany, exploded on the same day at the same day, located on the same day, located on the same day, located on the same day, located on the same day. Two pipelines are usually maintained by Russian Natural Gas Industry Co., Ltd.
After the explosion, the United States, the European Union, NATO, and Russia all refer to explosion is caused by human damage Essence In a conversation with Turkish President Erdogan, Russian President Putin stated that Beixi natural gas pipelines have suffered unprecedented international terrorist attacks.
The Beixi No. 1 Pipeline was completed in 2011. It starts from Russia's Veority in the east and leads to Germany via the Baltic sea. The Beixi No. 2 Pipeline was completed in 2021. It is basically parallel to Beixi 1 and has not yet been put into use, but there is a natural gas seal.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401898 
Apple Corporation called Ban Meta, trying to create a explosive device for the first time (Free Version) 
Author: Meghan Bobrowsky / Aaron Tilley
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T07:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T07:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T05:14:00.000Z
Description: Apple's head -of -wear equipment starts at $ 3,499, and will compete with Meta and more cheaper products.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000949088
Type: Article
Apple(Apple, AAPL)Newly released hybrid reality(MR)The header -dressed device is betting, and the future of calculation is the Yuan universe. Many other companies also have the same point of view.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%8B%B9%E6%9E%9C%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8%E5%8F%AB%E6%9D%BFmeta-%E5%8A%9B%E4%BA%89%E6%89%93%E9%80%A0%E7%88%86%E6%AC%BE%E5%A4%B4%E6%88%B4%E5%BC%8F%E8%AE%BE%E5%A4%87-76d1392d 
American climate special envoy Kerry warned that the world's 10 billion population will be "unbearable" 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T07:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T07:20:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Oslo, Oslo, comprehensive foreign news on the 6th) American climate special envoy Kerry said that the world population is estimated to reach 10 billion by 2050, and it will be unbearable.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Since November last year, the global population has officially exceeded 8 billion, more than three times in 1950. This number has imbalanced food and energy supply and demand. The United Nations predicts that the global population will increase to 9.7 billion in the middle of this century.
John Kerry said in an interview with the media today: "I personally think that the situation will be discharged. We need to figure out how to deal with perpetual problems, and how many people we can raise on the earth."
Global warming is deteriorating this problem. The Parisagreement Agreement in 2015 with a milestone significance in various countries agrees to control the global average heating in the range of up to 2 degrees Celsius compared with the previous industrial era, and strives to pursue continuity to reduce reduction. Within 1.5 degrees Celsius.
The production of foods for 8 billion people accounts for more than 1/4 of the gas emissions of greenhouses. Breeding livestock, waste of food and forest cutting further exacerbate climate warming problems, and warming also leads to drought, floods and extreme weather.
Kerry said: "I have been to many African countries. They are very proud of their fertility rate, but the fact is that it is difficult to sustain such a life today, let alone add future numbers."
Experts said that Africa is one of the areas with the most serious affected climate change, and devastating droughts and floods have occurred. Although African citizens have little effect on global warming compared with Western countries. Avoid aviation travel, eat less meat, and improve house insulation, which will help protect the environment.
According to a report issued by Norwegian environmental agencies, if the 5.5 million population of Norway follows the nutritional guidance of the health authorities, the country can reduce carbon emissions equivalent to 4.5 million tons from 2024 to 2030. This nutritional guidelines will reduce red meat intake to less than 500 grams per week. But Kerry did not intend to call on people to give up their burgers. He said: "I think these choices depend on people themselves, what they want to do, and what they want to do. I suggest that we want to change the way to feed livestock, think about what to feed them, and how our animal husbandry." Kerryti To the so -called animal husbandry method refers to new technologies that reduce negative impacts on the environment. Kerry said, "I don't think you have to sacrifice your lifestyle in order to complete what we need to do. You can have a better way of lifestyle and eat better food. If we no longer waste so many foods, we can support it more Many people. "
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E6%B0%94%E5%80%99%E7%89%B9%E4%BD%BF%E5%87%AF%E7%91%9E%E8%AD%A6%E5%91%8A-%E5%85%A8%E7%90%83%E7%99%BE%E4%BA%BF%E4%BA%BA%E5%8F%A3%E5%B0%86-%E4%B8%8D%E5%A0%AA%E8%B4%9F%E8%8D%B7 
Blint Convention Saudi Crown Princes are concerned about human rights issues 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T07:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T07:05:04+00:00
Description: (AFP 6, 6th) US Secretary of State Brosky, the US Secretary of State, met with Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed today. When Sharman, he expressed concerns about the issue of human rights of the Saudi State.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The official who was unwilling to be named said, "They discussed publicly, covering all regions and bilateral issues." He also said that AntonyBlinken asked for general issues and specific issues to human rights.
The talks lasted about 1 hour and 40 minutes. The topics that the two sides touched include Saudi countries to support the United States from Sudan's withdrawal, the necessity of Yemen's political dialogue, the influence of China and Russia in the Middle East, and the normal relationship between Israel and the Saudi land. The possibility of transformation.
Brinken launched a three -day visit to Sands today, seeking to repair the relationship with the world's largest oil exporter. For decades, the relationship between the United States and Saudi has been around energy and national defense. However, after the Saudi Secretary of Special Agreement's murder of the 2018 murder, Jamalkhashoggi, the two countries were increasingly heated up.
After Russia's full invasion of Ukraine in February last year, Saudi refused to assist in the lower energy prices, which also made Washington dissatisfied.
Citizens of American citizen ABDULLAH Al-QAHTANI and other rights defendants urged Brosin to concern for the issue of human rights in the Saudi State. Qatar's father was sentenced to 10 years in prison for establishing a civil rights organization in the Saudi State. (Translator: Liu Wenyu/Calculation: Cai Jiamin)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E5%B8%83%E6%9E%97%E8%82%AF%E4%BC%9A%E6%B2%99%E4%B9%8C%E5%9C%B0%E7%8E%8B%E5%82%A8-%E5%AF%B9%E4%BA%BA%E6%9D%83%E9%97%AE%E9%A2%98%E8%A1%A8%E6%8B%85%E5%BF%A7 
SEC sued CoinBase to open the future struggle related to cryptocurrencies (Free Version) 
Author: Telis Demos
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T07:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T07:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T06:11:00.000Z
Description: If the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission who lies in Coinbase Global's lawsuit, a large number of companies in the cryptocurrency industry may have to change its operation.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000956993
Type: Article
To Coinbase Global(COIN)The US Securities and Exchange Commission of the Litigation(Securities and Exchange Commission,简称SEC)If you win, a large number of companies in the cryptocurrency industry may have to change its operation.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/sec%E8%B5%B7%E8%AF%89coinbase%E5%BC%80%E5%90%AF%E5%85%B3%E4%B9%8E%E5%8A%A0%E5%AF%86%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81%E6%9C%AA%E6%9D%A5%E7%9A%84%E6%96%97%E4%BA%89-8a31886f 
China's leading electric vehicle industry is the best drink for the West (Free Version) 
Author: Greg Ip
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T07:54:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T07:54:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T07:54:00.000Z
Description: Competitive pressure and creativity make Chinese designed and manufactured electric vehicles a strong competitor.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000959167
Type: Article
China shocked the automotive industry twice this year. The first time is the electric car produced in China at Shanghai Auto Show The quality, function and price shocked Western competitors. Then there are also reports that in the first quarter of 2023, China replaced Japan to become the world's largest car exporter 。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E9%A2%86%E8%B7%91%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E6%B1%BD%E8%BD%A6%E8%A1%8C%E4%B8%9A%E6%98%AF%E7%BB%99%E8%A5%BF%E6%96%B9%E7%9A%84%E5%BD%93%E5%A4%B4%E6%A3%92%E5%96%9D-7398972b 
The European Union considers the forced ban on Huawei to participate in 5G construction (Free Version) 
Authors: ['哈维尔•埃斯皮诺萨']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T07:58:31+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T03:32:99+08:00
Description: According to people familiar with the matter, if members of Germany and other members still do not take action, the European Union may impose a compulsory ban on companies that constitute a security risk.
Images: [" 000183646_pic... "]
Themes: ['脱钩', '关注']
Keywords: ['脱钩', '中欧关系', '华为', '5G', '欧盟']
Type: Article
 According to people familiar with the matter, the European Union(EU)It is considering forcing member states to use companies that are considered to constitute security risks in the 5G network, including China Telecom Equipment Group Huawei(Huawei)Essence
These officials told the British "Financial Times" that at the time of this move, Brussels increasingly worried that some national governments would be delayed on this issue.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099887 
The United States has not determined whether the Ukrainian dam explosion is what Russia does 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T07:59
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T07:59
Description: The White House in the United States still cannot conclude that the damage of the dam was damaged in the southern Ukraine, but it is evaluating the relevant reports of the explosion as Russia. Reuters reports that a large dam in NOVA KAKHovka, the port city of Hermuson, southern Ukraine, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '水坝', '白宫', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰']
The White House in the United States still cannot conclude that the damage of the dam was damaged in the southern Ukraine, but it is evaluating the relevant reports of the explosion as Russia.
Reuters reported that a large dam at Novekakhovka, Hulson, Hulson, Southern Ukraine, was bombed on Tuesday (June 6) on Tuesday (June 6). The dam located in the Dieber River has been controlled by Russia last year.
Dams caused the embankment due to the explosion, and some of the surrounding villages were flooded. Local drinking water and power supply faced threats.
Biden in the United States said at the White House Cabinet Conference on Tuesday that the United States will continue to provide support for Ukraine. "We won't leave. We will help Ukraine."
On the same day, the White House spokesman Cerbin said: "We have seen reports on Russia's responsibility for the explosion of the dam in Russia. We are doing our best to evaluate these reports. We are cooperating with the Ukrainian authorities to collect more information, but we cannot do this. Start the event to make a conclusion. "
He said that it can be certain that this explosion will have a huge impact on the people of Ukraine and the region. It is expected that many people will die, forcing thousands of people to evacuate, and may also cause destruction of Ukraine's energy security. Impact.
Kiev accused Russia of being behind the scenes, and the Kremlin pointed out that Ukraine deliberately destroyed the dam.
Kobe said that discussing the potential impact of the long counterattack operation of the dam in Ukraine is too early.
He pointed out that when the explosion occurred, the dam was illegally occupied and controlled by the Russian army, but US officials have not determined whether this is deliberate.
When asked if the damage of the dam constitutes the sin of war, Kobe said that international law prohibits the destruction of civilian infrastructure.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401900 
The US -China Foreign Diplomacy has increased, and there is no solution to Taiwan issues in Taiwan. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (锺辰芳)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T08:06:02+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 00:34:56Z
Description: Under the circumstances of the United States and China relations, the foreign contacts of the two countries are gradually increasing, but there are still major differences in Taiwan's issues. Some scholars say that the US -Central high -level diplomatic contact is that the Bayeng government hopes to "stop bleeding" for the continuous deterioration of US -China relations, but its effect may be limited.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '美中关系', '台海两岸关系', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/experts-said-us-china-diplomatic-engagement-aimed-to-stop-the-bleeding-of-spiraling-relationship-20230606/7125823.html 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-07T08:07:09
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T15:07:49
Description: After the collapse of the new Carhofka dam, nearly 42,000 people in the Russian and Ukraine Control areas along the Nieberg River faced flood threats.
Images: [" 33HC382-highr... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 After the new Khahofka dam was blown up, a reporter from the Peninsula TV reported from the flood area of Ukraine and reported it back.(Peninsula TV Station)* When Russian President Putin published a public comment on the new Carhofka Dam, which caused a large -scale flood for the first time, he accused Ukraine with "barbaric behavior". * Ukrainian President Zelei, who had accused Russia of bombarding the dam, said that the residents of the occupied area that were not successfully evacuated by Russian -supported troops, and stated that they should give priority to providing drinking water and reorganizing the victims.
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/6/7/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-352 
The Ukrainian dam was blown up: thousands of civilians escaped Russia and Ukraine to deny the launch of attacks 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-07T08:07:41.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T08:07:41.000Z
Description: After a large Ukrainian dam occupied by Russia, thousands of people are evacuating from the lower reaches of the dam. Russia and Ukraine accused each other the culprit that bombed the dam.
Images: [" _126717608_78... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans ", " zh-hans "]
Tags: ['核武器', '乌克兰局势升温', '俄国', '弗拉基米尔·普京', '犯罪', '军事', '乌克兰']
Type: Article
Ukrainian dam was blown up: Thousands of civilians escaped Russia and Ukraine to deny the launch of attacks 
8:07 am on June 7, 2023![] Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
As the dam has been defeated, the large land of the downstream large land is flooded. The area located on the other side of the Hermuson (east bank) is actually a restricted area for the Ukrainian armored forces.
After an important Ukrainian dam occupied by Russia, thousands of people are evacuating from the lower reaches of the dam. Russia and Ukraine accused each other the culprit that bombed the dam. 
Ukrainian President Zeleguski said that after the dam of Novakakhovka was destroyed, 80 towns and villages may be overwhelmed, and he blamed Russia. The rolling river is pouring into the De Nieberg River, and it is said that it has constituted a fatal risk of floods in Hermone.
Russia denied destroy this dam that was controlled and accused of being caused by Ukraine shells.
Kiev and Moscow have accused each other on the dam, and the claims of the two parties have not been confirmed by the BBC.
The KakhovkareServoir, located in the huge KakhovkareServio, is vital to the region. The reservoir provides water for local farmers and residents, and also provides water sources for Zaporizhzhia Nuclear PowerPlant. It is also an important channel for water transmission to southern Crimea occupied by Russia.
Ukraine State -owned Hydropower Management Institutions warned that the peak period of the downstream of the reservoir discharge on Wednesday (June 7), local time. Subsequently, it will enter a "stable period", and the water level is expected to drop rapidly within four to five days.
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-65831170/P0FSQRBD/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-65831170/p0fsqrbd/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
The Ukrainian dam was exploded and urgently withdrew tens of thousands of people, Russia and Ukraine denied the launch of the attack
However, all circles have paid attention to the situation of how unexpectedly influenced the largest Zapolo nuclear power plant in Europe, because the nuclear power plant uses the water in the reservoir to cool down.
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the situation of the place is controlled, and the nuclear security "currently there is no immediately risk."
The video showed that the flood was over the dam, several towns have been flooded, and residents in downstream areas are forced to escape by bus and train.
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
The video showed that the flood was over the dam, several towns have been flooded, and residents in downstream areas are forced to escape by bus and train.
Ukraine Deputy Chief Captain Litvinova said on Ukraine TV that about 40,000 people need to evacuate, of which there are 17,000 people in the Western Region of the Denber River controlled by Ukraine and 25,000 people in the eastern region controlled by Russia.
Ukraine's Minister of Internal Affairs Cryenco, who also spoke on Ukraine TV, said that about 1,000 people have been evacuated so far, and 24 settlements have been flooded. He accused Russia of artillery in the southern part of Hermuson. The region was evacuating personnel and warned that the exposed mines will bring danger after the water level rises.
A resident named Andre lived in a area near the dam. The dam was occupied by the Russian army shortly after Russia launched a comprehensive invasion in February 2022. He expressed his believe in Russia to "flood" his city.
In the Ukraine -controlled Helson, a lady named Su Demira is loading her items, including a washing machine to a trailer connected to a classic car. She said, "We are afraid of floods. We are moving things to high."
She urged the Russian army to "drive out ... they shot at us. They are drowning us and doing other bad things."
Another resident of the city also told BBC that he was worried that "everything here would be destroyed." He said: "All creatures, including humans, will be drowned by the water." He pointed at the nearby nearby. Houses and gardens signal.
Image source, reuters
Ukraine War: BBC discloses the defense deployment of the Russian army through satellite pictures Tracking 331 paratroopers: Samples of the Russian elite troops falling towards the Ukrainian war Two armed forces sneaked from Ukraine into Russia have different opinions On the banks of the New Carhofka, which were occupied by Russia, the mayor of Moscow, Lyon Jetov, said the city had been overwhelmed and had evacuated 900 people. He said that the authorities would send 53 evacuation bus to send people with two settlements and two nearby settlements to safe areas. He added that the water level has risen to more than 11 meters, and some people have been taken to the hospital.
Officials assigned by the Kremlin said that the town Oleshky was also affected by serious floods.
The Kazkova Dibrozoo, located on the banks occupied by Russia, have been completely overwhelmed. The zoo said on its Facebook page that 300 animals in the park have died.
It is unclear what the dam was destroyed in the early morning of Tuesday, but Ukraine's military intelligence department accused Russia of intentionally bombing the dam.
This statement seems to be reasonable because Moscow may worry that the Ukrainian army will use the road on the dam to enter the territory they control, as part of the counterattack operation.Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Moscow may worry that the Ukrainian army will use the road on the dam to enter the territory controlled by Russia as part of the counterattack.
For Moscow, which is eager to keep in the southern Ukraine, this dam has become a problem that needs to be faced. Just like last fall, the Ukraine's road and railway bridge on the lower reaches of the dam, successfully isolated the Russian troops around Hermone, Moscow may decide to destroy the dam to stop Ukraine's counterattack.
They are worried that Ukraine's counterattack may come from multiple directions.
However, a Russian official claimed that Ukraine attacked the dam in order to divert the attention of the failure of its counterattack and deprive Crimea (in 2014 by Russia's illegal swallowing) freshwater supply.
It is always expected that Ukraine will launch a major counterattack. Kiev said that it would not start a warning offensive in advance, but recently, Ukrainian military activities have increased signs that the outside world is considered a counterattack may have begun.
On Tuesday night, Zerrenji said that the damage of the dam will not prevent Ukraine. He published a film conversation saying: "We will still liberate our land."
Earlier that day, Zelei held an emergency meeting of the National Security and National Defense Commission to discuss this issue.
Ukraine Deputy Minister of Defense, Hannamalia, said on Monday (June 5) that the Ukrainian army's offense around Bachurut's "enemy activity center" made progress. But she did not say whether the counterattack operation had begun.
In fact, Bachurut has been the center of fierce fighting for several months. It has little strategic value, but has important symbolic significance in Kiev and Moscow.
Ukraine's Ministry of Defense, a consultant of the Ministry of Defense, Yurisak, accepted an exclusive interview with BBC Fourth Radio "Today" that according to their telephone eavesdropping, Russia hopes to target more dams. He said: "They actually called for the bombing of more Dieberg dams."
Ukraine referred to the dams of the dam as an ecological disaster, and said that the 150 tons of engine oil leaked into the Dieber River. Ukraine Hydropower said that a power station related to the dam has been "completely destroyed ... the water conservancy structure has been washed away."
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
All circles are very concerned about how accidents affect the largest Zapolo nuclear power plant in Europe, because the nuclear power plant uses the water in the reservoir to cool down.
International leaders blame the explosion on Russia, and some people call it the crime of war. British Prime Minister Sonak (Xin Weicheng) said that if Russia was found to be responsible for the collapse of the dam, it means that people will witness "Russia's aggression has reached a new low."
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg criticized that the damage of the dam once again shows the brutal behavior of Russia in the Ukrainian war, while the European Council Chairman Michelle said that he was shocked by the "unprecedented attack".
The Geneva Convention clearly prohibits the target of dams in the war because it is dangerous to civilians.
In the past, a dam in Ukraine was destroyed and caused a disaster: in August 1941, with the advancement of the Germans, the Soviets quickly retreated in Ukraine. The military commander decided to destroy the bridge and dam of Zapolo to prevent the enemy from crossing the Dieber River. Civilians are not warned, and historians estimate that at least 3,000 people are killed.
Is the dam of the dam? 
Professor Trysey Jendan from the Department of National Defense Research at King London said that the dam is a civil infrastructure and is usually not an effective military goal. She said: "In the armed conflict law, assuming that there is a Ukrainian military unit in the dam. Then, Russia can regard it as a military goal. But as far as I know, the situation is not the case."
Dr. Mark Elis, executive director of the International Lawyers Association, said: "Out of military needs, civil targets such as dams must be attacked; This will violate international law. "

Analysis: Who will benefit from the damage of this dam? 
BBC reporter Frank Gardner **
In the case of Russia and Ukraine accusing each other of the shot of the dam, people remind people of the "Beixi" natural gas pipeline explosion of the unsolved mystery last year.
In these two cases, the West immediately doubted to Russia. But Moscow responded twice: "It's not us. Why do we do this? This harms our own interests!"
Now, in the case of the Carthova dam being penetrated, Russia can point out two damage to its own interests.
The floods of the downstream land forced Russia to evacuate the army and civilians eastward, away from the bank of the River River and the wide Timber River. This will provide some limited relief for Holson's residents, and they have always lived under Russia's shelling and missile attacks.
Secondly, this may affect the water supply of Crimea occupied by Russia. Crimea is a drought peninsula that depends on a canal near this dyke.
Since Russia illegally annexed Crimea in 2014, the peninsula has become a land defense of heavy soldiers, and both Russia and Ukraine claim to have sovereignty.
However, the Khahofka Dam's damping needs to be placed in the wider context of the Ukrainian war, especially when the Ukrainian summer counterattack has shown that it has begun.
[Video-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-65831170/P0FNC5CG/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-65831170/p0fnc5cg/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
The Russian and Ukraine War: a counterattack that may change the war
In order to make this counterattack successful, Ukraine needs to break Russia's suppression of a large land occupied last year. This land connects Crimea with the Donbas area in eastern Ukraine. If Ukraine can find a strategy and successfully break through the Russian army defense line in southern Suparzhia, and divide the area into two, then Crimea can beolate and achieve a major strategic victory.
But since the full invasion of February last year, Russia has learned a lot of lessons: Moscow saw the map, calculated the most likely places for Ukraine to attack, and built a truly powerful defense work in the past few months, blocking Ukraine's towards the direction of Ukraine. Any action of Azahai's offense.
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
As the dam has been decided, the large land of the downstream is flooded.
Now, as the dam has been defeated, the downstream large land is flooded, and the area located on the other side of Hermuson (east bank) has actually become the restricted area for the Ukrainian armored forces.
There is a historical note that Russia does have similar behaviors in this area. In 1941, the Soviet army bombed the dam on the same one of the Diebero River to block the forward of the Nazis. Thousands of Soviet citizens were said to be killed in subsequent floods.
However, the current bottom line is, no matter who has broken through the Carhofka dam now, it has disrupted the strategic chessboard in southern Ukraine and forced the two parties to make a series of major strategic adjustments. The next step in.

News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65831170 
U.S. stocks rose all of them by several stars, and investors were heartbroken (Free Version) 
Author: Caitlin McCabe
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T08:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T08:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T07:02:00.000Z
Description: Since the beginning of this year, major US stock indexes have overcome a series of challenges and have risen. But some investors are worried that these performances are only a few of the minority of weights.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股市']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000952285
Type: Article
Since the beginning of this year, major US stock indexes have overcome a series of challenges and have risen. But some investors are worried that these performances are only a few of the minority of weights.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E8%82%A1%E5%A4%A7%E6%B6%A8%E5%85%A8%E9%9D%A0%E5%87%A0%E5%8F%AA%E6%98%8E%E6%98%9F%E8%82%A1-%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E8%80%85%E5%BF%83%E6%80%80%E5%BF%90%E5%BF%91-834309a1 
Italian semiconductor and Sanan Optoelectronics will set up a joint venture in China, with a total investment of 3.2 billion US dollars (Free Version) 
Author: Adria Calatayud
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T08:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T08:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T07:19:00.000Z
Description: Italian semiconductor and Sanan Optoelectronics Co., Ltd. said on Wednesday that a semiconductor manufacturing joint venture will be formed in China with a total investment of 3.2 billion US dollars.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Semiconductor(STMicroelectronics, STM)He San'an Optoelectronics Co., Ltd.(Sanan OptoElectronics, 600703.SH, abbreviated: San'an Optoelectronics)On Wednesday, a semiconductor manufacturing joint venture will be formed in China, with a total investment of 3.2 billion US dollars.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%84%8F%E6%B3%95%E5%8D%8A%E5%AF%BC%E4%BD%93%E5%92%8C%E4%B8%89%E5%AE%89%E5%85%89%E7%94%B5%E5%B0%86%E5%9C%A8%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%BB%84%E5%BB%BA%E5%90%88%E8%B5%84%E4%BC%81%E4%B8%9A-%E9%A1%B9%E7%9B%AE%E6%80%BB%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%8432%E4%BA%BF%E7%BE%8E%E5%85%83-5c1a86ef 
Northern Ocean No ice may appear 10 years earlier than expected 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T08:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T08:20:04+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 6th) Scientists said today that no matter how human beings work hard to reduce carbon pollution that leads to global warming, the Arctic Ocean Ice Cjid will disappear as soon as the summer of the 2030s, 10 years earlier than expected.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A report published by a scientist's online journal "Nature Communications" said that even if the Paris Climatetreaty (Paris Climatetreaty) restricted global warming within 1.5 degrees Celsius, it was impossible
The joint author of the report and the University of Hamburg's Institute of Oceanography, Dirknotz, told AFP that "the protection of the Arctic Summer Sea Ice as a landscape and habitat was too late to protect the AFNOTZ. It's. "
"Because of our discharge of greenhouse gases, the climate system losses will be the first main part."
Over time, the reduction of ice lids will have a serious impact on weather, human and ecosystems, which not only impacts to the Arctic region, but also affects all over the world.
Seung-Kimin, the main author of the report and the main author of the report, told the AFP that "the permanent frozen soil layer will accelerate global warming worldwide because of the melting of greenhouse gas, and" The melting of Greenland ice cover will cause sea levels to rise. "
The Greenland ice cover with a few kilometers, the amount of frozen water contained in it is enough to lift the sea plane 6 meters.
Min Shengji said that in the 2030s (Arctic Ocean) September, "IPCC's recent predictions for the interglmed climate of the United Nations scientific consulting institutions (IPCC) were recently earlier for 10 years."
The United Nations "Inter -Government Climate Change Problem Group" in 2021 a milestone report "Highly confidently" predict that by the middle of this century, the Arctic Ocean will appear at least one stateless state.
The minimum ice area of the Arctic Creation record was 3.4 million square kilometers, which occurred in 2012, while the second and third low -ice coverage appeared in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
If the ice coverage area of the Arctic Ocean is less than 1 million square kilometers, scientists describe it as a "ice -free" state, which accounts for about 7%of the total area of the Arctic Ocean.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230607-%E5%8C%97%E5%86%B0%E6%B4%8B%E6%97%A0%E5%86%B0%E6%81%90%E6%AF%94%E9%A2%84%E6%9C%9F%E6%8F%90%E6%97%A910%E5%B9%B4%E5%87%BA%E7%8E%B0 
Blinden will visit the two countries to visit China this month. 
Authors: ['迪米']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T08:37:30+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T04:35:99+08:00
Description: In February this year, because of a flying matter of suspected Chinese spy balloons flying over the United States, US Secretary of State Brillin temporarily canceled the original visit to China.
Images: [" 000183648_pic... "]
Themes: ['中美关系', '关注']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '美国外交']
Type: Article
 US Secretary of State Anthony Brinkel(Antony flashing)It will be visiting China this month, which is the latest signs of Sino -US relations began to stabilize. Relations between the two countries have recently become turbulent and have fallen to the lowest point in decades.
According to two people familiar with the matter, Blingken is expected to visit China within a few weeks. In February this year, because of a flying ball suspected of Chinese spy balloon flying over the United States, Brinken temporarily canceled the original visits to China, and the efforts of the two countries' repair relations abruptly.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099888 
Snooker fake ball case: 10 Chinese players have fallen collectively. The investigation said that Liang Wenbo "lobbying" other players cheated 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-07T08:49:27.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T08:49:27.000Z
Description: Among the largest fake ball cases in the Snooker world, Chinese players Liang Wenbo and Li Xing involved in manipulating competitions were banned for life, and there were still 8 people who were punished.
Images: [" _130011252_ge... ", " _130015372_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['体育', '中國', '台球']
Type: Article
Snooker fake ball case: 10 Chinese players have fallen collectively, investigating the cheating of other players in Liang Wenbo "lobbying" 
8:49 am on June 7, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Li Xing is one of the two Chinese players who have been banned for life.
In the largest corruption case in the Snooker Realm, Chinese players Liang Wenbo and Li Xing were suspected of participating in fake balls. They were banned by the world's professional billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA) for life. 
The other eight Chinese players involved in the case acknowledged that there were improper behaviors in the relevant survey, and were punished for banning races ranging from 20 months to 5 years.
Among the 10 people involved in the case, the highest world ranking was Zhao Xintong, the 11th British Championship champion. He was banned for one year and 8 months, and the 2021 Masters Champion Yan Bingtao was banned for 5 years.
The allegations in the case include manipulating the game, playing fake balls, cheating other players and gambling.
"This is a very complicated case," said the World Professional Billiards and the Chairman of the Association of Snooker and Jason Ferguson. The rules of conduct of billiards and Snooker Association are distressed. "
"These behaviors have been determined to be completely unacceptable, so forced two players to force to participate in the recognized Snooker activities in any form."
"I am pleased that the committee has not seen any evidence from this case that shows that there is a broader unfavorable behavior in the Snooker movement."
"The World Professional Billiards and the Snooker Association will continue to uphold a tough position to anyone who is trying to manipulate this sport. Today's results will send a clear message that fake balls will not be tolerated in Snooker."
The Chinese Billiards Association issued a statement on Wednesday (June 7) that the incident would "strict and severely punish" the players involved.
"Ashamed to China Snooker" 
The case survey began in August last year. At that time, after the International Betting IntegrityAssociation issued an alert, the World Professional Billiards and Snock Association's sports integrity departments and sports gaming data analysis providers "SPORTRADAR" started in detail on the incident. investigation.
The 10 players involved in the case were temporarily suspended by the World Professional Billiards and the Snooker Association. The Chinese Billiards Association also immediately suspended the domestic participation of the players involved in the case.
The survey found that Liang Wenbo played a counterfeit ball or participated in the fake ball in the Fifth Snock from July 24 to September 28, 2022, and nine games from July 24 to December 13, 2022 During the game, "winning, seduce, encourage, lobby, encourage, or promote" other players played fake balls.
The two most popular young players in the case involved in the Snooker Movement -the 25 -year -old Zhao Xintong and the 22 -year -old Yan Bingtao won the two who won the Masters and the British Championships. Potential potential has become the Snooker World Champion.
Among them, Yan Bingtao won the Masters in 2020 and was the youngest champion player in the 26 years. Ronnieo'sullivan, which is recognized as the world's number one Snooker player, has praised Yan Bingtao many times, and described him as "Roger Federer, Feder)," Refers to his potential to replace his position.
 Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Liang Wenbo (left) and O'Sullivan played against the 2018 Masters.
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcast
Today, Yan Bingtao will be banned for 5 years.
Zhao Xintong, 25, was banned for 20 months. Before the ban, he was the world's highest Chinese player.
After the verdict was announced, he issued a "apology statement" on social media in the early morning of Wednesday, saying that he was "shame to China Snooker."
He claimed that he was "dull and blocked" because of his long -standing overseas life, "blindly" imitating others to choose to "pass the time" with gambling. Essence
"I paid a heavy price for the stupid behavior at the time, and spent every day regret." Zhao Xintong said in a statement.
He also said that after the ban, he accepted the psychological consultation assistance provided by the World Professional Billiards and the Snooker Association, saying that he would "return to the stadium with a better image."
This is not the first time that the Chinese Snoors players who have quickly risen in recent years have been involved in the fake ball scandal -2018, Chinese players Yu Delu and Cao Yupeng were held for 10 years, 9 months and 9 months, and respectively. After 6 years of ban, the Chinese Taiwan Association also added a lifelong forbidden race to Yu Delu afterwards. At that time, it was accused of the first time the Chinese Taiwan Association was punished for the first time in history.
The Chinese media had previously reported that the Chinese Billiards Association has noticed that the gambling behavior may penetrate into the Chinese player group, and in 2019, the Journey to the British Professional Players led by the famous Snooker Ding Junhui to supervise overseas Chinese professional players overseas Essence
Liang Wenbo, who was involved in the case, was also the Deputy Director of the Association. After the investigation of the case last year, he had been withdrawn the position by the Chinese Taiwan Association.
Some media commented that unlike many sports in China, Snooker professional players are not trained and managed by the official system, but are mostly invested and trained by their respective families. It is said that this makes it difficult for the Chinese Taiwan Association to manage the players uniformly.
Snooker history has been banned by many famous players for suspected corruption, including Quinten Hann, Stephen Lee, and so on.
According to public information and professional website statistics, the cost and cost of Snooker's table ball players are high, but income is much lower than other personal projects such as tennis.
After making a judgment by the World Professional Billiards and the Snooker Association, 10 players could appeal to the penalty decision before June 20."The Association will conduct warning education in the industry and launch a series of measures to carry out anti -gambling counterfeit to the end," said the China Taiwan Association, and said that it would "further increase the management of professional players in Britain."
On the other hand, some experts have pointed out that because China's criminal law has added "organizing the crime of organizing participation in the country (border)" in recent years, it is not ruled out that the players involved in the case may involve criminal crimes.

Analysis: The punishment measure will play a "strong scarlet" role 
_ ——— BBC Fifth Radio (BBC 5) Snooker reporter Jamie Bladon ( _jamie Broughton ) ) _
The World Professional Billiards and the Snooker Association work hard to investigate this complex case, and they will also be happy with the final punishment decision.
In the past 10 years, the organization has shown determination to investigate corruption and has accused anyone who believes in improper behavior.
Snooker has experienced a lot of negative news in recent months, but the punishment of Liang Wenbo and Li Xing's lifelong suspension should be able to play a strong scary role in any player who wants to participate in fake balls.
For many Snooker fans, this case is truly sad why the two largest players in China Yan Bingtao and Zhao Xintong will involve it. Both players are considered potential to become a world champion in the future.
Now people will ask whether Snooker's management agencies can do more work worldwide to educate young players to risk corruption.

What are the judgments and punishments of ten players? 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Zhao Xintong (left) and Yan Bingtao are the two highest -ranked players in this corruption case.
Liang Wenbo 
Age: 36; World Ranking: 72; 2015 British Championship final player
He was placed in lifetime ban and paid £ 43,000. He was ruled to play fake balls in five fake ball games or as a member of the fake ball group. In nine games, he tried to sculpt other players to play counterfeit balls, participated in the Snooker game gambling, threatened other players, deleted text messages, and asked other players to ask other players Delete text messages and did not cooperate with the investigation.

Age: 32; World Ranking: 71
He was placed in lifetime ban and paid £ 43,000. He was ruled to play fake balls in five fake ball games or as a member of the fake ball group. In seven games, he tried to sculpt other players to play counterfeit balls, participated in Snock's gambling, deleted text messages, and asked other players to delete text messages.
Age: 29 ; World Ranking: 65; 2020 British Championship semi -final player
After being sentenced to 8 years, after the earlier conviction and cooperating with the investigation, it was reduced to 5 years and 4 months. He has to pay £ 7,500. He was ruled to be innocent in the allegations that made others playing counterfeit balls in five games. He admitted that he played fake balls, participated in gambling and deleted messages in four Snooker games.
Yan Bingtao 
Age: 22; World Ranking: 23; Professional Players born in 2000 in 2000, 2021 Masters Champions
After being sentenced to 7 years and a half -ban, after the earlier confession and cooperation with the investigation, it was reduced to the 5 -year ban . He has to pay £ 7,500. He admitted that he played counterfeit balls in four Snocks and participated in gambling.
Zhao Xintong 
Age: 25 World Ranking: 11; 2021 British Championship and 2022 German Masters Championship
After being sentenced to two and a half years, it was sentenced to two and a half years, and after the earlier confession and cooperation with the investigation, it was reduced to ** 1 year and 8 months. He has to pay £ 7,500. He acknowledged that he played with another player in two games and participated in the gambling.
Zhang Health 
Age: 24; World Ranking: 93
After being sentenced to 4 years and 5 months, the race was sentenced. After the earlier confession and cooperation with the investigation, it was reduced to two years and 11 months. He has to pay £ 7,500. He acknowledged that he played a counterfeit ball in a Snooker game and did not provide information to WPBSA.
Chen Zifan 
Age: 27; World Ranking: 104
After being sentenced to 7 years and a half -ban, after the earlier confession and cooperation with the investigation, it was reduced to the 5 -year ban . He has to pay £ 7,500. He acknowledged a fake ball, or participated in the planning of counterfeit ball as a group, or tried to create contest or scores in the three Snoors competitions he participated in the three games.
Chang Bingyu 
Age: 20 World Ranking: 88
After being sentenced to 3 and a half years, after the earlier confession and cooperation with the investigation, it was reduced to the two -year suspension of the two -year. He acknowledged that he played a fake ball in a Snooker game.
Zhao Jianbo 
Age: 19 World Ranking: Amateur
After being sentenced to 3 and a half years, after the earlier confession and cooperation with the investigation, it was reduced to two years and 8 months. He admitted to playing counterfeit balls in a Snoors herself -and betting in the game.
Bai Langning 
Age: 20 . World Ranking: 130
After being sentenced to 4 years, after the earlier confession and cooperation with the investigation, it was reduced to two years and 4 months. He acknowledged that he played a fake ball in a Snooker game.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/sports-65830336 
China College Entrance Examination: The number of candidates for the number of candidates is innovative 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T08:56:00Z
Description: The Chinese college entrance examination of "Thousands of Army Thousands of Horses Passing the Wood Bridge" appeared on the 7th. In addition, the number of candidates this year reached a new high of 12.91 million. However, those who are waiting for these young students on the other side of the college entrance examination are China's rising tuition and youth unemployment rates.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['大学毕业生', '高考', '失业率', '大学', '高校', '高等教育']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65847010
The Chinese college entrance examination appeared on the 7th, and some Beijing candidates and volunteers held up their self -inspiration outside the examination room.
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) China debuted on Wednesday (June 7) in China in 22023. This year, as many as 12.91 million candidates, 980,000 more than last year, hitting a new high in history.
This year is also the first college entrance examination after China ended the "clear zero policy" and implemented the "Class B tube". Although the official did not force candidates to wear a mask for testing, the local government also launched supporting epidemic prevention policies, such as Shandong The province requires candidates to monitor the health independently 3 days before the test, and the diagnosis candidates have a spare test room to use.
Each year's composition topics are highly discussed by the outside world. Among the 7 sets of test papers this year, "National Volume B" uses Xi Jinping's two words "blow out the lights of others will not make yourself more bright; "Let yourself go farther" and "one flower is not spring, and the flowers are full of spring garden" as the title, asking candidates to write an article to reflect their cognition and thinking.
According to the Chinese official media "People's Daily", the first material was taken from Xi Jinping's keynote speech at the "Modernization of Modernization together with the Modernization of the Communist Party of China" at the Chinese Communist Party of China in March 2023; In March 2014, Xi Jinping's speech at the headquarters of the UNESCO, Paris, France, "Civilization is colorful due to communication, and is enriched by mutual learning".
"People's Daily" pointed out that these two materials are targeted at international relations and mutual learning of civilization. "The exchanges between different cultures and the connection between different countries, as small as the interaction between individuals. "Weibo some netizens interpreted the questioning of the question as a community of human destiny. If they have opinions, they believe that it is intriguing, and the current situation of international relations from contemporary Chinese contemporary.
In addition to Xi Jinping, "Tianjin Volume" also entered the question with the couplet of Zhou Enlai, who had studied in the local area, "worked with the liver and gallbladder, and read from the words without words". Candidates are requested to express their perception.
Observing the Chinese community network, netizens generally believe that this year's composition questions are simpler. Compared with the 2022 test questions, it is easier to get high scores. Let the "only 22nd" theme label high -hanging Weibo hot search list. In addition, the popularity of artificial intelligence such as ChatGPT has also made many netizens try to make artificial intelligence robots such as "Wen Xin Yi" and "Tongyi Qianwen" written in various editions of composition tests to set off a wave of "How to write AI to write the college entrance examination for college entrance examinations. The upsurge of composition.
Tuition tuition fees, rising graduation job hunting difficulties 
Chinese college graduates are known as the "thousands of troops passing the unique wooden bridge". However, these candidates have worked hard to reach the other shore and after entering the university, but they may be many problems in contemporary Chinese society, such as: high college tuition tuition 。
The picture shows the graduation ceremony held by Renmin University of China in 2021
Due to the tight local finances, after Shanghai held a hearing of the "Improvement of the Scientific Feenging Mechanism of Public Universities and Universities" in April, it was decided to adjust the average tuition fee of the college colleges from public universities from the 2023 school year. Yuan / Academic year, the adjustment is about 33%. For more than 20 years, the tuition fees in Shanghai have never changed. Anhui, Shaanxi, Henan and other provinces issued a notice of raising tuition earlier earlier. Reuters reports that the tuition fees in some disciplines in Sichuan Province have increased by 41%, and when the economic recovery is not as expected, it will add burden on Chinese students.
In addition to high tuition fees, China is still high in youth unemployment rate It may also allow college students to face " graduation is unemployed "Dilemma. The unemployment rate of young people 16 to 24 years old came to 20.4%in April, the highest in history; the data of the Ministry of Education of China also showed that in 2023, college graduates are expected to be 11.85 million, an increase of 820,000 from 2022. Graduates are increased. Graduate graduates will be increased. Graduate graduates will be increased. Graduate graduates. The scale also reached a record high, due to 2021 and 2022 due to epidemic The number of returnees returned to China has exceeded one million, which has even more stressed the pressure of graduates to find a job.
In order to soothe the job hunting of fresh graduates, the Chinese government has taken various means and measures. Except for more than 50%of civil servants in many provinces, many provinces and cities have launched policies and subsidies to encourage small and medium -sized enterprises to recruit fresh graduates, or encourage graduates to go to grassroots employment, teach the countryside to do medicine, or serve national defense to the army to serve national defense. Modernization 。
China's youth unemployment rate is high, and many youth influx into a Beijing job exhibition in 2022
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中國高考登場：習語錄入題-考生數創新高/a-65847010?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
U.S. Regulatory Agency accuses the cryptocurrency trading platform Coinbase illegal operation 
Author: 吕爱丽 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T09:10
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T09:23
Description: U.S. regulators have accused the country's largest cryptocurrency trading platform Coinbase illegally operating and expanded its crackdown on the cryptocurrency industry. The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pointed out that Coinbase, as a broker, exchanges, and clearance agencies, engaged in ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['财经即时', '加密货币', '美国证券交易委员会']
(Comprehensive News) U.S. regulatory agencies have accused the country's largest cryptocurrency trading platform Coinbase illegally operating and expanded its blow to the cryptocurrency industry.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pointed out that Coinbase, as a broker, exchanges and liquidation agencies, is engaged in investing in rules of the US Securities and Exchange Commission, but has not registered.
Regulatory agencies believe that this allows the company to evade supervision, including measures to prevent conflicts of interest.
In response to these charges, Coinbase responded that the relevant rules were not clear and said that the business would be carried out as usual.
According to reports, SEC has issued a notice to Coinbase at the end of March this year to warn that the platform will take law enforcement operations. Some media also said that the representative of Coinbase has met with SEC more than 60 times in the past nine months to try to solve these problems, but it has not achieved results.
Prior to this, the SEC had to the Federal Court of Washington, DC, on Monday (June 5).(https://www.zaobao.com/news/world/story20230329-1377319)The Binance US Exchange proposed 13 allegations.
SEC said that Binance was involved in exaggerating its transaction volume, transferring customer funds, and failure to restrict US customers' platforms, and mislead investors in market supervision and control. In addition, Binance and Zhao Changpeng are suspected of secretly controlling customer assets and mixing and transferring investor funds as they want.
SEC has accused Binance's independent entity in the United States, which is "part of the U.S. Federal Securities Law Plan."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401909 
IAEA promotes all parties to ensure the safety of the cooling pool of the Ukrainian nuclear power plant 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T09:13
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T09:13
Description: The UN atomic energy supervision agency urges all parties to ensure the safety of the cooling pool of the Zhaparo Nuclear Power Station in Ukraine. The large dams of New Carhofka, Hermuson, Southern Ukraine, were bombed on Tuesday (June 6). The Nieber River was facing flood threats on both sides of the Dieber River, close to the Dieber River ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['国际原子能机构', '俄乌战争', '水坝', '核电站']
The UN atomic energy supervision agency urges all parties to ensure the safety of the cooling pool of the Zhaparo Nuclear Power Station in Ukraine.
Large Dam in New Carhofka, Southern Ukraine, was bombed on Tuesday (June 6) The risk of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station near the Dieberg River near the Dieberry Power Power Station on both sides of the Dieber River rose suddenly.
Khahofka Reservoir provides cooling water for the cooling water system of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station. If the water level of the reservoir drops to a certain extent, it will not be able to supply water outward.
Gross, the director of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), issued a statement on Tuesday that there are some alternative water sources that can provide cooling water near the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, including a large cooling pool.
He said that the large cooling pool above the reservoir can provide "several months" cooling water for the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station and call on all parties to maintain the safety of the cooling pool.
"Make sure that this cooling pool is intact without damage. It is essential. It must not be destroyed by this cooling pool. I urge all parties to take precautionary measures."
The satellite image taken by the American satellite image company Maxar Technology on Tuesday afternoon showed that the flood was flooded with a large area of southern Ukraine, and most of the dams and hydropower stations of New Carhofka have been destroyed.
This important dam located along the Dieber River, located in the Hermuson region controlled by Russia, floods also spread to the Russian and Ukraine's frontline blockbusters.
It is still unclear who should be responsible for this incident.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401910 
The upgrade of the US -China situation has led to the increasing frequent incident of dangerous encounter in the Indo -Pacific region 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (维达库斯瓦拉)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T09:14:16+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 01:14:16Z
Description: After the Chinese and Russian military aircraft entered the air defense identification zone located in South Korea on Tuesday (June 6), South Korea took off the air defense identification zone in the southern and east of the Korean Peninsula. Prior to this, the United States and the Chinese army met two dangers in the South China Sea and the Taiwan Strait.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '亚太', '军事', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/more-muscular-us-china-presence-leads-to-increasingly-close-encounters-in-indo-pacific-20230606/7126181.html 
Column | Democratic Salon: Chinese people talk about Chinese affairs (2023-06-06) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T09:14:40-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T09:14:40-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Many citizens in Wuhan said that the mothers who were killed were "Internet storms" and fell to death, and some said they were threatened by "national security" to maintain stability. (Provided by network screenshots/ancient pavilion) Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/Mandarin/zhuanlan/minzhushalong/salon 06072023091017.html/@stream Democratic salon: Chinese people talk about Chinese affairs
_ Radio Free Asia in Washington, the capital of the United States, opened to the Chinese mainland to listen to friends. _ 
__ 
_ Hotline Time: _ _ Beijing time every Monday night 30 points 
_ Hotline International Free Number: _ __ _ 400-842-7775_ _, _ _ 400-842-7776_ 
_ Hotline_ _ Skype_ _ account number: _ linyueyang01 
__ 
** _ Looking forward to you
Listening to friends in Wuhan: A fatal children's accident occurred in Wuhan, causing widespread attention. Various information networks are widely spread. Negative discussions on the Internet caused great psychological pressure on the mother of the victims, and later committed suicide. Such a tragedy in the world reflects the multiple problems in Chinese society.
Jiangsu listening to friends: Internet telephone is inexplicably harassed. "June 4th" is still a sensitive topic. I heard that Qiao Xinxin was arrested in Southeast Asia. It was reported that some Chinese police participated. Now that China's economy is slowing, people can feel in daily life.
Chinese friends: Wu Tong Taiwan is disastrous to both sides of the strait. In addition, the people in Taiwan already have the right to vote, and the unification of the two sides of the strait may cause the same rights of the people of the mainland.
Ask the wall of the wall, Please send it to: fankui@rfa.org Please pay attention to the social media of the host Lin Yueyang to interact with us:
_ Twitter account number: _ _ Linyueyang_ 
_ skype_ _ account number: _ _ linyueyang01_ 
_ WeChat account: linyueyang_ 
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/minzhushalong/salon-06072023091017.html 
Join NATO key conditions to spread the Swedish court to approve the Turkish extradition requirements 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T09:32:37+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T09:20:03+00:00
Description: (Stockholm, 6th) According to the media today, according to the media report, the Swedish Supreme Court has agreed to let the government extradite a man who supports the Kudu Workers' Party to Turkey, which is a key requirement for Ankara to approve Stockholm to join NATO.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Swedish "AFTONBLADET" reported that this judgment means that the Swedish government will now decide whether to extradite the man; once extraditing, he will become the first KurdistanWorker part (PKK) to support the Swedish. By.
In Sweden, the government has the final decision on the extradition request, but if the Supreme Court opposes it, it cannot agree to the extradition request of another country.
According to the "Evening News", the court made this judgment last week. On the occasion of the application.
The "Evening News" reported that the 35 -year -old man was sentenced to 4 years and 7 months in 2014 and was sentenced to 4 years and 7 months in prison in Turkish prison for transporting marijuana.
The man was released on parole and moved to Sweden, but was arrested last August last August after the Turkish prosecutor asked him to take the remaining sentence.
The "Evening News" reported that the man claimed that the real reason he was wanted by the Turkish authorities was his relationship with the left -wing people's Democratic Party (HDP) of the pro -Kurds, and the Kurds Workers' Party that supported Ankara on the blacklist.
According to the "Evening News" report, the court pointed out in the judgment that it had asked the Turkish prosecutor if it was conducting investigations or allegations that the man was involved in the man's "preaching terrorist organization" or "insulting Turkish president", and the Turkish prosecutor denied this.
Turkey and Hungary are the only NATO member states that have not yet approved the Swedish application to apply for a meeting to apply for joining NATO.
So far, the El section has been blocked by Sweden to join NATO, accusing Sturgolm as a "terrorist" shelter, especially members of the shelter Kurde workers.
After Russia's full invasion of Ukraine, Sweden and neighboring Finland ended the neutral and military alliances since the two centuries, and announced in May 2022 that they applied to join NATO.
Although Sweden's application still faces opposition, Finland successfully became the 31st member states in NATO on April 4.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E5%8A%A0%E5%85%A5%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E5%85%B3%E9%94%AE%E6%9D%A1%E4%BB%B6-%E4%BC%A0%E7%91%9E%E5%85%B8%E6%B3%95%E9%99%A2%E6%89%B9%E5%87%86%E5%9C%9F%E8%80%B3%E5%85%B6%E5%BC%95%E6%B8%A1%E8%A6%81%E6%B1%82 
Financial institutions in the United States and East Asia are suspected of being fraudulent in North Korea hackers 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (塞尔丁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T09:34:11+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 01:34:11Z
Description: People once again worry that North Korea's hacking army is targeting financial institutions to support Pyongyang regime and may provide funds for their weapon plans.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '亚太', '经济·金融·贸易', '科技', '朝鲜半岛局势']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/financial-institutions-in-us-east-asia-spoofed-by-suspected-north-korean-hackers-/7126193.html 
Hong Kong Anti -Repair Example Demonstration 4th Anniversary: Ten minutes to review the iconic incident 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-07T09:40:50.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T09:40:50.000Z
Description: On February 13, 2019, the Hong Kong government announced the start of the revision of the "Fugi Regulations" to trigger large -scale demonstrations. Since then, Hong Kong has undergone tremendous changes in different levels of political elections, civic society, educational culture, and media ecology. On the occasion of the four -year demonstration of anti -repair examples, the BBC Chinese takes you again to review the beginning and end of the movement.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['香港版国安法', '逃犯条例', '中國', '香港']
Type: Article
Hong Kong Anti -Repair Example Demonstration 4th Anniversary: Ten minutes to review the iconic incident 
Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-65832385/P0FSQDTD/ZH-HansS Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials Hong Kong anti -repair example demonstration: 10 minutes to review iconic events 9:40 am on June 7, 2023
On February 13, 2019, the Hong Kong government announced that it would start the revision of the "Fugitive Regulations", which was possible that the criminal suspects of Hong Kong were sent to mainland China. The dispute continued to ferment. Large -scale demonstrations began on June 9th. At first, the relatively peaceful parade gradually evolved into a conflict between police and civilians.
On June 30, 2020, the Standing Committee of the Chinese People's Congress voted through the National Security Law of the Hong Kong District in a controversial voice. In the following three years, Hong Kong has undergone tremendous changes in different levels of political elections, civic society, educational culture, and media ecology.
On the four -year demonstration of the Hong Kong anti -repair example in 2023, BBC Chinese takes you to review the beginning and end of the movement again.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65832385 
The Australian and European trade negotiated Australia is tough, but to China to China "Free Version" 
Authors: ['安迪•邦兹']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T09:45:44+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T05:11:99+08:00
Description: The Australian Minister of Trade stated that Australia's relations with China are recovering, and the European Union is only one of Australia's "dance partners".
Images: [" 000183634_pic... "]
Themes: ['澳大利亚', '关注']
Keywords: ['澳大利亚', '欧盟', '贸易', '中澳关系']
Type: Article
 Australian Minister of Trade Tang Fangrui(DonFarrell)The EU warned that he would not sign a trade agreement unless the European Unless the EU was open to more Australian agricultural products. He also praised the relationship between Australia and China to ease.
Before Tang Fangrui participated in the talks held in Brussels, the Financial Times was told that only when the EU abandoned its demands that the domestic farmers suffered competition, the agreement with the EU could be achieved. At the same time, he said that Australia had a "olive branch" to China in terms of trade dispute over China.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099889 
"It's disappointing again": China's foreign trade data in May has dropped sharply 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T09:55:00Z
Description: The latest import and export data released by the General Administration of Customs of China makes people worry about the growth of China's economic recovery this year. In addition to the continuous increase in exports to Russia, in May, China's exports to ASEAN, the European Union, the United States, Japan, Africa, and Latin America all declined significantly. The soaring inflation, high interest rates and energy prices have all stressed the international demand for the purchase of "Made in China".
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['中国', '5月', '进出口', '经济增长', '前景', '需求疲软']
Id: 65847680
China's exports fell sharply in May this year.
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) The weakening of global market demand has led to a significant decrease in China's exports. Today (June 7), the latest statistics released by the General Administration of Customs of China show that according to the US dollar, the import and export of China's imports and exports in May this year was US $ 50119 billion, a year -on -year decrease of 6.2%. Among them, the exports were US $ 283.5 billion, a decrease of 7.5%; imports were US $ 217.69 billion, a decrease of 4.5%; the trade surplus was US $ 65.81 billion, narrowing by 16.1%.
China's exports in April also increased by 8.5 percentage points year -on -year. But a month after a month, a sharp decline. The latest import and export statistics have made another worry about China's economic recovery growth this year.
In May this year, China only export to Russia Continuously increased, an increase of 114.3%, and imports increased by 10.1%year -on -year. In February last year, since Russia invaded Ukraine, China has unswervingly support Russian President Putin, and has never expressed condemnation of Russia's invasion.
In May, China's imports declined for two consecutive months. Although 4.5%decreases less than the expectations of experts, it is very eye -catching. Germany pointed out that this shows that China's domestic market is still weak.
Based on the US dollar, China ’s exports to ASEAN in May fell 15.9%year -on -year, the first time since May 2020.
China's imports from Germany have decreased by 3.8%, and the decline in exports to Germany is even as high as 8.3%. As the second largest trading partner in China, the EU's import and export volume of trade with China is also decreasing. In May, China decreased by 7%to EU exports, and imports dropped slightly by 0.9%.
China's imports and exports to the United States and Japan are also declining. Based on the US dollar, China's exports to the United States in May fell 18%year -on -year and imported from the United States by 9.8%year -on -year. In addition, exports to Africa fell from 49.9%in April to 12.9%, and exports to Latin American decreased from 10.5%to -1.1%.
The high inflation, the continuous increase in bank interest rates, coupled with the soaring energy prices caused by the Ukrainian war, all pressure on the demand for "Made in China".
China's import and export data in May has been shaded for China's economic growth expectations this year. After China's abandonment of the "Clear Zero" epidemic prevention policy at the end of last year, the economic trend at the beginning of this year showed an optimistic trend. The Beijing side has set up about 5%of the growth goals for this year's economic growth. The economic growth rate in the first quarter of this year achieved 4.5%.
Yan Si, chief representative of the Beijing Representative Office of the German Industry and Commerce Conference(JensHildebrandt)The analysis said: "The latest import and export data indicates that the Chinese economy is still unstable. The local company's expectations of business growth are becoming more and more cautious." He also said: "In view of the current development, the medium -term recovery is more difficult to foresee. "
In April of this year, when China's import and export still realized 7.9%, concerns about the development of China's domestic market have emerged. In April, the [China Manufacturing Purchasing Manager Index] announced by the National Bureau of Statistics of China(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/财新pmi上升-中国经济复苏出现不一致信号/a-65790590)(PMI) 49.2%, a decrease of 2.7 percentage points from the previous month. In May, the index further dropped to 48.8, which fell for the third consecutive month and was located in the contraction range for the second consecutive month.
The main reason for China's exports to drop sharply is weak international market demand Essence The high inflation, the continuous increase in bank interest rates, coupled with the soaring energy prices caused by the Ukrainian war, all pressure on the demand for "Made in China". The total value of China's imports and exports in the first five months of this year was US $ 2.44 trillion, a decrease of 2.8%, of which 6.2%in May in May.
Australian and New Bank analyst Khoongoh said that the latest import and export data is "disappointing again". These data are "concerned about economic growth expectations, and at the same time look forward to more policy support." Some observers speculate that in order to promote economic recovery, the People's Bank of China may be reduced. There are also some opinions that the central bank may soon release the policy news of interest rate cuts.
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/再度令人失望-中国5月外贸数据大幅滑落/a-65847680?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The famous dream has a large new fund, but it is necessary to deal with the AI battle or need more 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T09:55:08+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-06T06:09:99+08:00
Description: According to reports, this artificial intelligence company is close to obtaining new funds for $ 250 million. Its rich talent reserves and increasing products are attracting investors.
Images: [" 000183530_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '人工智能', '名之梦']
Type: Article
 The author Xiyi Sheep, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
The new investment opened the gate. Even before the chat robot appeared, Alibaba(BABA.US; 9988.HK)Baidu(Leave.)Waiting for large companies, and HKUST Xunfei(002230.SZ)Small companies are already investing in a lot of resources and developing their own similar products.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099876 
Canadian wildfire fluttering to New York, USA, covering the haze in New York, USA 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T09:56
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T09:56
Description: Hundreds of smoke generated by hundreds of wildfires in eastern Canada have floated to the United States to the United States, and New York City shrouded in a haze. The New York Times reported that the haze floated in a large area in northern the United States from Canada, from Minnesota to Massachusetts all the air alarms. The Meteorological Bureau calls for lung disease ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '加拿大', '野火', '烟霾']
Hundreds of smoke generated by hundreds of wildfires in eastern Canada have floated to the United States to the United States, and New York City shrouded in a haze.
The New York Times reported that the haze floated in a large area in northern the United States from Canada, from Minnesota to Massachusetts all the air alarms.
The Meteorological Bureau calls on people, children and elderly people who are sensitive to air pollution such as lung and heart disease to reduce outdoor activities.
At midnight (June 6), many counties in New York City and northern New York have issued air quality alarms.
New York Mayor Adams said on Twitter that "unless absolutely necessary", people with heart or breathing problems should be reduced.
The Ministry of Environmental Protection of the New York State stated that the haze in the northern and most parts of New York City is permeated, and it is expected to last until Wednesday.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401922 
Modern dentistry maintains the growth of family controls, but it becomes a hidden concern (Free Version) 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T09:59:00+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T05:55:99+08:00
Description: This dental group revenue increased by 18.3%in the first quarter, but it was controlled by a single family, which may limit its attractiveness to investors.
Images: [" 000183666_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '现代牙科', '医疗设备', '健康']
Type: Article
 Author Tan Ying, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
Modern Dental Group Co., Ltd.(3600.HK)The first quarter update released last week was welcomed by investors because it reported that the number of products for its products increased by 17.7%, and the average price of each product rose 2.5%. The "digital solution" sold by the company headquartered in Hong Kong allows dentists and its main customers -hospitals and dental laboratories to use 3D, that is, computer -aided design and manufacturing(CAD/CAM)Traditional dental plastic surgery work.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099890 
Wunan Clad Wirling Flood Flood UN warns humanistic consequences 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T1:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T12:35:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, Geneva, 7th), Kakhovka Dam, a Kakhovka Dam in the Russian occupation area in southern Ukraine, was destroyed yesterday, resulting in the Kakhovka ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The UNOCHA alert yesterday, the environment and humanistic consequences brought by this incident may be much far -reaching. "We seriously worry about the damage of the Kakova dam, ... and this is a severe human impact on the two sides of the front line."
The United Nations Human Affairs Coordination Department quoted the report from the Ukrainian authorities, saying that nearly 40 villages and towns were overwhelmed by all or partially, emphasizing that "thousands of people lost their homes overnight." Serve.
The United Nations Human Affairs Coordination Department also warned: "The impact of Russia's control areas is expected to be serious."
Crimea, which has been occupied by Russia since 2014, is allegedly affected by Kakova Reservoir.
According to the United Nations Human Affairs Coordination Department, although the impact scale of the Kakova Reservoir leakage is still under evaluation, "it is expected to bring severe and long -term consequences to regional humanitarian conditions." And the burst military weapon brought to the newly evaluated new area, making more people fall into danger. "
The United Nations Human Affairs Coordination Department stated that emergency humanitarian strain work is ongoing to provide urgent assistance to more than 16,000 people, including water supply.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E4%B9%8C%E5%8D%97%E6%B0%B4%E5%9D%9D%E8%A2%AB%E7%82%B8%E9%85%BF%E6%B4%AA%E6%B0%B4-%E8%81%94%E5%90%88%E5%9B%BD%E8%AD%A6%E5%91%8A%E4%BA%BA%E9%81%93%E5%90%8E%E6%9E%9C 
The second game of the Golden Block Championship was reversed in the head of the teachings and asked players to be more disciplined 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T10:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:35:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Miami, 6th) Denver's Golden Bag will continue to play with the Miami hot fire in the third game of the NBA Championship tomorrow, seeking to re -win the series of winds, Michael, head coach of the gold block, Michael (Michael ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Golden blocks and Heat are currently 1-1 in the 7 games and 4 wins, and the two teams will move the Heat at the third game tomorrow.
After the second game of Denver's defeat, the angry Malone questioned the efforts and discipline of the players. He said that the players fully agree with his views.
Malone pointed out before the third battle, "I asked them after the game (the second game), why we lost tonight. They said: We don't play hard enough, and insufficient discipline."
Malone said that the gold block was in the first battle, but the defense was not enough. After the game, he had warned; the gold block suppressed the opponent 3 before the second war, but the last quarter was dominated by the Heat.
He said: "We must learn lessons from the second game and use it to convert into our advantages."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230607-%E9%87%91%E5%9D%97%E6%80%BB%E5%86%A0%E5%86%9B%E8%B5%9B%E7%AC%AC2%E6%88%98%E9%81%AD%E9%80%86%E8%BD%AC-%E6%95%99%E5%A4%B4%E8%A6%81%E6%B1%82%E7%90%83%E5%91%98%E6%9B%B4%E6%9C%89%E7%BA%AA%E5%BE%8B 
Blindken began to visit Saudi Arabia aims to stabilize the relationship between the two countries 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-07T10:02:34
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:02:34
Description: U.S. Secretary of State Broskere and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman held talks as the beginning of its foreign task to stabilize the relationship between the United States and Saudi Arabia.
Images: [" 2023-06-07T00... ", " image-1-16861... ", " 1-77.jpg ", " image-3-16861... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '沙特阿拉伯', '美国']
Type: Article
 On June 7, 2023, Saudi Arabia Crown Prince Mohammed Ben Salman (right) met with the visit to the U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Brinnan in Gada, Saudi Arabia(Reuters)U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Brinkee and Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman held talks as the beginning of its foreign task. It aims to stabilize the relationship between the United States and the Gulf Kingdom, which is rich in petroleum resources. The differences in many issues have been deepened -from human rights issues to Iran, to regional safety and oil price issues.
In a statement issued by the US State Department spokesman, Matthew Miller, in a statement released after the meeting, Blingken talked to Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman on the 6th of this month. Stability, security and prosperity in other regions. " Miller pointed out that the commitment at the meeting also included efforts to achieve peace in Yemen.
Blint also emphasized that the bilateral relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia "strengthened the progress of human rights". He also thanked Saudi Arabia for its support during the retracement of American citizens from the Sudan, which has been warned in the near future, as well as to stop it to stop The diplomatic efforts paid for the battle between the Sudan hostiles.
This is also the second high -level visit to Saudi Arabia in the United States, and Brinkeak will meet with other senior Saudi officials during this three -day visit. It should be pointed out that the White House national security adviser Jack Shalvis has visited Saudi Arabia on May 7 this year.
 Does the relationship with Saudi Arabia still meet the interests of the United States?(Peninsula TV Station)Blint's interview was made after a few days after Saudi Arabia promised to further reduce oil output, and Saudi Arabia's commitment may exacerbate the tension between Meisha.
Saudi Arabia has recently conflicted with US President Joe Bayeng, and the conflict between the two sides includes the amount of crude oil provided by Saudi Arabia to the global market, Saudi Arabia is willing to cooperate with Russia under the framework of the "OPEC+" alliance, and Saudi Arabia's mediation in China The following agreement with Iran has reached an agreement to ease the relationship. Analysts believe that the purpose of Brinken's trip includes the influence on oil prices with Saudi Arabia, curbing the influence of China and Russia in the region, and hope for the normalization of relations between Saudi Arabia and Israel.
Richard Goldburg, a senior adviser to the Think Tank "Defending Democratic Foundation" headquarters in Washington, said that it may be the most important content of Brincken's visit to stopping Saudi Arabia from establishing a closer relationship with China.
Goldburg pointed out that "Brinken explains why China's interests are not consistent with Saudi Arabia, and why strengthening the relationship between the two parties in a strategic way will hinder its close relationship with the United States."
 Saudi Arabia reached an agreement with Iran under mediation in China
The relationship between the United States and Saudi Arabia was unfavorable in 2019 -at the time, Biden said during the presidential campaign that once he was elected, he would regard Saudi Arabia as a "pariah country". Shortly after taking office in 2021, Biden released an evaluation report from the US intelligence department, claiming that Saudi Crown Prince approved the operation of arrest and killing the Washington Post columnist and reporter Kashuji in 2018.
Biden visited Saudi Arabia in July 2022, but this visit did not help much to ease the tension between the two countries, and Saudi Arabia was increasingly not interested in consistent with the United States' priority in the region.
However, Hussein Ibish, a senior scholar of the National Institute of Arabia in Washington, DC, believes that the relationship between the United States and Saudi Arabia is gradually improving.
Ibish pointed out that "this relationship looks very nervous -it is indeed the same at some levels, but it is stronger from overall."
"Behind the scenes, especially on safety and other similar issues, the relationship between the two parties is stronger than a year ago."
 Twelve years later, the Angeles re -incorporated Syria into its camp(news agency)
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/7/%e5%b8%83%e6%9e%97%e8%82%af%e5%bc%80%e5%a7%8b%e5%af%b9%e6%b2%99%e7%89%b9%e7%9a%84%e8%ae%bf%e9%97%ae%e6%97%a8%e5%9c%a8%e7%a8%b3%e5%ae%9a%e4%b8%a4%e5%9b%bd%e5%85%b3%e7%b3%bb 
American parliamentarians try to restrict the costs of VISA and MasterCard again, and are supported by more people (Free Version) 
Author: AnnaMaria Andriotis
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T10:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T09:08:00.000Z
Description: The US member plans to re -propose a proposed legislation to allow merchants to have the right to handle many VISA and MasterCard credit cards on different networks.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
The US Councilor plans to re -propose proposed legislation so that merchants have the right to handle many VISA and MasterCard credit cards on different networks.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E8%AE%AE%E5%91%98%E8%AF%95%E5%9B%BE%E5%86%8D%E6%AC%A1%E9%99%90%E5%88%B6visa%E5%92%8C%E4%B8%87%E4%BA%8B%E8%BE%BE%E5%8D%A1%E7%9A%84%E8%B4%B9%E7%94%A8-%E5%8F%97%E5%88%B0%E6%9B%B4%E5%A4%9A%E4%BA%BA%E5%A3%AB%E6%94%AF%E6%8C%81-abd4a2e6 
Reviewing research: Is it worth it in Europe and the United States? Or should I imitate Sweden? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T10:22:00Z
Description: Should we rely on compulsory measures, or do people consciously voluntarily? A study by the United States and Swedish economists believes that during the first wave of the new crowns, some countries in Europe and the United States have implemented mandatory control measures. Compared with Sweden such as people such as Sweden, the reduced deaths are very limited. The conclusion they concluded is that compulsory control measures are not proportional compared to the cost paid.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 科技环境
Subjects: ['专题报道：新型冠状病毒']
Keywords: ['新冠', '封城', '封控措施', '欧美', '新冠死亡率']
Id: 65847948
(Voice of Germany) last February, three economists from John Hopkins and the University of Longde, Sweden released a report that reported a comprehensive review of existing research. The conclusion of the report is amazing: Lockdown in Europe and the United States only reduced the mortality by 0.2%during the first wave of epidemic.
However, the report caused great controversy academically. Not only because the three authors are not epidemiology or public health experts, but according to the British "Guardian" report, one -third of their comprehensive review research comes from other economists, and there are no important epidemiology. Studies are included in the evaluation range.
At the same time, how to define lockdown is also the key to affecting the results of the calculation. The Guardian reported that the report at the time of the mandatory commands promoted by any government-academic terms was "non-drug intervention" -s considered a seal-control measure, which included school suspension and shops. It also includes a relatively simple mask obligation.
Professor Adam Kucharski, a professor of epidemiology at the London Health and Tropical Medical College, told the Guardian that such a method is not rigorous. Dr. Joshua Sharfstein, deputy hospital of John Hopkins School of Public Health, kept a distance from the report at the time, saying that this was not the scientific research of "Peer-Review", and the method was The "severe problem" is raised.
The three economists released the report of the second edition after the revised second edition in May last year. Their conclusions have changed a lot: the mortality rate decreased in the first wave of epidemic in Europe and the United States was no longer 0.2%, but instead, but instead, it was 3.2%.
Today, the report is published. However, Professor Kurchase told the Guardian that the content of the book was basically the same as May last year, so many criticisms were still established.
Comparison is a different approach such as Britain and Sweden 
Two of the three authors recently published an article in the British "Daily Telegraph", saying that "choice is never between the control measures and" everything ". If people get information and understand the risks at the time, they will correspond to them correspondingly. Adjusting their behavior-but in many countries, they are not trusted to do so. In addition, our integration analysis reveals the sealing measures to society and economy A series of significant burdens caused by politics. "
The relevant report of "Daily Telegraph" quoted the report stating that in the spring of 2020, Britain did not rely on the people to protect themselves consciously like the people, but adopted forced seal control measures This reduced the number of people who died in the new crown due to the new crown. The three authors believe that this number is compared with the huge economic and social costs brought by the control measures-including the long-term impact of suspending classes on disadvantaged students, multiple psychological diseases, and increased deaths caused by other reasons- It is not proportional.
"Daily Telegraph" pays special attention to the [British situation] mentioned in the report [Britain] mentioned in the report.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/欧洲逾20万新冠病亡-英国占五分之一/a-55319347)Looking back on the first control measures in the UK in March 2020. It is reported that the sealing measures at that time were introduced by Professor Neilferguson at the Imperial University of Science and Technology that the number of people died in the UK may be introduced by more than 500,000 people. It is reported that Professor Ferguson's research at the time showed that even if the social distance and home isolation restrictions were adopted, if it was not further closed, it would still cause at least 250,000 people to die. After the introduction of the seal control measures, Professor Ferguson said that in view of the more stringent social distance and other intervention measures, the number of deaths in the UK may be 20,000.
How to measure whether the sealing measures are worth it, this is itself a problem
Different effects that distinguish between compulsory and voluntary measures are difficult 
Professor Ferguson did not reply to the "Daily Telegraph" interview request for the latest version of the report (the latest version includes British data). But when the report was announced last year, he responded: "The exact impact of clarifying a single 'non -drug intervention' measure is still very challenging, especially because of the most disturbing measures for society and the economy ( Closing all non -necessary shops and home order) is usually used with longer measures such as wearing masks, and as the last means. "
Professor Ferguson said: "Because of the accumulation of immunity in the crowd (from infection and vaccination) and the emergence of new new crown variants, analysis becomes more difficult. Because the people between the country (even inside the country) have a big difference in response to the two measures. "
The Guardian also quoted some experts to point out that it is difficult to determine(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/英格兰实施紧急封锁-德国推出更严措施/a-56132186)Instead, relying on people to consciously and voluntarily take protection measures, what effect will it produce Essence It is reported that Professor Devisridhar, a public health expert at the University of Edinburgh, said that taking Florida as an example, the governor De Santis has adopted a "free" position, but the security measures taken by the store itself are even better than the British mandatory order. It is also strict, such as children over the age of two must also wear masks. In addition, many local shops still have to stop doing business because employees are sick, or customers are afraid of infection.
Dr. Shaf Schinin of the John Hopkins School of Public Health also said that even countries like Sweden have been seriously affected. He added whether it should be legislative and relied on the people's conscious voluntary, depending on many factors such as local situations. "But what is important is that to ensure that people should not be troubled, it is mistaken for the spring of 2020 we can live as usual. That will be catastrophic."
The latest version of the report was published in Germany's obvious attention from the media.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/回顾性研究：欧美-封城-值得吗？还是应效仿瑞典？/a-65847948?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Sudan: Khamoum conflicts continue to confirm with the United States and Saudi Arabia. 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-07T10:25:19
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:25:52
Description: A reporter from the Peninsula TV reported that the conflict between the Sudan army and the rapid support forces in the Khamoumou area was the most intense conflict since the end of the two parties.
Images: [" 1-1686132853.jpg ", " 1-1686133072.jpg "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '苏丹']
Type: Article
 After the truce, the Sudan conflict continues to fight
A reporter from the Peninsula TV reported that the conflict between the Sudan army and the rapid support forces in the Khamoumou area was the most intense conflict since the end of the two parties.
At the time of the development of the above situation, the United States reiterated its commitment to talk to Gada with Saudi Arabia that the two countries promised to be committed to pressure, aiming to achieve a ceasefire agreement, and committed to adopting measures to establish trust between the conflict between the conflict.
At the same time, the Sudan Army Commander and Chairman of the Sovereignty Committee during the transition period, Abdul Fathah Bulhan, emphasized that the rapid support forces must promise to evacuate the hospital, service facilities and citizens' residences, and evacuate the wounded to allow Jida The talks succeed.
Last Sunday, Liyon and Washington called on the Sudan army and the rapid support forces to reached consensus on the new "effective" ceasefire again. Previously, the army announced the suspension of participating in the Gada talks, claiming that "the rapid support forces failed to execute the terms of the agreement and continued to violate the behavior". " Essence
 Will both sides of the Sudan conflict accept the invitation of the Kidda negotiations to reach a new agreement?
negotiation 
Since May, Saudi Arabia and the United States are hosting the negotiations between Gada, and the two parties have successfully reached a suspension agreement. However, due to the "serious and repeated violations" of the ceasefire, negotiations were suspended in early June.
The Sudan conflicts accused each other of the first war, and accused the other party of violating the regulations during a series of suspension periods that continued to conflict since April 15th.
On the other hand, the Sudan sovereign committee media posted on Twitter on Tuesday that the chairman of the committee, Abdul Faritah Bulhan, received a call from Prince Fasal Ben Fahar Han, Minister of Foreign Arabia.
Burhan reiterated his confidence in Gada talks about Sudan's sustainable and peaceful talks in the call. He emphasized that the rapid support forces must promise to evacuate the hospital, service facilities and citizens' residences, evacuate the wounded, and open the road for humanitarian aid. It aims to succeed in Gada talks.
Sudan military sources said they had not made a decision to return to negotiations.
Conflict 
At the time of the development of the above situation, the conflict of the Sudan capital continued. The local residents reported that in southern Khamoum, the "conflict of various weapons" occurred in the southern Karakra area and Haya Street. And, they heard "the explosion of the wall of the house".
Witnesses talked about the conflict between the Amarate block in the center of the capital and the Alidim block, as well as the shelling incident of Endaman's "Heavy Artillery of the Army Center".
A reporter from the Peninsula TV stated that the conflict of using medium and heavy weapons lasted for more than two hours. Photos from Khamoum showed that thick smoke rose in different places.
In the center of the capital, civilians and activists warned the situation at the intersection of the White Nile and the Green River, and the number of residents on the island was estimated to exceed 30,000.
According to witnesses, the rapid support forces prevented the residents on the island from crossing the only bridge connecting the island and the city and prevented them from using ferry to the suburbs of Bachry.
"This is a thorough blockade, if this situation lasts for a few days, the food in the store will be used ... Hospital, "provided by a small health center.
The "Emergency Lawyer" also warned that the "humanitarian situation on the island is deteriorating" and pointed out that it began to restrict it a few days ago.
It is worth noting that since April 15th, there have been a conflict between the army headed by the Boolean and the rapid support forces led by Hermotti in many cities in Khatayoue and Sudan. This conflict has caused hundreds of civilians. Death, thousands of people were injured. In addition, this conflict in one of the poorest countries in the world has triggered a new turns and shelter.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/6/7/%e8%8b%8f%e4%b8%b9%e5%96%80%e5%9c%9f%e7%a9%86%e5%86%b2%e7%aa%81%e4%b8%8d%e6%96%ad%e4%b8%8e%e7%be%8e%e5%9b%bd%e5%92%8c%e6%b2%99%e7%89%b9%e7%a1%ae%e8%ae%a4%e8%87%b4%e5%8a%9b%e4%ba%8e%e5%90%89%e8%be%be 
A shooting of two deaths and five injuries occurred outside the Fouzhou High School Graduation Ceremony in the United States 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T10:28
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:32
Description: 美国弗吉尼亚州首府发生致命枪击事件，一名枪手向刚参加高中毕业典礼的人群开枪，造成两人死亡，另有五人受伤。路透社报道，这起枪击发生在星期二（6月6日），弗州首府里士满（Richmon...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '枪击事件', '枪击案']
A fatal shooting incident in the capital of Virginia, USA. A gunman fired at the crowd who had just participated in the high school graduation ceremony, causing two to die, and five other people were injured.
Reuters reported that the shooting took place on Tuesday (June 6), and the high school graduation ceremony of Richmond, the capital of Fuxi, was held in a auditorium at the Federal University of Virginia. A group of high school graduates and family members participated in the graduation ceremony. As soon as he walked out of the auditorium, he was attacked.
Police arrested a 19 -year -old man and planned to control him with two second -level murders and other charges.
The two victims were 18 years old and 36 years old. A local TV station said that the two deceased was a pair of father and son, and the police did not confirm the news.
According to the report released by the United States' opposition to the violence of guns, "each town must maintain the safety of guns" released in August last year, from August 1st, 2021 to May 31, 2022, a total of 193 kinds of kindergartens and primary and secondary schools in the United States. The shooting event.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401927 
Report: Many large banks in China are about to reduce deposit interest rates (Free Version) 
Author: Singapore editors
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T10:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T09:28:00.000Z
Description: The Chinese state -owned media "Securities Times" quoted people who did not name the banking industry on Tuesday that it was expected that several large banks in China would soon reduce RMB deposits and US dollar deposit interest rates.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
The Chinese state -owned media "Securities Times" quoted people who did not name the banking industry on Tuesday that it was expected that several large banks in China would soon reduce RMB deposits and US dollar deposit interest rates.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%9A%E5%AE%B6%E5%A4%A7%E8%A1%8C%E5%8D%B3%E5%B0%86%E4%B8%8B%E8%B0%83%E5%AD%98%E6%AC%BE%E5%88%A9%E7%8E%87-8bbfce45 
China & QUOT; Wall Disassembling Movement & Quot; Laos Laos lost contact and was suspected of being arrested by cross -border 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T10:38:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:42:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 "Disassembling" sponsor Qiao Xinxin has lost contact in Laos for a week Screenshot of the Rights Protection Network(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-06072023102529.html/@@stream)The initiator Qiao Xinxin lost contact in Laos for a week. The outside world may involve the cross -border law enforcement of China's public security. Some organizations initiate online joint departments, urging the Chinese authorities to explain Qiao Xingxin's whereabouts.
"Disassembly" sponsor Qiao Xinxin reportedly caused the attention of public opinion Qiao Xinxin lived in a Chinese community in Vientiane, the capital of Laos. On May 31, he did not know after the last post of posting in the social media.
Lien Liang, an objection in the Netherlands, said that Qiao Xinxin swimd to the Mekong River near the residence every day. I believe he had an accident after he returned to his residence that day.
Lin Shengliang: "It is very likely that as soon as he enters the door, the person who squatting there immediately controls him. It may be instantly holding him down, holding down, it will definitely resist, and it is too late to send any signs of help."
According to Qiao Xinxin's Laos neighbor, Qiao Xinxin was shot and took away by eight people in police uniforms that day, and six of them were suspected of Chinese public security. Some volunteers went to the scene after the incident, and found that Qiao Xinxin's residence left a lot of personal items. There were mottled traces on the wall, which did not rule out the possibility of blood stains.
Qiao Xinxin's residence in Laos left suspected blood on the wall (exclusively provided by the respondent) Lin Shengliang: "He found blood stains everywhere on the wall. We also consulted a professional. It may be a fight at that time, and the landlord was eager to decorate. This may also be pressured by the local police to give the landlord."
Qiao Xinxin's real name Yang Zewei, a native of Qidong County, Hunan, has long been engaged in news work for a long time. In March of this year, he initiated the "demolition of the wall" with other overseas democrats(BanGFW)It is believed that China's network fence is isolated from the world, and calls for removing the wall. It is understood that the Hunan authorities have recently put pressure on his family members, asking his family to persuade Qiao Xinxin to delete information and return home soon.
Lin Shengliang has called for many times the public security authorities of Qidong County to investigate the whereabouts of their friends. According to him, the authorities have been related to Qiao Xinxin's loss of contact in Laos.
Lin Shengliang: "As soon as I reported the name, they immediately knew. I asked him," Who caught him (Qiao Xinxin)? 'He said, "It's not our case". He is anxious to clarify the relationship. This person was caught by the default. I just called the police station and 110 just now, which confirmed that the case was grabbed by the task force. "
The address book and other personal items left in the residence of Qiao Xingxin (exclusively provided by the respondent)
Involue people such as Lin Shengliang and members of the "Wall Disassembly" are trying to find and rescue Qiao Xinxin. The volunteer Wang Nan of the "Disassembling Wall" said that China, Laos, Thailand and other Southeast Asian countries have a close economic and trade relations. Whether Qiao Xinxin's loss involves cross -border law enforcement of Chinese public security has attracted attention.
Wang Nan: "China (suspected) has caught people more than once in Thailand. Only well -known democrats have been more than three times. As far as I understand, most of Thailand's economy and export trade depends on China, and the economic and foreign trade in Laos is also the main main maintenance of Laos's economy and foreign trade. It's in China. "
The "Chinese Citizen Action Party", which is concerned about the incident, launched a joint agency on the Internet to ask China to explain the incident and stop cross -border arrest of disagreements in exile.
Reporter: Editor of Gao Feng: Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-06072023102529.html 
Can Apple's header Vision Pro detonate virtual reality boom? 
Creator: 《纽约时报》
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-07T10:40:50+08:00
Description: The device is priced at $ 3,500, with a beautifully designed ski goggles. Although there are mixed compliments, supporters said that if any company can make virtual reality a mainstream, it can only be apples with a 2 billion user ecosystem. EPA, Via Shutterstock's attention of the new product launch conference of Apple.
Images: [" 06db-cook-vis... "]
Category: 科技
Type: Article
 Inject iPhone -like magic into the virtual reality, betting 
It is here (or "early next year" is coming): Apple has launched the long -awaited virtual reality equipment Apple VisionPro, that is, the so -called "space computing" of the technology giant. Design exquisite future style ski goggles.
The initial comment was mixed, doubtful question Even if it is developed by Apple, whether virtual reality can be limited to a niche technology. But supporters said that if any company can make it the mainstream, it is to have 2 billion iPhone, iPad, and Mac user ecosystems Apple.
" We believe that Apple Vision Pro is a revolutionary product, " Tim Cook told developers and reporters on Monday. It does look like an Apple product: unlike other virtual reality head wearing devices, the external display can display your eyes to others, and the device is controlled by gestures, eyes movement, and your voice. You can regulate your immersion in the virtual world through a turntable. The virtual world is transmitted to your eyeballs through two micro 4K screens.
advertise
However, Apple shows the immersive versions of applications such as Facetime and Safari on Monday, as well as 3D photos and videos, not complete VR experience Essence The following is the experience of early testers:
• "At the end of the demonstration, I took off the equipment and felt two things: 1) Wow. Very cool. 2) Did I just take drugs?"(https://www.wsj.com/articles/apple-vision-pro-i-tried-the-new-mixed-reality-headset-f49a8811)Written.
• The eye movement function of the device "is the closest to magic I have ever seen", science and technology commentator Max Brownley explain.
• "The most perfect header equipment demonstration in history is still just a wearing device demonstration," The Verge's Ni Lai Patl Written.
Now is the difficult period of virtual reality. The enthusiasm for the virtual world (usually called the Yuan universe) has increased during the epidemic, but weakened as the blockade relaxes. Investors also seem to have shifted to more dazzling new technologies such as artificial intelligence: According to Pitchbook data, startups related to the Yuan universe are in the first five months of 2023 raised about 664 million US dollars , Decreased by 77%year -on -year.
But Apple used to drive the new product category. Don't forget that before Apple released the iPod, the market of portable digital music players was only 3.3 million units in 2000; four years later, it soared to 26.4 million.
advertise
Apple is usually happy to fight for a long time: "They know that this evolution takes time," Gev Phil Hock of the Counterpoint Research told the New York Times. (Then again, Not all Apple products They are very popular. .
Others may make a profit because of the Apple's ride. After the news came out, game developer Unity The stock price rose 17%on Monday, and the media giant Disney said that its Disney+service will be used on VisionPro The stock price soared.
Even the Meta, which is trying to make the Yuan universe the mainstream -has invested and loss Give billion -dollar -may also benefit: its Quest Pro costs low, its latest version starting price is $ 500 Will it eventually become the Android version of Vision Pro?
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/technology/20230607/apple-metaverse-virtual-reality/ 
The United States will launch a new satellite constellation to respond to the threat of China -Russia space 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T10:43
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:43
Description: The American Space Force will launch a group of satellite constellations this summer to track Chinese or Russian spacecrafts that may be paralyzed or damaged in the rail objects. The so -called satellite constellation is a satellite that can work normally ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '卫星', '中国', '俄罗斯', '太空']
The American Space Force will launch a group of satellite constellations this summer to track Chinese or Russian spacecrafts that may be paralyzed or damaged in the rail objects.
The so -called satellite constellation is a collection of satellites that can work normally, usually a satellite network composed of some satellite ring configured in a certain way.
Bloomberg reported that according to the US space force and analysts, this satellite network, known as "Silentbarker", will be the first satellite network to supplement ground sensors and low -earth rail satellites. These satellites will be placed about 35,400 kilometers away from the earth, and the rotation speed will be synchronized with the earth.
In a statement, the Space Force said that this ability can send instructions and warnings on the threat of high -value American systems, and will "provide the ability to search, detect and track objects from space, and discover threats in time." The Space Forces cooperate with the National Investigation Agency (NRO) to develop these satellites.
The National Investigation Agency said in a statement that the satellite constellation is scheduled to launch after July, using the ATLASV booster of the joint launch alliance under the Boeing and Lockheed Martin Company. The launch date will be announced on Facebook 30 days in advance.
China and Russia are developing systems that can launch to track and destroy other satellites, which makes the United States more and more worried that the United States launching silent Bark system is to cope with this threat.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401931 
Sino -Russian sixth joint cruise Japanese and Korean fighter aircraft emergency take off 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T10:54:00Z
Description: China and Russia conducted the sixth joint cruise since 2019 in the Japan Sea, East China Sea, and Western Pacific airspace on Tuesday and Wednesday. South Korea and Japan therefore emergency fighter jets. And this happened in the context of the first three -sided naval exercises on the South China Sea and the Chinese and American wars in the Taiwan Strait.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['韩国', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '日本', '中共十九大', '朝鲜', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['中俄', '中国', '俄罗斯', '联合巡航', '韩国', '日本', '军事冲突', '台湾海峡', '威胁']
Id: 65848825
In the last joint cruise held in China and Russia last November, after the China -Russia fighter entered the South Korean Air Defense Recognition Zone (KADIZ), South Korea also took off the fighter aircraft (information picture) urgently.
(Voice of Germany) China and Russia on Tuesday and Wednesday (June 6, June 7) in the Japanese sea, East China Sea, and Pacific airspace the sixth joint strategic cruise since 2019 Essence
The Chinese Ministry of National Defense said that the cruise was part of the annual cooperation plan of the two armies and stated on Wednesday that "the second phase of the second -time combined air strategic cruise is completed today."
Korea Japanese Emergency Fighter Correspondence 
According to the South Korean military, after four Russian military aircraft and four Chinese military aircraft entered the air defense zone in the southern and eastern part of the Korean Peninsula on Tuesday, South Korea sent fighter aircraft to respond urgently.
The Japanese military said that the Japanese military also took off a fighter aircraft on Tuesday to respond to the China -Russia bomber. According to the Japanese Kyodo News Society quoted Japan's defense province, two Chinese H-6 bombers and Russian TU-95 bomber each flew from Tuesday morning to the afternoon of the Japanese Sea to the East China Sea. The Japanese Aviation Self -Defense Force's fighter was emergency response. China -Russia bomber did not violate Japan's airspace. The Ministry of Defense's judgment of China and Russia's intention is obviously demonstration.
The Ministry of Defense in Japan judged that China and Russia were a demonstration. The picture shows the information of the Chinese bomber
In the last joint cruise held in China and Russia last November, after China's H-6K bomber and Russian TU-95 bomber and SU-35 fighters entered the South Korean Air Defense Recognition Zone (KADIZ), South Korea also took off the fighters urgently. At the same time, several bombers in China and two Russian drones flew into the Japan Sea, and Japan also took off a fighter.
The air defense zone is a area required to take special measures for foreign aircraft to identify its identity. Different from the leader of a country -its territory and over the sea -there is no international regulations on the air defense zone.
The Japanese government "serious concerns" 
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin: "US military ships not far from running to the door of China's house to provoke."
Before the China -Russia joint cruise began in Russia's invasion of Ukraine and Beijing and Moscow, it was the result of its long -term expansion of bilateral relations between the two countries. Essence
In joint cruise in May 2022 The Chinese fighter and Russian fighters are close to Japan's airspace, which coincides with Japan and the United States, India, and Australia leaders to hold a Sifang Summit, which shocked Japan, although China said that these flights were not targeted at third parties.
In response to the latest incident, the Cabinet Governor Matsuna Matsno said on Wednesday (June 7) that it seriously cares about the joint air cruise between China and Russia in Japan, saying it affects Japan's national security.
"Stay to the door of China's home without thousands of miles" 
China's military forces in the Asia -Pacific region are increasing, and the United States and its allies in the region have also added military exercises. Since last week, the United States, Japan and the Philippine Coast Guard held the first three -sided naval exercise in the South China Sea.
The White House stated on Monday (June 5) that the danger of the US military and the Chinese military recently reflected the increasingly aggressive aspects of Beijing in the danger of the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. Essence
Last weekend, a Chinese warship drove near a US destroyer in the Taiwan Strait The distance is only 137 meters. At that time, the United States and the Canadian Navy were conducting joint exercises sensitive to the Taiwan Strait. The U.S. Navy refers to the "unsafe sailing" of Chinese warships.
The dangers that China and the United States occurred in the Taiwan Strait accusations with each other
Not long ago, a video showed that a Chinese fighter passed through a US RC-135 fighter head, and the cockpit of the US military aircraft shakes in turbulence. The Indo -Pacific Command of the United States said that a Chinese fighter aircraft was approaching the US military aircraft in the international aim of the South China Sea on May 26.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin said at a routine press conference on Tuesday: "US military ships run far away to the door of China to provoke."
He said: "He insisted on what is close to reconnaissance and Yao Wu Yangwei near the neighborhood of the territorial sea in China. This is not to maintain the‘ freedom of sailing ’, but to implement the‘ navigation hegemony ’. It is a naked military provocation.”
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中俄第六次联合巡航-日韩派战机紧急起飞/a-65848825?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The Hong Kong Government suspected that the Hong Kong version of the Qingwang was under pressure to stop the June 4th polls and the song forbidden to broadcast the fighting song 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:02:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:10:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Institute of Public Opinion of Hong Kong canceled the "64th Anniversary Survey Report on June 6, 2023" Audio-LLINK: HTTPS: //www.org/mandarin/Gangtai/Ec1- 06072023104755.html/@@ Stream](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec1-06072023104755.html/@@stream)The "June 4th Anniversary Survey Report" with a history of thirty years was suspended before this year was released. The responsible research institutions did not explain the reason, but believed that it was related to the pressure of the Hong Kong government and the Guoan police.
The Hong Kong Government "condemn" the United Nations and the June Association to support June 4th to commemorate the arrested Hong Kong people * "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" or the first "ban song" in Hong Kong 
Cai Yaochang, deputy chairman of the former branch federation, pointed out that the June 4th polls are important data reflecting the political views of Hong Kong people. They criticized the Hong Kong government to prohibit the disclosure of polls and the practice was inappropriate. According to the comments, the Hong Kong Government also issued a "willingness to return to Hong Kong" to the court for a ban on the court for the June 4th polls, and believes that the CCP -style clearance operation in Hong Kong is believed to be in Hong Kong.
The Institute of Public Opinion of Hong Kong originally planned to release the "Sixth Anniversary Survey Report" on Tuesday (June 6), but it was temporarily notified on the webpage on the release date, saying that after the suggestion of the relevant government departments, it was decided to cancel the investigation and release, and and and and offe on the investigation. No more details are disclosed.
The "June 4th" public opinion survey section of the Hong Kong Institute of Public Opinion's website shows that the survey began in 1993 and announced it after June 4th. There are 11 issues related to the investigation, including the Beijing authorities and students in the June 4th incident. Rating the right or wrong, whether to support the vindication of June 4th, believe whether the branch will dissolve, and in 1989, China's current human rights status and so on.
Zhong Jianhua, the deputy president of the Institute of Public Opinion, said that because it has been moved to the UK, it is unclear the reasons and details of the publicity. However, he said that in the past, the Hong Kong Civil Research had two times. It was pressured by the National Security Police and changed its release arrangements. I believe this time is no exception.
Zhong Jianhua: "I believe this time it should be with the Guoan police. I also tried some polls to be under pressure from the National Security Police before, and changed the arrangement of the release. In fact The way of being careful to ask questions is very neutral. However, the Beijing authorities and the Hong Kong government, in the name of national security, suppress Hong Kong's civil society, and prevent some people in Hong Kong from asking some things that make the CCP sensitive. I do n’t want people to mention it (the Communist Party of China) is just some evil behaviors. It does not allow people to expose its scars. It was not sensitive, and now it becomes sensitive. "
** Cai Yaochang: June 4th polls reflect the important data of Hong Kong people's political opinions.
Cai Yaochang, deputy chairman of the former Branch Federation, said that before the disbanding, the branch association mainly through the relevant polls to understand the views of the Hong Kong people on the June 4th incident, and describing data is an important historical record. It is a pity that the June 4th polls with a history of 30 years cannot be announced. It is believed that the Hong Kong government has never indicated that mourning June 4th is illegal, and public power should not be used to put pressure on polls.
Cai Yaochang: "This public opinion survey can record the views of Hong Kong people on some political issues. In addition to the Federation of the Federation, I want to be important to the entire society. Now the government and the police are obviously not a law enforcement act. In the case of, if it is informal, there is also a threat for groups and people. It is inappropriate to follow a rule of law society, and the government should have a clear and public explanation. "
Sanpu: Hong Kong Government suspected that the CCP -style clearance operation in Hong Kong 
Current affairs commentator Sanpu said that combined with the recent Hong Kong government's targeting operations on June 4, and the court's application for prohibiting public or transmitting on any platform, "willing to return to Hong Kong", I believe Beijing is conducting a Chinese -style clearing net in Hong Kong in Hong Kong in Hong Kong. action.
Sangpu: "The overall national security outlook has a cultural security. All the Communist Party of China feels dissatisfied with the Communist Party of China can prohibit it. Because the Communist Party has spent 2020 to the present, it is more than 2 years to clear the democratic faction of Hong Kong in Hong Kong. The investigation reports of the head and face characters, political parties, organizations, and media, and the 64th anniversary of the Hong Kong Civil Research Research could not be made public. The song of "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" may set off a trend of banning songs. The trend of a clearing net uses cultural security to fully calmly use these things, apply the technologies of autocracy to Hong Kong to the extreme. "
He said that in the past June 4th, Hong Kong people also stood up to mourn at high pressure, which may make the CCP think that Hong Kong people have not fully submit, and thus further catalyzed Beijing to press Hong Kong again.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, Editor of Qingqing.com: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec1-06072023104755.html 
Data of Asian stocks show that China's economy continues to be weak 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T10:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 7th) As the latest data show that China's economy continues to weaken, it is speculated that Beijing will launch a new wave of revitalization measures, and investors will still expect the US Federal Preparation Council (FED) this month will suspend interest rate hikes this month. In the case, the Asian stock market is different today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 US Secretary of State AntonyBlinken reported that it will visit China to raise the optimistic expectations of external relations about US -China relations. However, in the case of the Wall Street stock market, the stock market lacks the subject matter, Asian investors have become cautious.
At the same time, the World Bank (World Bank) has estimated the global economic growth next year to warn the global economic prospects.
The Fed's decision -making meeting will also become the focus of the market next week. With the latest data show that the tightening policy of more than a year has begun to play, investors hope that decision -making officials will not increase interest rates for 11 consecutive meetings.
In addition, the Chinese authorities are reported to require large domestic banks to reduce deposit interest rates to boost the economy. Analysts say that the move means that the People's Bank of China considers the fastest interest rate reduction this month.
Market rumors will visit Beijing within a few weeks to return US -China relations to the right track. Brinken was originally scheduled to be in the middle of February, but shouted a card due to the Chinese spy balloon incident.
Brinken is reported to meet the Chinese President Xi Jinping. The outside world expects that the two people will reduce the tension between the United States and China.
Driven from science and technology stocks today, Hong Kong stocks regained the recent rise; the Shanghai stock market has also risen, although the two in the early days have gone up in the early days. The Nikkei index, which has increased by about 20%in March today, closed down 1.8%today to 31913.74 points. The Hong Kong Stock Hang Seng Index closed up 0.8%to 19252.00. The closing of the Shanghai Comprehensive Stock Index rose slightly by 0.1%to 3197.76 points.
As for other Asian stocks, the Taipei and Manila stock market rose, and Seoul was flat. Stock markets such as Singapore, Sydney and Wellington have fallen.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230607-%E4%BA%9A%E8%82%A1%E8%B5%B0%E5%8A%BF%E4%B8%8D%E4%B8%80-%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE%E6%98%BE%E7%A4%BA%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E6%8C%81%E7%BB%AD%E7%96%B2%E8%BD%AF 
Work should not be "power generation with love" 
Creator: SIMONE STOLZOFF
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:04:02+08:00
Description: I can't pay the bill, nor is it a substitute for work guarantee or fair remuneration. Work is a contract economy, and it should not be an excuse for employers to exploit employees. Álvaro Bernis
Images: [" 05stolzoff-ma... "]
Category: 观点与评论
Type: Article
 Last month, Warner Bros. David David David David David Zaslav was interviewed on the company's current profit of $ 50 million in the first quarter of 2023. At that time, he said to the business channel of the national broadcasting company that he believed that " "The love of this industry and the love of work", the strike of the American screenwriter union will end.
This strike has entered the sixth week, and the persistence of the screenwriters has made the facts clearer: unfortunately, love cannot pay the bill.
A general belief is that love is the work guarantee, workplace protection or fair compensation compassion Suitable Replacement Product Especially in the so -called dreaming industries such as writing, cooking, and art, the work of doing it is considered to be a form of repayment.
However, work is a kind of passion or "power generation" confuses the reality of economic contracts. The work is not the assumption of the contract to create conditions for exploitation.
advertise
In fact, creative, mission -driven, and prestigious industries often use their love for their own work to take advantage of their work. According to A Study in 2020 If employers think that employees are passionate about their work, they will more frankly accept the practices of harsh treatment, such as expecting them to work overtime but not paying for their rewards, or asking them to do the task that does not belong to their scope of work and lose dignity. This is because the employers have an unsatisfactory assumption: even if they do not pay, their employees will do this job.
This seems to be information from some members of the American screenwriter union. "Writing is a lofty career," said the drama writer and show coordinating Charles Rogers in Los Angeles. "But the current approach of this industry is to make the screenwriters feel that they should be grateful for themselves in this industry." The employer then uses the gratitude mentality of the practitioners, and there are many people who are willing to replace them outside the door. The workers were paid lower than the salary they deserved.
Practitioners are not the concept of work for money to help industries that help others, such as education. "Education is a call," said the mayor of New York City Eric Adams a few weeks ago. "People who are engaged in teaching do not work for money, but because they believe that children in the classroom will succeed."
This sounds respected, but the contract of the New York City Teacher Trade Union has expired in September last year, and Adams has always opposed the salary increase to teachers, allowing salary and inflation to increase simultaneously. Teachers need better remuneration, not to celebrate the torrent of the teacher's thanks for Zhou.
In a papers in 2018, Fabaz Itars, then a book administrator, created a word to describe how the nobles in her eyes covered in the industry. Ether calls this phenomenon "professional awe"( vocational awe )She defines it as a belief: as a workplace, the library itself is a noble place, so it is considered to be unable to criticize. According to her, employees are more vulnerable to exploitation in a workplace that everyone thinks of noble work. "In the face of the macroelers of culture and freedom, the advocating sufficient lunch time gives people a lot of care," she wrote.
Ether has known himself as a book administrator since his teens. When she studied a library degree, the professors liked poetically calling as a book administrator as a mission and describing the role of the library as the last real democratic agency.
advertise
But in front of the reference book consultation desk, she saw how the idealism of this industry covered her low salary. The head of the first job obtained by Ether after getting a library's degree told her, "No one is a book administrator to earn basic living wages." industry.
During the popularity of the new crown virus, professional awe has been fully displayed. People say to educators that they are engaged in sacred work, but they also tell them that they can only rely on limited resources. Medical staff are considered indispensable, but they often do not get paid or protection measures that are consistent with the serious danger facing at work. In the admirable industry, the nobles in everyone's eyes cover up the harsh working conditions, just like applying frosting cakes with burnt cakes.
Although occupational awe is common in the industry that Jide is good, it also exists in the areas that people rely on brand power to transfer people's real experience of practical experience in employees. Taking the zoo administrator as an example, according to Indeed data, the occupation [average salary] of this occupation(https://www.indeed.com/career/zookeeper/salaries)It is $ 16.51 per hour. Although the management of zoo is romantic (with the canned animals all day!), This kind of work is generally working for a long time, hard work, and cleaning the feces.
Scholars of research organizations Jeffrey Thompson and Stuart Bondon are in one research It was found that in response to the duty of the mission to become a zoo administrator. "On the one hand, it has promoted occupational identity, excellent significance, and occupational importance," they wrote, which officers that "on the other hand," on the other hand, the rigid responsibility, personal sacrifice and high vigilance. " The conclusions they conclude that low wages, poor benefits, and harsh working conditions are often sacrifices to do their favorite jobs.
As I am New Book As described in China, this sense of responsibility and individual sacrifice may not only cause practitioners to mix out the output with their self -worth, but also may have a chilling effect on their willingness to expose their wrong behavior. When you are engaged in a great industry and have a job that makes you feel lucky, you are afraid that losing will make it more difficult for you to stand up and talk.
Fortunately, the workers were recognizing their collective power. Practitioners from all walks of life across the country have organized and are striving for better working conditions.
advertiseThey got a lot of support. According to Gallop Last year's public opinion survey, 71%of Americans support unions, which was the highest in Gallop's record since 1965.
As Eutal said to me, "Workers see that unless they unite to fight, they will be squeezed out and exhausted." As the first step, employers need to realize Love.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/opinion/20230607/employment-exploitation-unions/ 
The United Nations said that the damage of the Ukraine dam will have a long -term impact on agricultural output (Free Version) 
Author: Yusuf Khan
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T09:56:00.000Z
Description: The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization said that the Bohlakka Dam in Ukraine may have a lasting impact on agricultural production in the region.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
FAO(Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations)Said, Ukraine Kahofka Water(Nod)Dams that bombed may have a long -lasting impact on agricultural production in the region.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%81%94%E5%90%88%E5%9B%BD%E7%A7%B0%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E5%A4%A7%E5%9D%9D%E8%A2%AB%E6%AF%81%E6%96%99%E5%B0%86%E5%AF%B9%E5%86%9C%E4%B8%9A%E4%BA%A7%E5%87%BA%E9%80%A0%E6%88%90%E9%95%BF%E6%9C%9F%E5%BD%B1%E5%93%8D-82943960 
Column | Labor Communication: Fujian Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd. closed the factory, not paying the arrears of salary (6) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:07:54-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:07:54-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Photo: RFA AUDIO-Link: https: // Woohoo. Hair dye .org/mandarin/column/labor communication/good place -06072023094538.html/@@ stream After the May 1st Labor Day holiday this year, the workers of Fujian Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd. returned to the factory on the first day of work, and was informed by the factory. Enterprise Close Essence The factory also violated the law that the workers must sign a voluntary resignation letter before they issued the salary of March that had been arrears.
Workers are dissatisfied with the factory's approach to gather at the factory gate to confront the manager. Some workers sent a confrontation scene in Douyin Video Essence
Some netizens commented behind the video that Jiaxin Factory was a good factory that is difficult to enter.
Some netizens left a message saying that a few days ago, a factory next to Wuli Industrial Zone was also the same. The factory had to dissolve, but called the employee to write a resignation, and the salary was only 70 %. Some netizens left a message and said that recently, several Jinjiang factories have disbanded. Why?
It should be asked why!
Obviously it is a factory, but in order to evade the payment of the labor contract compensation, the factory dares to ask the workers to sign a voluntary resignation letter illegally. why?
As early as 2012, the Jiaxin Factory established the "CPC Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd. Company Branch Committee ". Since there are party branches, there should be factory unions. The illegal acts of the factory occur under the eyelids of the party branch and union. So where is the union? And when the workers have already moved their rights to defend their rights, Why can't I see the shadow of the union?
On March 14 this year, that is, Jiaxin Factory suddenly announced the suspension of business and asked the workers to sign the voluntary leaving letter 6 weeks before, China Industry Network had published an article report It is said that the Jinjiang Federation of Trade Unions continue to explore how to better use collective consultations to safeguard the rights and interests of employees and promote the development of the enterprise.
We have reason to doubt that the party branch and trade union of Jiaxin Factory is well -known, and has not played any role in ensuring the right of the workers in the factory. China Industry.com reports that the continuous exploration of collective negotiations by the Federation of Trade Unions of the Jinjiang City is only in order to complete the propaganda tasks and publish the so -called positive energy reported by the unions reported by the unions in various places.
In reality, truly meaningful collective negotiations and collective negotiations have never entered any enterprise. Otherwise, Jiaxin, a 27 -year -old factory, and was a good factory that was difficult to enter in the minds of workers. What about this unscrupulous employer?
With these issues, I tried to find the local unions of Jinjiang there, and tried to persuade the union to enter the scene of the labor and management confrontation, representing the workers negotiating negotiation with the factory. The process can be described as twists and turns.
It turned out that in Fujian, who had been the governor of Xi Jinping, to this day, the village staff knew that the labor and management confrontation had occurred but was unwilling to go to the scene to understand the situation. The so -called grid work is even more terrible. If the labor and capital confrontation is not assigned to the lattice of the union staff, the trade union cannot go over to the scene to represent the workers and the enterprise.
As early as 4 years ago, in 2019, the former General Secretary of Fujian Governor Xi Jinping once scolded Full of food all day long, lazy and inaction.
As the saying goes, you let me go to Yang Guan Dao, but I only love Dulin Bridge. 4 years ago, the current lazy officials actually made a layer of "cocoon" for themselves, and used "making cocoons self -binding".
What's more, in the Jinjiang River, there are still regulations at the township level, and it is not possible to provide the phone number of the union chairman to the people looking for the town union. In this way, I do n’t know if some of the preparation leaders, including the chairman of the union, can hide behind those who are likely to answer calls who are likely to be unliked. What about the day, the muddy day "?
On February 11, this year, that is, the Jiaxin Factory violated the law and required workers to sign the voluntary resignation letter 10 weeks before, China Industry Network once reported report It is said that the Fujian Quanzhou Trade Union deployed the special work deployment of the General President and the Provincial General Manager of the Provincial General Manager, and the municipal and county trade unions quickly acted to establish special classes, formulated plans, and focused on political leadership. Licensed up and down and advance steadily.
However, in this Jiaxin closure factory incident, the special classes, solutions, linkages, and promotion of the bridgehead of Jinjiang Trade Union could not be found at all.
According to China Industry.com, members of the Federation of Union of Quanzhou Municipal Federation of Trade Unions are linked to 1 to 2 county -level unions and 2 to 3 grass -roots unions, which are normalized.
So, as a large factory, which member of the Federation of the Federation of Quanzhou City is connected and communicated with normal communication?It seems that the people who may be responsible for the release of China Industry.com are precisely some people who are "mediocre and peaceful stalls, peaceful peace, and mixed days." These people only care about publication, and do not care about the lack of missing missions in the living incidents such as Jiaxinguan Plant. They do not care whether the exaggerated achievements have happened in the reports issued.
Another report that CICC has also issued on March 2 this year, the title is "[ Fujian Jinjiang Federation of Trade Unions Construction Models full of effects to make the county -level trade union full of vitality "It reported that the Jinjiang Trade Union focused on the" top five "goals with strong political leadership, strong organizational functions, strong service positions, strong institutional mechanisms, and strong functions. , Strive to consolidate the staff and the masses at the grassroots level, actively perform their duties, and take their responsibilities.
However, in reality, during the closing factory of the Jiaxin Factory, illegal violations of the rights and interests of the workers, but the local union staff did not want to go out to the scene to represent the workers, but wait for the workers to come to the door. Do.
In other words, the "five top five" mentioned in China Industry.com, as well as focusing on the grass -roots level, condensing employees and masses at the grassroots level, actively performing their duties, and being courageous. It has not happened, and even has always been a pile of empty slogans that use the "Xuanke of the Make -ups, and have no intention".
In this report, CICC has also piled up a series of new terms, such as: Jinjiang Trade Union innovative "hierarchical fixed, classified management" model, and step by step to grasp the demonstration to form a "cultivation, improvement, demonstration" enterprise with gradual step -by -step enterprises. The construction mechanism of the union, and so on, the clouds of Yunshan are dazzling.
The good situation of enterprises ".
The report also specifically mentioned a bunch of unknown effects, including: creating a working base for the integration of employees in the Jinjiang Economic Development Zone, building a work pattern of "union standing, departmental construction, and sharing of employees", integrating trade unions, justice, mediation mediation For the forces, the service structure of "one center, one stop, two points, two courts, and three rooms" is formed to achieve seamless links of conflict adjustment, labor arbitration, and judicial ruling to resolve the "full response" of contradictions.
Looking at these nouns and numbers, I thought of the two scammers tailors in the Andersen fairy tale "Emperor's New Clothing".
For scammers, as long as the money is coming, as for the emperor's buttocks on the street, it is his own business.
The fantastic achievements of the unions reported by China Industry Network, whether the leaders and the leaders of the Communist Party of China and the Communist Party of China can understand, I don't know anyway, I don't understand anyway.
In fact, you only need to illegally ask workers to sign a voluntary resignation letter with the Jialin Customs Factory, but the union has nothing to do with this two things, and put these two things together. Those all day The true face of the scammers who are busy making new clothes, there is nothing to do.
Please listen to me about illegal infringement of workers' rights and interests in Fujian Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd., and look for the talks of the union. After listening, tell me how you feel.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/laogongtongxun/hdf-06072023094538.html 
China ’s export value in May exceeds expectations (Free Version) 
Authors: ['威廉•兰利', '李若瑟']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-07T11:18:06+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T06:55:99+08:00
Description: The reason is that the global demand for Chinese goods has weakened. Import performance is better than expected, indicating that the recovery of the domestic economy in China is still on track.
Images: [" 000183663_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '贸易', '出口']
Type: Article
 China's exports in May exceeded expectations, because the global demand for Chinese goods weakened. After the economic slowdown caused by the epidemic in last year, the world's second largest economy is re -reviving growth.
China Customs General Administration said that exports in May decreased by 7.5%year -on -year, which is far inferior to Reuters(Reuters)The survey analysts are expected to decline by 0.4%.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099893 
China's import and export data performance is poor by depreciation stimulation to stimulate exports to exchange foreign currency and failure 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:22:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:09:41-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China ’s latest May import and export data has increased slightly in RMB, but converted to the US dollar by 7.5%year -on -year. The picture shows the data chart of Qingdao Port in China ADIO-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/jingmao/ec2-0607202311114.html/@@stream As the world's second largest economy, China ’s latest May import and export data shows that the denomination of RMB has increased slightly, but converted to the US dollar by 7.5%year -on -year. Comments pointed out that the data reflects China's macro -regulation inadequate capacity to turn the tide, and the sharp depreciation of the yuan cannot stimulate the export. It is believed that it will crack down on China's annual economic growth performance.
[ China's first -tier cities are expected to relax the shrinking real estate and rental market in Shanghai.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/gt2-06072023053052.html) Scholars: China ’s unemployment statistics, distortion employment situation is severe *
The China Customs General Administration announced the latest import and export data on Wednesday (June 7). The import and export in May was 3.45 trillion yuan in RMB, an increase of 0.5%year -on -year. However, the price of the US dollar was turned into 7.5%year -on -year, and the atrophy was much higher than the market expectations of 0.4%. It ended the trend of exports for two consecutive months since March of this year. The imports also decreased by 4.5%, and the trade surplus was US $ 65.81 billion, a year -on -year narrowing of 16.1%.
According to the export performance in the first five months of this year, the total value of import and export was 1.677 trillion yuan, an increase of 4.7%year -on -year. However, according to the US dollar, the total import and export value of the first five months was US $ 2.44 trillion, a decrease of 2.8%, and the import decline was larger, reaching 6.7%; the trade surplus was 359.48 billion US dollars, an increase of 27.8%.
According to Reuters, economists believe that poor export performance is related to the weak demand for Chinese goods. At the same time, the demand for re -exports made by imported parts in Chinese manufacturing is also poor, and import performance is not good.
Comment: The era of China's years of dependence on devaluation and exchange of foreign exchange is over 
The Economist Division said that the latest data shows that China has lost the status of the world's factories, macro -regulation is not capable of turning the tide, and even the RMB depreciated sharply, and it cannot stimulate the exports. It is believed that it will crack down on China's economic growth performance throughout the year.
Commander: "In the past few decades, China has rely on devaluation to obtain trade dividends. Even if the renminbi has accelerated the depreciation, China's import and export data still cannot go up. This is probably the biggest problem that the Chinese government has encountered now. Let the renminbi depreciate, the more this way to accelerate the withdrawal from the United States. It is by no means a good signal. "
Comments: Preparation for China to be decoupled with Western countries 
Data show that from January to May of this year, China's total value of imports and exports to Taiwan fell the largest, decreased by about 20 % year -on -year. China's import and export data of New Zealand, Japan and the United States also fell. Increased by 51%, of which export growth increased sharply by nearly 90%year -on -year.
The commander believes that while the outside world pays attention to the poor import and export performance, it is also important to pay attention to the changes in the import and export data of China and other regions and countries, showing that China is actively decoupled with Western countries.
Commander: "If China has a strategic and irreversible friction with the United States, China must completely close the way to retreat for its own country. From the perspective of trade flow, China is actually accelerating its main way to take it mainly to mainly take it mainly to focus on it. The target of trade has gradually shifted from Europe and the United States to Russia, as well as the Central Asian and Shanghai Cooperation Organizations, and countries in the Belt and Road Initiative. Turning in this direction shows that China ’s intended plans to be decoupled with the West."
Commander said that although China is willing to reduce its dependence on Western countries in terms of import and export trade, most markets are settled by the US dollar as a settlement currency, and it is not necessary for China to reduce the US dollar regulations.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, Editor of Qingqing.com: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/ec2-06072023111114.html 
Report: Morgan Chase CEO Dimon told the United States MP that the debt limit should be canceled (Free Version) 
Author: Steve Gelsi
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-07T10:23:00.000Z
Description: According to CNN, Jemin Chase CEO Jimi Dimon called on Democratic members to cancel the debt limit at a closed -door lunch meeting on Tuesday.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
According to CNN, JPMorgan Chase(JPMorgan Chase & Co., JPM)CEO Jimi Dimeng(Jamie Dimon)At a closed -door lunch on Tuesday, the Democratic Party member called for the cancellation of the debt limit.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93-%E6%91%A9%E6%A0%B9%E5%A4%A7%E9%80%9Aceo%E6%88%B4%E8%92%99%E5%90%91%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E8%AE%AE%E5%91%98%E8%A1%A8%E7%A4%BA%E5%BA%94%E5%8F%96%E6%B6%88%E5%80%BA%E5%8A%A1%E4%B8%8A%E9%99%90-37856825 
Pope will undergo hernia surgery for a few days 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Vatican, 7th) Catholic Holy See said that Pope Francis will undergo abdominal hernia surgery in a Roman hospital today. It is expected that he will stay there for a few days.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Holy See spokesman Matteo Bruni said in a statement that the 86 -year -old pope currently suffered from hernia and "causing repeated, painful and deteriorating" symptoms. The Pope had undergone colon surgery in 2021.
The Pope went to Gemelli Hospital in Rome yesterday and stopped in a short time. The Holy See said that he received a "clinical examination" during the hospital.
Fang Ji hosted every week as usual as usual, and then prepared to go to Jemeli Hospital.
"He will undergo a caesarean and abdominal wall surgery in the afternoon ... under the anesthesia of the whole body."
The Holy See said: "The stay in the medical institution will last for a few days to restore the normal postoperative process and comprehensive functional recovery."
Fang Ji has been the leader of 1.3 billion Catholics in the world for 10 years. He has experienced more and more health problems in the past year.
Pope underwent a large intestine diverticulitis at Jemeli Hospital in July 2021. This disease was inflamed in the inner wall of the intestine. He was discharged 10 days later.
Fang Ji also was hospitalized for three nights due to bronchitis at the end of March and recovered after receiving antibiotic treatment.
His right knee and sciatic nerve also continued to pain. (Translator: Lin Yifeng/Calculating Draft: Yang Zhaoyan)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230607-%E6%95%99%E5%AE%97%E5%B0%86%E6%8E%A5%E5%8F%97%E7%96%9D%E6%B0%94%E6%89%8B%E6%9C%AF-%E9%A2%84%E4%BC%B0%E4%BD%8F%E9%99%A2%E5%87%A0%E5%A4%A9 
Trump ’s chief of the White House Chief of Staff Mendus testimony to the Grand Jury 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:36
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:40
Description: The New York Times quoted two insiders on Tuesday (June 6) that Trump, who served as the Chief of White House, has been investigating the Trump case that special prosecutor Smith is investigating to a federal. Granddening trial testament. Smith is appointed by the Ministry of Justice and is responsible for investigating special ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国司法部', '特朗普', '调查', '陪审团']
The New York Times quoted two insiders on Tuesday (June 6) that Trump, who served as the Chief of White House, has been investigating the Trump case that special prosecutor Smith is investigating to a federal. Granddening trial testament.
Smith is appointed by the Ministry of Justice and is responsible for investigating two major criminal cases involved in Trump, including the role played by Trump in the riots of the Congress of Congress on January 6, 2021, and his deal with ](https://www.zaobao.com/realtime/world/story20220824-1306047)Essence
Several sources told ABC News (US Broadcasting Corporation) that Midos answered the question about Trump's attempt to overthrow the results of the 2020 presidential election and the suspected improper processing of confidential documents.
Meidos was the White House chief of the White House before Trump stepped down in 2021. Earlier, he refused to testify the special investigation committee of the House of Representatives on the incident of Congress and was charged with contempt.
Meids's lawyer Twivey did not immediately respond to Reuters' comment request. Smith's office refused to comment on the report.
In a statement written to the New York Times: "I do not respond to whether Midos tests whether Meidos is in front of the jury or any other litigation procedure. Observing legal obligations. "
Trump's three lawyers met with officials of the Ministry of Justice Smith on Monday, including the Department of Justice.
The New York Times said that the investigation of Trump's improper processing confidential documents is about to end.
Many media reports said that the Trump's legal team argued to officials of the Ministry of Justice on Monday that the prosecutor should not take away Trump after leaving his sensitive government materials after he stepped down in 2021.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401938 
As China and the United States intensify, Sequoia Capital splits Chinese subsidiaries 
Creator: LAUREN HIRSCH
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:39:28+08:00
Description: The Silicon Valley Venture Corporation plans to be split into three independent partners. China and India's business will adopt new brands, and European and American business will retain the original name. Several Sequoia executives said the company's global business management has become "more and more complicated." Stefan Wermuth/Bloomberg's management partner of Sequoia Capital Rolov Bota said the cost of running concentrated functions "is not worth it."
Images: [" 06sequoia-mas... "]
Category: 商业与经济
Type: Article
 As China and the United States have increased their tensions on investment and obtaining advanced technologies, Sequoia Capital, one of Silicon Valley's most famous venture capital companies, has split itself and stripped Chinese subsidiaries into an independent company.
The company announced on Tuesday It plans to split into three independent partners, and its business in China and India will adopt new brands, and the name of Sequoia will be retained in companies in the United States and Europe. Sequoia Capital Management Partner Rolov Bota, Shen Nanpeng, President of China, and the head of Indian business, Sha Ellendra Singh, said in a statement that the company's global business management has become "increasing complex".
In an interview, Bota said that Sequoia has been evaluating whether the centralized model has been reasonable for many years. He said that this problem has reached an unsolvable level in the past few months. "We know very well that the cost of putting all these together and the background is not worth it."
"We are increasingly dealing with the conflict of investment portfolio cross -real -body, because the founders really have global ambitions now," Bota said. "The confusion of the brand begins to disturb everyone."
advertise
Sequoia's Chinese business will be named Sequoia(Hongshan)Essence Sequoia's business in India and Southeast Asia will be named Peak XV Partners.
Sequoia Capital has more than $ 53 billion in assets in the United States and Europe, $ 56 billion in China, and US $ 9 billion in India and Southeast Asia. According to a person who understands the fund's performance, in the past five years, the company's business in the United States and Europe has created a return of more than $ 30 billion.
Since entering China in 2005, Sequoia Capital has played an important role in the rapid and rich rise of Chinese technology giants. Its eye -catching investment includes the owner of the video application TIKTOK's byte beating; the Ant Group of Financial Technology Corporation; and SHEIN, a fast fashion retailer. The company has invested in more than 1,000 companies in China, including emerging technology fields such as electric vehicles and biotechnology.
Shen Nanpeng, president of Sequoia Capital China, is a member of the board of directors. In TIKTOK because of the so -called relationship with the Chinese government, Facing the dissatisfaction of American legislators At the same time, this popular application executives are facing the question of whether Beijing monitoring Americans on behalf of Beijing, and the byte beating has received close attention.
Recently, venture capital investors have become more and more cautious about investing in China: Study data from the company Pitchbook shows that the transaction amount last year fell by half to about $ 69 billion, the lowest level in six years. Not all of them are related to the situation of geopolitical tensions. Until the end of last year, the Chinese economy slowly slowed down under the strict "clear zero" limit.
However, with the dominance of the United States and China for the economic leadership, doing business in China has become more complicated, especially in sensitive industries such as technology.
advertise
The United States has been considering restricting investment in China This has aroused strong opposition from some major investors, and also caused some hesitation of Bayeng government officials. They are worried that too wide measures may lead to unexpected consequences. While drafting these possible restrictions, after a period of tension, the US government is also seeking the relief of the relationship between the two parties.
Last week, at the hearing held by the Senate Banking Committee, Paul Rosen, assistant minister of the Ministry of Finance, who was responsible for investing in security, said that the government is "trying to develop a narrow and concentrated plan" to limit Investment of sensitive technology, such as advanced semiconductors, artificial intelligence and quantum computing.
The U.S. government has prohibited domestic companies from selling certain technologies directly to China And monitor Chinese companies' investment in the United States Whether there is security risk.
The Chinese government has recently aimed at the consulting company that is connected with foreign countries, which caused the vigilance of Western executives Essence These companies help foreign companies to evaluate investment and play a particularly important role in China, because it is difficult to get reliable information for companies who want to invest in China.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/business/20230607/sequoia-capital-split-china-india/ 
Column | History of Hiroshi: Fifty -two Lectures Crazy Brainwashing 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:40:09-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:40:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On August 29, 1966, the Red Guards waved the Mao quote in front of the Soviet Embassy in Beijing to conduct a gongs and drums for demonstrations. Associated Press Information Picture Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zonghengdalishi/wee/hist-06072023094915.html/@stream 1. Mao Zedong is a god without physiological activities 
Hello everyone, welcome everyone to listen to "History of the Great", I am the host Sun Cheng. Today, we will continue to conduct a series of historical revolution history.
In the previous lecture, we finished the meeting that launched the Cultural Revolution, which is the expansion of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China from May 4th to 26th, 1966. The meeting passed the "Notice of May 16" that launched the Cultural Revolution, and "knocked down" Peng Zhen, Luo Ruiqing, Lu Dingyi, and Yang Shangkun who used the "flag of flags" to launch the Cultural Revolution. Soon, the first wave of storms in response to the Cultural Revolution appeared in the society. The start date of this wave of storms was May 29, 1966, and it was also a week. On that night, a group of middle school students held a secret party in the Yuanmingyuan relics, established an organization named Red Guards, and affected the historical process.
However, before telling the birth of the Red Guards, we must first look at the social background that it can be born. In the middle of the 1960s, what kind of education was in what kind of campus environment of middle school students at that time?
The first thing to understand is that at the time of the middle school campus, there were extremely strong personal worship of Mao Zedong. The degree of worship can be said to be unimaginable today's middle school students. Although the Chinese authorities are currently promoting personal worship of Xi Jinping, so far this worship has not yet reached the extent of Mao worship at that time -of course, it may be uncertain in the future. Xu Youyu, a historian of the Cultural Revolution, tells the story of a former Red Guards that W Red Guards known as a former Red Guard in his monograph "The Form and Evolution of the Red Guards". In 1966, W was nineteen years old, and he was a senior high school student. He told Xu Youyu: "During the Cultural Revolution, I suddenly thought that since Chairman Mao had to eat and sleep like us, did he also urinate like ordinary people? ? I think he should, but I dare not think that our great leaders do such a low -level thing. I firmly deny that he will use different ways to us. I dare not think about how he solves this problem, and dare not tell others others My doubt. "
On August 1, 1966, after Chinese leader Mao Zedong launched the Cultural Revolution and re -seizing power, he met with revolutionary teachers and students from the country in Beijing.(Associated Press information picture) This sounds very ridiculous, because Mao Zedong is also an individual. Of course, he also needs to eat, drink, and sleep. So, what does this think Mao Zedong like this? It can be said that in his mind, Mao Zedong was not a "person", but a god, at least not an ordinary person.
Xu Youyu's book also quoted the idea of star Liu Xiaoqing in that year. In describing that idea, Liu Xiaoqing said: "I admire Chairman Mao like this. Such love, pure feelings can be said to have no one -star impurities. I gradually grew up understanding personnel. When the child's secret, the first thing I thought of in the vibration of the five thunder was: "Is this the same?" Of course, I will immediately dispel my desecration of my deep love leaders. "
From this point of view, Liu Xiaoqing did not dare to imagine that Mao Zedong would perform sexual behavior like Yun Yun's sentient beings. He thought that thinking about it was also a blasphemy for Mao Zedong. Such logic, like the wentest mentioned above, dare not imagine that Mao Zedong will eat and go to the toilet, all from similar psychology. At that time, countless middle school students, like Liu Xiaoqing and W, did not dare to imagine that Mao Zedong would also conduct the same physiological activities as the general public.
Second, crazy hatred education 
In fact, among the cults that appear in human history, there will be not only objects that let believers love and worship, but also the objects that let believers hate. On the eve of the Cultural Revolution, Mao Zedong worship was the same. Middle school students are not only educated to worship Mao Zedong as a leader, worship as gods without ordinary human physiological activities, but also asks to hate many countries that they have never been to, such as the so -called "US Emperor" and "Su Xiu". That is the United States and the Soviet Union.
Xu Youyu described the international view of the Red Guards at the time in his works, saying: "In the minds of the Red Guards, the United States is the most vicious external enemy in China. With North Korea as a springboard and attempting to invade China, when it was beaten, it ignited warfire in Vietnam, and the purpose was to attack China. In this generation of Chinese youths, not many people knew that the Korean War was because of the Kim Il Sungcheng because of the Kim Il Sungcheng The Northern North Korean regular army invaded the South, and not many people knew that the UN Security Council passed a resolution to authorize the United Nations Army to assist South Korea to repel armed offense. Of course Vietnam's war is the aggression against the United States in North Vietnam. "Cama's article also pointed out that this kind of absurd thing is increasingly before the Cultural Revolution. (See Heart: Interview with the "Cultural Revolution" reflection of Shiyang Director Kama ", which is published in" China Digest "additional issue 375)
On August 10, 1966, the young woman who only knew Zhou Zhou inspired the morale of other Red Guards in Tiananmen Square, Beijing. The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China officially launched the Cultural Revolution on May 16, 1966.(Associated Press information picture) In addition to the United States, another middle school student was educated to ask for hatred is the Soviet Union -in fact, in the political context of the Red China at that time, the Soviet Union was not even worthy of being called "the Soviet Union", but was called "Su Xiu" is also the "Soviet amendmentism" that has been regarded as betrayal of the international communist movement. Xu Youyu's book also described the method of hatred education for the Soviet Union at the time, mentioning that this narrative and touting of China at that time were combined. Xu Youyu's book said: "The depiction of Chinese reality is also a myth. China is said to be the most advanced and best country in the world. Our leaders are loved by the people of all countries in the world, and our army is unparalleled in the world. After the doctrine, the center of the World Revolution moved to Beijing, which is a historical trend: Marx, Engels once hoped that Britain, France, and Germany first broke out the proletarian revolution. After the death, due to the betrayal of Khrushchev, the revolutionary center moved to the east, defeating all emperors, repairing, and anti -anti -people. A system that China has never officially established!), The overturned landlords, rich farmers, capitalists, Kuomintang, and right and other bad elements, hiding in the dark corner to plan to change the conspiracy. Once they succeed, they will be thousands of thousands Millions of people landed. Their method is to make every effort to find the party's agents and launching the water to launch. Therefore, young people are the key to whether the party and the country change color and the success of the world revolution. "
Let's analyze such a narrative. First of all, in this narrative, China is said to be the most advanced and beautiful country in the world. Mao Zedong is said to be a character that has been loved by the world, just like the "envious of the world in the world today's Korean political propaganda The tone of us "is the same. Secondly, Beijing was said to be the center of the World Revolution, and the Soviet Union was said to be the traitor of this revolution. Moreover, not only the Soviet Union is a traitor. There are still many so -called "class enemies" in the Red China that has been steadily established in the Red China that has long been established in the Communist Party. Pull the youth into the water. " The conclusion of this narrative is that these people "once successful, they will land on the ground", "youth is the key to whether the party and the country can change color and whether the world revolution can succeed." : "The Form and Evolution of the Mental Quality of the Red Guards", Hong Kong: Chinese University Press, 1999.)
3. The Logic of Extreme Political narrative with a high unity of the whole society 
Here, it is not difficult to see that the narrative method in this set of education is very similar to the logic used in the May 16th Notice. If you still remember what I said before, there was a word in the "May 16th Notice" violently criticized the "February Outline" launched by Peng Zhen under the leadership of Peng Zhen, saying:
"In short, this outline is to oppose the socialist revolution to the end, oppose the cultural revolution line of the Party Central Committee headed by Comrade Mao Zedong, combat the proletarian left, shelter the bourgeois right, and prepare for public opinion for the restoration of the bourgeoisie. The reflection of thought in the party is a downright revisionism. Struggling to fight with this amendment line is definitely not a trivial matter, but the fate of our party and the country, the future of our party and the country, the party and our party and our party and the country The future of the country is also a top priority that is related to the World Revolution. "
On September 14, 1966, the Red Guards Movement reached a climax. Chinese youths raised their hair quotes, carried the portrait of Marx, and held a demonstration demonstration.(Associated Press information picture) I once said in the previous content that the "May 16th Notice" has increased the significance of the struggle between Peng Zhen and the February Outline to the degree of unsuccessful, and use "a top priority related to the World Revolution". Describe, it can even be said that it has been lifted to a height of "saving the earth". If you simply look at such a paragraph, people who lack the experience of life in that era may feel incredible, thinking that this is completely a complete mad talk and persecution delusion. In fact, such a crazy logic is not only unique to the May 16th Notice. It can be said that at that time, the documents launched by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China were looking at the world with such a crazy logic. Education in school was also using such a crazy logic to look at the world. Publicity is still looking at the world with such a crazy logic. Such political propaganda is overwhelming, covering all over the CCP's governance, depicting the sensational conspiracy and being said to be a grand cause that saves the world with a crazy and exaggerated tone. Such dense, unified, and long -term brainwashing has become part of people's study, work, and life. To this day, we can still see the words of daily life, and some Cultural Revolution will pop up from time to time, showing the depth of this brainwashing. For middle school students who are relatively unstable in the world view, how much such brainwashing will be "magic", it is conceivable.Thank you everyone. This is here this week, we see you next week.
Writing, hosting, production: Sun Cheng
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zonghengdalishi/wenge/hist-06072023094915.html 
Survey report | An artificial intelligence camera immediately notified the Chinese public security when it was expanded by banners 
Author: 自由亚洲电台调查部，自由亚洲电台维吾尔语部记者 Gluchenhra Hoja 联合报导
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T11:44:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:47:12-04:00
Description: Liberty Asia Investigation Department, Joint report from Gluchenhra Hoja, a reporter from Radio of Liberty Asia
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On October 29, 2019, during the China Public Safety Expo held in Shenzhen, China, people gathered at the Dahua Science and Technology Board. According to a U.S. monitoring research company, Dahua's artificial intelligence camera is designed to suppress protests. Andy Wong/Associated Press
A Chinese company that provides camera surveillance technology and sanctioned by the Western governments has launched products. Combined with artificial intelligence technology, it can automatically notify the authorities when someone expands banners.
The first report, pointing out that the American information monitoring and research company IVPM, which has the product of Dahua Technology, said that the purpose of the artificial intelligence technology contained in the camera produced by Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. is obviously to make the protesters sound.
After IPVM made a request for comment on Dahua Technology, Dahua immediately deleted the context of "Jinn" in the product system. However, it can be seen in the versions of the existing Dahua Technology website that the company explained that the use of this technology is "social security" and "social governance" -These are common vocabulary that the Chinese authorities will monitor and arrest them rationally.
During the past few years during the new crown epidemic, this artificial intelligence technology and government tracking technology have been widely adopted in China, and this system of Dahua Technology is only one of the cases of rapid growth of this kind of AI technology.
Critics said that a large number of police in the police in China has significantly increased the ability of authorities to restrict social freedom, control the people, and suppress specific groups.
" system will send a warning message " 
According to _ Dahua website access page _, The artificial intelligence system was launched in 2021 and was put into use in May 2023.
The launch time of this system is exactly in line with the time point of the large -scale investment geographic information system throughout China in 2020.
Charles Rollet, IPVM's IPVM company, said that the public security sector in the regions will use this Dahua artificial intelligence system, but Dahua Technology is the main force of Chinese police equipment.
On May 29, 2019, Dahua surveillance camera installed on the Greater Technology Office of Hangzhou Dahua, China.(Photo source: Agence France -Presse) He said: "The development of banner alarm caters caters to the Chinese market: large government departments are usually police." "This system is intended to be used by the police or a certain form of urban authorities ... In short, unless you, unless you, you, unless you It is to track protests, otherwise it will be unreasonable to automatically track them (protest banner). "
In recent years, the most well-known protesting operation in China-the white paper movement that protests China's new crown and clear policy- _ is a man who starts the protest banner on the overpass _ - This shows that the technology may be related to the police (although the police use a banner tracking technology in this specific case).
Recovery _ United States , U.K _ And _ Australian Government _Stripping Dahua Technology provides a variety of Chinese authorities with a variety of biometric data to perform predictive police to supervise the people's artificial intelligence technology. Earlier, Dahua Technology's internal documents showed that the company provided facial recognition of artificial intelligence technology to track Uyghur people, which caused sanctions in Western countries. Dahua Technology denies specific ethnic groups.
Dahua's official website also posted a video shot in 2020 to demonstrate its artificial intelligence system to shoot the moral banner process, but the video was later deleted. The video commentary said, "If the person holding a banner is monitored within the scope of the camera, and the behavior continues for a long time, the system will send an alert to the police."
Dahua Technology did not respond to the requirements of Radio Free Asia for comments.
Police technology equipment development wave 
Banner development monitoring technology is the continuation of the Chinese police exploring the "development of artificial intelligence and how the technology is put into use", and IPVM's Rules said.
China has collected a large number of people's data for a long time, and the rapid expansion of artificial intelligence technology provides the authorities with a new way to collect intelligence.
IPVM also got a copy last month(https://s.ipvm.com/uploads/embedded_file/80c1a225f27aef8c9c1966e8d63e7eb5f556530e267ffe0acf7618fb5d592c9a/133d7b88-dba9-4137-8efa-0772938d2e19.pdf)_, Show an attempt to show the Chinese authorities intending to use the large -scale data collected.
The purchase invitation notice description: "Traditional police work needs to be transformed into digital, intelligent, convenient, and simple online operation." This notice also said, "Effectively managing police operation models, making it the maximum effectiveness of the public security technology. solved problem."The project aims to create an automatic alarm system and notify the police to the police. Songjiang District is a densely populated suburbs, including a large number of scholars and college students.
The "target group" seeking automatic tracking includes Uighurs; foreigners with illegal residence; key universities and staff; foreign reporters in China; foreigners who have been to Xinjiang or other similar regions; those who accept new crown vaccines; Suspects, sex workers and drug trafficking; and families with unusual electricity consumption.
According to the later removal notice, the Songjiang Public Security Bureau handed over the project to Shanghai Jiyi Technology Development Company, which obviously specialized in contracting government contracts.
Shanghai Jiyi Technology Development Company did not respond to the request of this station.
Like Dahua Technology Company, the Songjiang District Public Security Bureau removed the bidding announcement after the IPVM announced the investigation report in May, and Radio Free Asia could not contact the project manager listed in the notice to seek comments.
" Big Brother " limit 
Wang Songlian, a human rights observation of international human rights organizations headquartered in New York, said that the 26 categories of "target groups" listed in the Shanghai project are the "key persons" identified by the Chinese authorities.
Wang Songlian told Radio Free Asia that "petitioners, former subjects, social psychological disabilities, etc. have been subject to the police" and technical monitoring.
On March 8, 2018, Chinese quasi -military firefighters stood down at the light pole of the Great Hall of the People in Beijing to equip a safe camera.(Photo source: Mark Schiefelbein/Associated Press) GeoffreyCain, the author of the book "Perfect Police State", who specializes in Chinese monitoring methods, pointed out that the authorities' methods of using artificial intelligence tracking people are both advanced and implicit, which is showing China's official views on monitoring.
The parameters they use -tracking the expansion of the banner or the increase in the power consumption of the household (in the bidding project of the Shanghai Public Security) -often the method of pushing, from those behaviors that may be prohibited. Find out -of -the -art behavior to be suppressed by the authorities, such as protests or mining to find cryptocurrencies.
"This reminds me of the era when China began to use a large number of technical monitoring methods in 2016 and 2017." Kane said: "They will track those who suddenly start smoking or drink, or they suddenly buy people who can make tent materials.
"And there is no specific reason for such tracking. They only say that this kind of behavior is suspicious. It sounds like it is unusual as if they choose a few behaviors at will," he said.
"It seems that the authorities are reversed. First, there is a result, so I can put it for a reason."
Discrimination and danger 
But these police measures have a real impact on the targeted ethnic groups.
In particular, the Chinese official large -scale monitoring of the Uighurs' behaviors is the key factor that enables the official to persecute the Uyghur people, and Wang Songlian, the human rights observation organization.
"No matter where the Uyghur people go to China, they will be subject to discrimination and targeted law enforcement by local public security," Wang Songlian said.
On July 15, 2021, tourists were taking pictures near Tiananmen Square in Beijing, and a policeman was watching.(Photo source: ng Han Guan/Associated Press) "This means that they will often be injured -often cannot find places to settle, and hotels cannot be found. Usually, when they take a train, they will be investigated and questioned."
According to media agencies in China Digital Age(https://chinadigitaltimes.net/2023/05/cdt-report-cloud-cover-police-geographic-information-system-procurement-across-china-2005-2022/)_, The boom of the Chinese police betting resources to buy the tracking system first was first seen in 2017, followed by 2020, and rose during the new crown epidemic.
The report pointed out that "some contracted contracts are exactly the government's purchase of other monitoring systems specially targeted at Uighurs," "" In addition, there are quite dense monitoring system procurement in many Uighurs or other ethnic minorities. "
Wang Songlian pointed out that what is worrying is that "these (artificial intelligence monitoring) systems, the different application methods have enabled the Chinese authorities to infringe human rights in different ways."
"When these technologies are so cheap and can be widely used, in the context of the Belt and Road Initiative, in view of the Chinese government's influence of the Chinese government, they have spread rapidly and adversely affect global human rights," she said.
Ruo Le agreed to this. He said, "I can imagine that such monitoring and law enforcement happened in other countries." "I think the biggest risk is that this has given a precedent for other countries and how to apply these technologies to other countries. Do you understand? "
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/ytbdzhuantixilie/diaocha-baodao/mz-06062023121301.html 
The EU introduced counter -tooling tools to say "no" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T11:53:00Z
Description: In order to prevent China such as economic coercion and intervene in the political decision -making of EU member states, the European Union is about to launch counter -control tools. Previously, Lithuania agreed to set up a representative office in the country because Lithuania agreed to the establishment of a representative office in the country, and Beijing had imposed large -scale economic sanctions on Lithuania.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: ['德中关系', '希腊债务危机', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '诺贝尔奖', '欧洲难民危机']
Keywords: ['制裁', '经济制裁', '中国', '欧盟', '反制措施', '驻立陶宛台湾代表处', '台湾']
Id: 65849853
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) In the future, if any country interfere with the political decision -making of the European Union and its member states, it will be sanctioned by the EU. On Tuesday, the representatives of the EU Parliament and the government representatives of the member states reached a consensus on a new sanction tool. In the future, if the third country tries to interfere with the political decision of the EU or its member states with improper economic sanctions, the EU will be able to counter the country's improving punitive tariffs.
Other response methods also include restricting the country's direct investment in the European Union and bidding in public projects in the European Union. In addition, the European Union also stated that restrictions on the relevant transactions of the service industry will also become possible sanctions.
The reason why the EU introduced the above countercroof tools was that in the past few years, the EU and its member states have become the target of economic coercion of the EU foreign countries many times. For example, China has implemented trade restrictions on Lithuania, and the European Union believes that such restrictions do not meet the relevant provisions of the World Trade Organization, but also have a joint impact on the exports of the EU's internal market Essence It is generally believed that the cause of economic sanctions on Lithuania was that Lithuania had previously upgraded diplomatic relations with Taiwan and allowed Taiwan to open a representative office in the country's capital. This move has caused strong indignation in China, because Beijing has always seen Taiwan Bay as a province in China and does not have an independent state status.
The European Commission stated that the newly introduced counter -tooling tools may have an impact on the EU's future legislation, or at least to avoid the tedious procedures of the EU temporarily opening sanctions. According to the relevant statement, for this purpose, the European Union can introduce additional, discriminatory tariffs, and deliberately delay or refuse to issue permits for specific businesses. Other methods that can be adopted also include additional border inspections and security inspections of goods from specific countries, or resisting goods and investment in specific countries.
EU Council Vice Chairman Dongbrovskis: "Anti -Tools will enable us to defend our legitimate rights and interests."
On Tuesday, Veatisdombrovskis, vice chairman of the European Commission, who is responsible for economic affairs, said: "This anti -economic stress tool will enable us to firmly defend our legitimate rights and interests." He said, he said, he said, " The final consensus on this counter -tooling tool means that the European Union has taken an important step. East Brovskis emphasized that sanctions should only be used as the last means when they are unsuccessful. It is just a deterrent method. Before taking sanctions, we must first talk with relevant non -EU countries. When the dialogue is unsuccessful, the possibility of mediation, arbitration or judicial trial should also be considered.
Before the anti -economic coercion regulations are officially effective, they need to be approved by the EU Council and Parliament. However, it is generally believed that there is no suspense for the approval of the regulations. The European Commission believes that this new anti -economic stress tool can be officially opened this fall.
At a regular press conference of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, a spokesman Wang Wenbin responded to the EU's "anti -economic stress tool". He said: "First of all, what I want to talk about is about Lithuania's error on the issue of Taiwan -related issues. Our China has repeatedly stated its position. China and the European Union are victims of economic coercion in the United States. The United States and other countries in accordance with the European Union and other countries restrict exported semiconductor production equipment to China. This scientific and technological bullying is seriously impacting the development of the semiconductor industry, which not only harms the interests of China and the EU, but also destroys the rules of multilateral trade rules. , Seriously impact the world economic order. We hope that the European Union and the international community will oppose the economic coercion of the United States. "
Beijing 
(German Press, Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/欧盟出台反制工具-对外来经济胁迫说-不/a-65849853?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
OECD repaired this year's global economic growth rate to 2.7% alert recovery road is long 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T12:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T11:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 7th) Inflation is relieved, coupled with China's epidemic unblocking, the Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD) today slightly increased the estimated value of the world economic growth rate this year to 2.7%, but it warned that the economic recovery of economic recovery Facing "Long Road".
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The economic cooperation and development organizations headquartered in Paris predict that this year's global economic growth rate will reach 2.7%, which is higher than the estimated 2.6%in March, and increases the economic growth rate of the United States, China and the euro zone. But this is still lower than the 3.3%economic growth rate in 2022.
Clarelombardelli, chief economist of Economic Cooperation and Development Organization, wrote in the economic outlook report of Economic Organization: "The global economy is getting better, but to obtain strong and sustainable growth, facing a long way to face the way Walk."
Ronbadley pointed out: "According to the past standards, recovery will be weak."
The Economic Organization forecast for the global economic growth rate in 2024 at 2.9%.
According to the OECD, the decline in energy prices, the resolution of the bottleneck of the supply chain, and the re -opening up earlier than China are expected to help the economic recovery.
However, according to data from the Economic Organization, the core inflation rate after eliminating large fluctuations and energy prices is higher than previous expectations.
The Economic Organization says that this may force some central banks to further increase the cost of borrowing. These central banks have raised interest rates to curb consumer prices.
"Some central banks must maintain a tightening monetary policy until there are clear signs that the potential inflation pressure is weakening."
The OECD also warned that the rise in interest rates around the world "more and more obvious can be felt", especially in real estate and financial markets.
The report states: "As investors re -evaluate risks, credit conditions are tightening, and some financial market areas have begun to show signs of pressure."
The Economic Organization also warned that almost all countries' budget deficits and debt levels were higher than before the epidemic, because they must support the economy to bear the blockade of COVID-19 (2019 coronary virus disease) and the impact of Russia's war in Ukraine.
"As the economic recovery comes, financial support should be reduced and more targeted as the economic recovery."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230607-oecd%E4%B8%8A%E4%BF%AE%E4%BB%8A%E5%B9%B4%E5%85%A8%E7%90%83%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E6%88%90%E9%95%BF%E7%8E%87%E8%87%B32-7-%E7%A4%BA%E8%AD%A6%E5%A4%8D%E8%8B%8F%E8%B7%AF%E6%BC%AB%E9%95%BF 
Premier Fiji: Considering the abolition of police exchange agreement with China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T12:06:00Z
Description: Fiji Prime Minister Lantuka said on June 7 that Fiji was reviewing the police exchange agreement with China and considering whether it was completely canceled. He said he hopes to "cooperate with similar democratic values, as well as legislative, judicial systems such as legislation and judicial".
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '刘晓波', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '人权', '零八宪章']
Keywords: ['斐济', '中国', '警察', '警察交流协议', '民主', '价值观', '立法', '司法', '制度', '太平洋岛屿']
Id: 65850043
Sitiveni Rabuka was appointed Prime Minister of Fiji in December 2022
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Fiji Prime Minister Sitiveni Rabuka said on Wednesday (June 7) that Fiji is reviewing a police exchange agreement with Chinese police and considering whether it is completely canceled.
Fiji and China signed a memorandum of understanding in 2011 to allow Fiji police to receive training in China. At the same time, China sent police to Fiji.
But since winning power six months ago, the coalition government led by Langbaka has shown more doubts about the close relationship with Beijing.
In January of this year, Langbca told the local media that he believed that the agreement with the Chinese police "did not need" to continue, but had not made a clear decision.
During a state visit to New Zealand on Wednesday, the Prime Minister of Fiji stated that with the review of the review, the agreement has been put on hold. He told reporters in Wellington: "When we are in office, I said that if our values and systems are different, what can we get from their (China) cooperation?"
"When we decide whether to go back or follow the previous road, we need to examine this again -Lantuka said with national cooperation with similar democratic values and legislation and judicial system."
Fiji and China signed a memorandum of understanding in 2011, allowing Fiji Police to receive training in China (information picture)
New Zealand and Fiji Agreement will be agreed next week 
Fiji Prime Minister Langbaka also stated on Wednesday that New Zealand and Fiji are agreed to a national defense agreement that will strengthen contact between the two countries and help the construction of the Fiji National Defense Army's capabilities and skills. New Zealand signed a partnership statement with Fiji last year. The two sides agreed to cooperate in terms of security, protection of common interests and economic vitality.
When Lantu met with senior officials of the New Zealand government, including the New Zealand Prime Minister and the opposition leader, told the media that the two parties would settle the National Defense Agreement next week. Lantuka said, "The agreement will allow national defense officials to learn from all aspects, including capacity building and skills improvement, and contact new technical operations and technical support."
The background reached by this agreement is New Zealand, Australia, and its partners seeking to prevent the establishment of security partnerships from the Pacific Islands and China Essence China reached a security agreement with the Solomon Islands last year. (Reuters, Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/斐济总理-考虑废止与中国的警察交流协议/a-65850043?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Sino -Russian United Air patrol, Korean and Japanese fighters take off urgently 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-07T12:25:20
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T12:25:46
Description: The Chinese Ministry of National Defense said that the joint patrol with Russian bombers was part of the first exercise began in 2019.
Images: [" 1-1686140453.jpg ", " 2-1686140465.jpg ", " 3-1686140473.jpg "]
Topics: ['军事', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '新闻', '中国', '俄罗斯', '日本', '韩国']
Type: Article
 The F-15 of the Korean Air Force, such as photos taken from the cockpit of the US military aircraft in July 2017(Reuters)According to local media reports, during the Chinese Ministry of National Defense, it was a joint patrol exercise, and the Chinese and Russian military aircraft entered the South Korean Air Defense Recognition Zone (Kadiz) without notice. Subsequently, the Ministry of National Defense of South Korea filed a "solemn" protest to Beijing and Moscow.
On Tuesday, June 6, in order to respond to the emergence of four Chinese and four Russian military aircraft, South Korean fighter aircraft took off urgently. These aircraft did not violate South Korean airspace, but did enter the South Korean air defense identification zone.
Different from the airspace of a country, the airspace above its territory and the first sea, and there is no international rules about the air defense zone.
According to the Yonhap News Agency on Tuesday, the co -meeting of the Chiefs of Staff of South Korea said that the aircraft is expected to be identified when entering the air defense zone to "prevent accidental conflicts."
The Yonhap News Agency quoted a statement of the joint meeting of the chief of staff reported that "our army identified it before the China -Russia aircraft entered the air defense identification zone, and deployed the air force fighter aircraft for tactical deployment to prepare from time to time."
According to the Yonhap News Agency, the South Korean Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday on Wednesday that it has protested to the Chinese and Russian embassies in the Seoul Embassy and expressed regret for their military planes as "the sensitive areas near our airspace".
The Yonhap News Agency added that the ministry called on the two countries to "take appropriate measures to prevent such situations and point out that such flight activities may lead to regional tensions."
Japan also stated that it also took off a fighter on Tuesday to respond to two Chinese bombers over the Japanese sea with two Russian bombing opportunities and flew to the East China Sea together, and then the two Chinese fighters and their rounds.
The Ministry of National Defense said that the joint patrol was part of the cooperation plan between Beijing and Moscow, and it was also the sixth time since 2019.
In November 2022, during the last joint patrol of China and Russia, the Chinese "Boom 6K" bomber and the Russian "Tu-95" bomber and the "Su-35" fighter aircraft entered the air defense identification area. Essence
In addition, during a joint patrol in May 2022, the Chinese and Russian fighter aircraft were approaching Japan with the United States, India and Australian leaders in the United States, India and Australia leaders. Although China said that this patrol was not for intimidation, this air exercise caused Japan's alertness.
The joint patrol of Beijing and Moscow is part of the relationship between the two countries, the so -called "unlimited" partnership.
As China continues to expand its military footprints in the Asia -Pacific region, allies in the United States and its regions are also increasing military exercises.
The White House recently warned that there will be fierce conflicts in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea.
 The U.S. Navy released a close -range contact video with Chinese warships(Peninsula TV Station)U.S. Defense Minister Laud Austen said at the Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore on the weekend that Beijing and Washington needed to strengthen communication to avoid crisis.
Laud said that he was unwilling to participate in the "better crisis management mechanism" among their respective troops.
He said, "The deeper we talk, the more you can avoid misunderstandings and misjudgment that may cause crisis or conflict."
Austin also specifically mentioned that Chinese aircraft "adventure interception in the United States and allies of the United States and allies that legal flights are legally flying internationally."
He said, "We will not be frightened by dangerous operations at sea or internationally."
Regarding this, China claims that Washington conducts such incidents on a close -up reconnaissance of Chinese territory.
 China blame the fighter incident on the "provocation" of the United States(Peninsula TV Station)
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/6/7/%e4%b8%ad%e4%bf%84%e8%81%94%e5%90%88%e7%a9%ba%e4%b8%ad%e5%b7%a1%e9%80%bb%e9%9f%a9%e6%97%a5%e6%88%98%e6%9c%ba%e7%b4%a7%e6%80%a5%e8%b5%b7%e9%a3%9e 
The impact of geopolitical risks? Sequoia Capital split China's business in China and Indo -Pacific 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T12:44:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T12:44:00-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Chinese business of SequoiaCapital, the company of American Risk Investment, the trademark of Sequoia China Network screenshot
The US venture capital leader Sequoiacapital announced on the 6th that the company's business will be split into three. The business between the United States and China, India and Southeast Asia will be completely split. Among them, the name of Sequoia China will be from the current "Sequoiachina ", Renamed the word" Sequoia "Chinese Pinyin hongshan. In addition, its Indian and Southeast Asian businesses were also divided and renamed Peak XV Partners.
The rest of the US and European business follow the current name, and the spin -off will be completed before March 31, 2024.
ROELOF BOTHA, Sequoia Capital Management Partner, Shen Nanpeng, President of China, and the head of Indian business in a statement in a statement, said, " ... This makes the use of centralized background functions a barrier, not an advantage. "
Reuters also quoted sources as saying that the Bayeng government of the United States has been formulating new regulations restricting US investment in China. Sequoia Capital has hired a national security company to provide suggestions on how to reduce such risks. Although geopolitics was not mentioned in the statement, Reuters said in the report that economic challenges and geopolitical tensions were difficult to raise funds and investments and eroded the return of global risk funds.
Sequoia Capital has entered the Chinese market since 2005, and has invested in more than 1,200 companies, including Ant Group, Meituan, byte beating, and emerging technology fields such as electric vehicles and biotechnology.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-06072023123338.html 
Zhou Xiaochuan talks about the Belt and Road Initiative: China should do risk management and think about the role of debt reorganization 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T12:46:33-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T12:46:33-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Information Picture of the former President of the People's Bank of China Zhou Xiaochuan Reuters
Zhou Xiaochuan, deputy director of the China Boao Forum for Asia and former President of the People's Bank of China, delivered a speech on June 7 on "Analysis of Several Economic Issues in One Belt and One Road", saying that the "debt trap" of the "Belt and Road" said that China would need more China. Do a good job of risk management, but many debts should not be understood as sovereign debts. In addition, China should think about the future role in debt restructuring, as well as international multilateral arrangements.
He said that China ’s financing of the“ Belt and Road ”project is mainly on the two banks of China National Development Bank and China Import and Export Bank. A lot of decrease.
Regarding whether China joined the "Paris Club", an informal organization consisting of multiple debt -owned countries with a debt arrangement for debt countries and debt countries. Zhou Xiaochuan said that the Paris Club is a "rich club" and has colonialism with colonialism. Shadow, China is still developing countries and "poor buddy", with different nature. However, he admits that China should think about the role of the future debt restructuring and the international multilateral arrangements. "Although multilateral institutions claim to pay attention to developing countries, they actually help western countries more."
During the Hangzhou Summit of the G20 (G20) in 2016, the West strongly called on China to join the club, but because China did not form a consistent opinion within China, it was not a formal member. This year is the 10th anniversary of China's proposal to propose the "Belt and Road" initiative. This station has previously reported that the outside world pays attention to the issue of developing the debt trap of Chinese debt due to participating in related projects. Because China is recovering debts from developing countries, Pakistan Kenya, Laos and other poorest countries are facing economic instability problems.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-06072023124513.html 
Ukraine is estimated to have a threat from the 7th to more than 40,000 people on the 7th to top of the flood 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T12:50
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T12:50
Description: Ukrainian officials said the flood caused by the explosion of the large -scale dam in the new Khahofka City is expected to reach the flood on Wednesday (June 7). The United Nations warned that the consequences of the dam to Ukraine were "serious and far -reaching." Reuters reports that Ukrainian officials estimate that the flood will be on the week ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '联合国', '水坝', '洪水', '威胁', '白宫']
Ukrainian officials said the flood caused by the explosion of the large -scale dam in the new Khahofka City is expected to reach the flood on Wednesday (June 7).
The United Nations warned that the consequences of the dam to Ukraine were "serious and far -reaching."
Reuters reports that Ukrainian officials estimate that the flood will reach the highest water level on Wednesday, and about 4,200 people living along the Dieber River are facing threats.
On the other hand, Grefis, deputy secretary -general and emergency relief coordinator of the United Nations in charge of humanitarian affairs, told the Security Council that the Ukrainian dam was determined. " They will lose their homes, food, safe water and livelihood. "
"The seriousness of this disaster will not be fully appeared in the next few days."
There are no preliminary deaths reports that have not been flooded at present, but American White House spokesman Kerbiri said on Tuesday (6th) that floods caused by dams may cause "many people to die."
The Ukrainian authorities said that New Carhofka Hydropower Station Dam was bombed by the Russian army This may pose an additional threat to the security of Zapolo Nuclear Power Station. According to the person in charge of the new Khahofka administrative authorities appointed by Tas Seshe on the same day, it was Ukraine's shelling of the dam.
The White House in the United States says At present, it is still impossible to conclude that the cause of the damage to the damage of the Ukrainian dam 。
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401954 
Tianjin Country Garden Community residential building tilted 4,000 people evacuated Chinese media to expose live aerial photos on the spot 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T12:53:56-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T12:53:56-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In the Fengjin Courtyard of Country Garden, China, many roads and grass leather have settlement and cracks Web image
Several residential buildings have been inclined in Tianjin Country Garden Community in Tianjin. As of June 3, nearly 4,000 people have been evacuated. The Chinese media "Daily Economic News" released many aerial photos on the 5th on the 5th. It can still be seen on other Internet platforms, but it has been removed from the official website of "Daily Economic News".
According to the report that can be seen at present, some buildings in the Tianjin Fengjin Court have visually crooked, and the degree of skewing is not obvious. The most obvious tilt is a low -red building next to Fengjin's courtyard. The report describes that this is the most serious in all the affected buildings.
It is reported that compared with the tilt of the building, the large cracks at the ground connection of some buildings are relatively obvious, and many cracks are tens of cm wide; many roads in the community have a large degree of bulging, cracking, and even cars passing through through the cars pass by. There will be a phenomenon of rubbing the chassis. Small cracking is everywhere.
It is reported that "such a large area of sinking in a short period of time is relatively rare at home and abroad."
According to the official report, 3,899 people have been evacuated by several residential buildings in Tianjin Country Garden Community, China. At present, geological experts have been on the scene to conduct investigations. The expert group has set up a safety control area at the scene and adopted measures to avoid further settlement on the ground.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-06072023124806.html 
Programming Ms. Bei Ms. By Twitter was canceled 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T12:57:02-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T12:57:02-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Ms. Bi, the wife of Chinese well -known blogger Ruan Xiaohuan(Picture left)Ms. Bei Twitter Screenshot
"Programming" Blog Master Ruan Xiaohuan's wife, Ms. Bi, lost contact in Shanghai at the end of May. There is still no news to this day. On June 6, she was canceled for her husband's injustice.
This station previously reported that Chinese well -known blogger Ruan Xiaohuan was "programmed" in the current political blog because of business discussion. In February this year, he was sentenced to 7 years in the first instance of "inciting subversion of the state power". Unexpectedly, on May 31, it was reported that I lost my contact in Shanghai on May 31.
Su Yutong, a special reporter who has maintained close contact with Ms. Bei, has been in close contact with Ms. Bo Germany, and this special reporter of this station has called for urgent attention and pointed out that Ms. Bei had been taken away by the Shanghai Public Security Director Hailu Police Station and could not contact the outside world. Su Yutong said on Twitter that the telephone number of the Shanghai Changhai Police Station and the General Administration of Public Security could not be connected on June 6, and then Ruan Xiaohuan's mother's phone could not be connected. And calling her public security call, asking her not to provide personal information.
At present, this station cannot independently verify the above situation and Ms. Bei's whereabouts and will continue to follow up.
Su Yutong, a member of Ms. Betta's German German, announced that it will launch a large -scale event against Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang in Berlin on June 20. Germany's Prime Minister Olafscholz reported that Li Qiang invited Li Qiang to visit Germany in April and scheduled to hold a high -level and high -level consultation meeting in Berlin on June 20.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-06072023125517.html 
"Xi Jinping Quotations" appeared in the college entrance examination composition questions 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T13:01:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:02:35-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On June 7, nearly 13 million middle school graduates participated in the college entrance examination. The picture shows the Beijing candidate fish entering the examination room for the first day of the examination. Associated Press Picture
The Chinese college entrance examination appeared, and the content of the examination also became the focus of the Internet. On June 7, the Chinese subject examination was over, and the composition questions across the country appeared on Weibo hot search, and accidentally appeared "Xi Jinping's quotations".
According to the Chinese media "Surging News" report, the national Volume B of the Chinese Ministry of Education, the composition test question "blows out the lights of others will not make yourself more bright; "Far", "One flower is not the spring, and the flowers are full of spring. If there is only one kind of flowers in the world, even if this flower is beautiful, it is monotonous." The General Secretary's speech spoke universal truth in vivid images ", and asked candidates to write an article to reflect their own thinking.
The first paragraph of text Xi Jinping attended the content of the speech during the conversation between the Communist Party of China and the high -level dialogue between the Chinese Communist Party in March this year. When BYD Automobile responded to the Great Wall Motor Reporting incident a few days ago, he quoted the first paragraph, but now it just crosses Volume B's composition questions, which has attracted attention on the Internet. ah". However, some netizens said, "Didn't you just want to point to the United States? This kind of words have begun a few years ago, and now the official criticism is not enough. Do you want to mobilize the whole people to criticize it again?", Criticized the Chinese government "not even the college entrance examination Let it go. "
There are 7 sets of test papers in the Chinese composition of the college entrance examination this year, including 4 test papers of the Chinese Ministry of Education Examination Center, and Beijing, Tianjin, and Shanghai propositions.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-06072023125820.html 
Wulinba Break and brewing floods have been withdrawn more than 2,700 people 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T13:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T12:35:03+00:00
Description: (AFP, Kiev, 7th)) The Kakova Dam in the Russian occupied area in southern Ukraine was destroyed yesterday, which led to the collapse of the Dieber River. Russian and Ukraine officials today stated that more than 2,700 residents have evacuated.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A spokesman for Ukraine Salvation Services, Oleksandrkhorunzhyi, said on TV: "More than 1,450 people have evacuated and there is no news of casualties." He also said that the water level of Kherson has risen by 5 meters.
Officials have stated that thousands of residents will be forced to leave their homes, and many people are already trying to evacuate themselves.
Tatyana Kuzmich, the deputy governor of Heruson, Moscow, said on the Russian National Television that 1274 people were evacuated by 1274 people controlled by Russia, including 38 people rescued from the roof of the house. However, there are still some residents who are trapped.
Kakhovka Dam was exploded, and Russia and Ukraine accused each other of the culprit. The leaky flood has caused a small city to flood, and more than 20 villages were flooded.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E4%B9%8C%E5%8D%97%E6%B0%B4%E5%9D%9D%E7%A0%B4%E8%A3%82%E9%85%BF%E6%B4%AA%E6%B0%B4-%E5%B7%B22700%E5%A4%9A%E4%BA%BA%E6%92%A4%E7%A6%BB 
US media: Before the explosion of Beixi Pipeline, CIA had some mastery of the plan 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T13:11:00Z
Description: According to the Washington Post, last year, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency had mastered intelligence three months ago, and Ukraine plans to implement such a destruction three months ago. Moreover, Germany knows this.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '欧债危机', '俄罗斯', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '德国', '留学德国', '专题报道：“8·12”天津滨海爆炸事件', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选']
Keywords: ['北溪', '天然气管道', '爆炸', '乌克兰', '美国', '中情局', 'CIA', '俄罗斯', '德国', '情报']
Id: 65851192
The Washington Post reported that the CIA wrote an intelligence report on the Beixi explosion plan according to the information provided by a Ukraine, and shared the report with Germany and other countries in Germany and Europe in June 2022.
(Voice of German in Chinese) The Washington Post reported that in June last year, American Central Love Bureau (CIA) Intelligence from a European intelligence agency learned that the action team composed of six members from Ukraine Special Forces was ready to bomb Beixi Natural Gas Pipelines in a secret diving operation.
These intelligences were shared by the US Air Force National Guard Jackteixeira on the communication software Discord. In April of this year, Tesyra was arrested for leaning US military secrets. The Washington Post has obtained a copy of these intelligence from a netizen in Tessira.
It is reported that according to the information provided by a Ukrainian, the CIA wrote an intelligence report on the Beixi explosion plan, and in June 2022, with [Germany],(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/北溪爆炸疑云不散-德国当局选择沉默/a-64786212)I shared this report with other European countries.
The report also pointed out that officials in many European countries have confirmed that the intelligence briefing leaked in Discord is consistent with the content of the Intelligence Bureau of the European Intelligence Department.
It is reported that the participants who destroyed the plan directly towards the Ukrainian Armed Forces Commander Vallery Zarushni(Valerijsalschnyj)Reported. The relevant Ukrainian personnel deliberately concealed the plan to President Zelezki, so that he could more crediblely denied Ukraine's responsibilities.
U.S. National Security Council spokesman John Kobe(John Kirby)On Monday (June 5), the investigation of the Beixi explosion was actively carried out. He said he would not comment on the case investigating.
The Russian Embassy in the United States said on Wednesday that the "Washington Post" reported that the content of the United States about the plan before the Beixi natural gas pipeline explosion was part of Western countries trying to confuse the facts of the facts.
Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine last February, Europe's dependence on Russia's natural gas has become the focus of politics. On September 26, the Beixi Natural Gas Pipeline Project Beixi No. 1 and Beixi II, located in the Beixi Natural Gas Pipeline Project of Russia to Germany, exploded on the same day, causing a large amount of natural gas to leak into nearby waters. Two pipelines are usually maintained by Russian Natural Gas Industry Co., Ltd.
The explosion of Beixi natural gas pipelines accelerated the transformation in Europe's search for other energy suppliers.
Russia originally planned to pass the two natural gas pipelines through Beixi every year Send to Germany 110 billion cubic meters of natural gas.
The Washington Post pointed out in the report that the newspaper agreed that the US government proposed that due to the consideration of the source of faith and the risk of action, the name of the European intelligence institutions in the report and the requirements of some parts of this suspicious plan Essence
The CIA did not immediately reply to the relevant inquiries raised by Reuters.
The Beixi pipeline explosion occurred in the exclusive economic zone of Sweden and Denmark. Both countries believe that the explosion is artificially occurred, but it has not yet determined the planner and executor of the explosion.
Both Washington and NATO call the Beixi explosion as "destructive behavior". Moscow has accused Western investigators of dragging, trying to cover up who is the real behind -the -scenes black hand.
Earlier this year, the media in the United States and Germany had reported that investigations and intelligence showed that the explosion of Beixi II Pipeline last September may be related to the group of pro -Ukraine Essence But the Ukrainian government and military intelligence officials said they did not participate in the attack and did not know who launched it.
How to protect the natural gas pipeline from being eliminated by artificial destruction? 
(Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美媒：北溪管道爆炸前cia对该计划已有所掌握/a-65851192?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Why did a map of the new Indian parliament anger in neighbors? 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-07T13:12:29
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:12:29
Description: A map set up in the newly -completed parliament building in India angered its neighbors in South Asia, including Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan.
Images: [" 2023-05-27T17... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '印度', '孟加拉国', '尼泊尔', '巴基斯坦']
Type: Article
 A view of the Indian Council Building in New Delhi(Reuters)A map set up in the newly -completed parliament building in India angered its neighbors in South Asia, including Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan.
The Bangladesh Ministry of Foreign Affairs sought an explanation from New Delhi on Monday, India Prime Minister Modi in the new map of the Indian New Council in the late last month -this map was called "Akhandbharat", this map, That is, "unlimited India".
The map includes parts of Afghanistan and the entire Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Myanmar.
The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bangladesh, Shahurial Alam, told reporters in Daka that it has instructed the Bangladesh Embassy in India to contact the Indian Ministry of Foreign Affairs to obtain India's official explanation of the matter.
Alam said, "All parties on the map expressed their anger about it. There is no reason to doubt the existence of this map. However, we have asked us to communicate with the Indian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in New Delhi to understand their ones to this. Official explanation. "
Indian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alinkam Bagch said at the media blowing, "this mural depicts the development of the ancient peacock dynasty and the responsibility of Ayuro King and the people -oriented governance concept."
However, during May 28, the Indian Parliament Building was completed, and the Indian Parliament's affairs and coal and mineral minister Plahado Joto said the mural was a map of Akhand Balat -this is a controversial The concept of right -wing is the imagination of the establishment of an Hindu nation country on the Indian subcare subcare decades ago.
The translation of the tweet posted by Josh was: "Determine is very clear -Akhand Balat."
Joshi's thoughts on "unspered India" did not be welcomed by neighboring countries.
The Kathmandu Post quotes former Prime Minister Oli in Nepal, saying that "like India is an ancient and powerful country, democracy and models, but the territory of Nepal is on its map, and this map hangs this map. In its parliament, this cannot be said to be fair. "
Aururi's request to visit the Nepalese Prime Minister Push Kamal Dahar, who visited India last week, "asked the Indian government to remove the mural" and "correct this error."
Oli told Nepal media that "if this is not done, then it doesn't make sense to visit India."
According to Indian media reports, Dahar did not mention the map in a talks held with Indian Prime Minister Modi or other officials.
In this mural, it depicts ancient sites in Nepal, such as Lantini, the birthplace of Buddha Sakyamuni, and the Gabiri Acropolis as part of the "Great India" territory.
Last week, Pakistan also focused on the increasingly concerned behavior of Indian ruling institutions to sell the idea of "Akhand Balat".
At the weekly press conference held in Islamabad, Mumatz Zahara, a spokesman for the Pakistani Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said that the idea of this map is "a manifestation of an expansionist mentality. This mentality not only tries to suppress India's neighborhood The ideology and culture of the country also tried to suppress the ideology and culture of the religious minority groups in India. "
So far, Sri Lanka, Afghanistan or Myanmar have not issued any official statements on this matter.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/7/%e5%8d%b0%e5%ba%a6%e6%96%b0%e8%ae%ae%e4%bc%9a%e7%9a%84%e4%b8%80%e5%b9%85%e5%9c%b0%e5%9b%be%e4%b8%ba%e4%bd%95%e6%bf%80%e6%80%92%e4%ba%86%e9%82%bb%e5%9b%bd%ef%bc%9f 
China -Canadian relations are difficult to solve Canada unwilling to join CPTPP 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T13:21:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T14:28:27-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau and Chinese President Xi Jinping had unpleasant dialogue last year at the Summit of the 20th. Trudeau's thoughts with former British Prime Minister Tras last year did not want to let China Canada's idea of "Agreement and Progress Agreement on the Pacific Partnership" (CPTPP). (Canadian Prime Minister's Office provided) Audio-Link: https: // Woohoo. Hair dyeing .org/mandarin/Asia Pacific Report/Economic and Trade/Waste -06072023105620.html/@@ STREAM Both China and Taiwan have applied to join the "Comprehensive and Progressive Cross -Pacific Partnership Agreement" (CPTPP), but an internal document shows that Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau does not want China to join CPTPP. At the same time, Canada criticized Chinese warships to provocate, saying that more warships would patrol the Taiwan Strait. Experts said that the Indo -Pacific strategy launched by Canada has fully reflected Canada's tough attitude towards China.
Australian Expert: Joining CPTPP in Taiwan helps counter Beijing diplomatic coercion * Taiwan announced the official launch with Canada's "Investment Promotion and Security Agreement" negotiations Taiwan legislators group visiting Canada and Japan strive to join CPTPP 
An internal document of the Canadian government shows that Prime Minister Trudeau(Justin Trudeau)Last falling last fall with the then British Prime Minister Tras(Liz Truss)During the conference call, Trasse mentioned that the United States and the European Union should join CPTPP. Trudeau responded: "This is the importance to setting up such a high threshold to join CPTPP in the UK, which is enough to make it difficult for China to join."
Britain was officially approved to join CPTPP in April this year, and is the first new member to join the trade organization after 2018.
China and Taiwan also applied to join the CPTPP in 2021, and all member states are required for review.
Shen Rongqin, an associate professor at York University in Canada, said that the structure of the CPTPP was designed by the Obama administration in the United States. One of its purpose was to counter China. Some standards and specifications were targeted at China. "For example, for the chapter of state -owned enterprises, it is basically unlikely that China is in line with the state -owned enterprise chapter. You know that Chinese state -owned enterprises today still account for 40%of the national GDP."
Relations between Canada and China continue to be nervous.
Last weekend USS Chung-Hoon and Canadian Navy patrol ships Monterer(HMCSMontreal)During the routine of crossing the Taiwan Strait, it was deliberately cut into the front of the US warship by the Chinese warships. The two sides were less than 137 meters apart. The United States and Canada publicly criticized China for provocation, which is very dangerous. Canadian Defense Minister Anitaanand issued a statement on the 6th that the Taiwan Strait was emphasized that the Taiwan Strait was the international waters.
Canadian Defense Minister Anitaanand.(Associated Press Picture) "Canada will continue to sail where international law allows, including the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. In order to maintain the peace and stability of the region, we will send more warships to this waters to patrol in this sea -based layout."
The Canadian Conservative Party Bo Lizhi also said: "This is another provocative behavior of the Communist Party of China. We believe that Beijing needs to maintain calmness and stability, rather than deliberately angry. Our Conservative Party is like all Canadians and does not want war, but we want Adhere to your own values and interests. "
Beijing has condemned the relevant countries in the Taiwan Strait, saying that "the United States should reflect and correct the errors."
Shen Rongqin said that since the announcement of the Indo -Pacific Strategy in Canada last year, it can be clearly seen that Ottawa's China policies are no longer weak and afraid of things.
Liao Changren, a Canadian current affairs commentator, also said that the relationship between Canada and China is now in a redirect(reset)the process of. Seeing that China was allowed to join the WTO at that time, China did not improve in political reform, but brought various threats. Ottawa's "Indo -Pacific Strategy" pointed out that China is a destructive global force. In addition, China has also intervened in Canadian elections, which has made Canada more wary of China.
Reporter: Liu Fei Editor: Jiayuan.com Editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/lf-06072023105620.html 
The Chairman of the German Social Democratic Party meets with Li Qiang and Wang Huning 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T13:29:00Z
Description: Klins Bayer, chairman of the German Social Democratic Party who visited China, held a meeting with the Prime Minister of the State Council of China on June 6 and Wang Huning, Chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. According to Germany, the meeting with Wang Huning was "far beyond the predetermined duration." Klin Bayer said in social media on June 7 that "China is an important partner in Europe."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['李强', '王沪宁', '德国社民党', '德中关系', 'Klingbeil']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65840875
Clin Bayer and Li Qiang met in Beijing. Two weeks later, Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang will go to Berlin to attend the German -Chinese government consultation
(Voice of Germany Chinese) According to Xinhua News Agency, Klin Bayer(Larsklingen's)In a meeting with Wang Huning, the fourth character of Chinese politics, said, "the German Social Party and the Democratic Party have insisted on close conversation and communication with the Communist Party of China in the past 40 years. Faced with major changes in the international situation, I look forward to maintaining a deep dialogue between the two parties, enhancing mutual understanding and mutual trust. , Different from the control, deepen the close cooperation in various fields of Germany and China. "And Wang Huning" appreciated the active contribution of the German Social Democratic Party for many years for the development of Sino -German relations, saying that the Communist Party of China is willing to implement President Xi Jinping and Premier Shuoerz together with the Communist Party of China. The important consensus reached to deepen the two -party levels and mechanism dialogue. "
Earlier, Klins Bayer He also met with the Chinese State Council Prime Minister Li Qiang. Xinhua News Agency quoted Klins Bayer that the German side believed that "the current two parties also have a common responsibility for the future of Germany and China; Germany appreciates that the Chinese side continues to implement it, and believes that 'decourse' is not an option for German -China relations." Li Qiangzhi Emphasizing that "China welcomes more German companies to share new opportunities for China's development, it will continue to relax market access, strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights, implement the national treatment of foreign -funded enterprises, and create a first -class business environment for marketization, rule of law, and internationalization. "The Chinese Prime Minister also hopes that" the German Social Democratic Party has played an important influence in Germany and European politics, maintaining the main tone of China and China and Germany, and the stable and healthy development of China -Germany and China and Europe. "
There are still many differences between the German government around China
Social Democratic Party He is a member of the German Three -Party Party Governance Alliance. Compared with the Green Party and the Liberal Democratic Party, the Social Democratic Party is considered to be more focused on economic interests in relations with China. It is reported that there are news that the Prime Minister's Palace led by the Social Democratic Party and the Ministry of Economic Affairs and the Ministry of Economic Affairs of the Green Party have large differences in their positions in China. At present, the three parties ruling are still brewing Germany's new strategy to China. This document was originally planned to be released this spring; It can not be submitted to the cabinet on June 14. Therefore, before the German -Chinese government consultation on June 20, the German government cannot come up with a new strategy to China Essence
"China is an important partner in Europe" 
After meeting with the Premier Li Qiang of the State Council of China, Klins described China as an important partner in Europe. Klins Bayer wrote on Instagram on Wednesday (June 7): "The core challenges of our era, such as responding to climate crisis, arms control, and non -diffusion nuclear weapons. Only through cooperation with China can it be achieved. Talk to each other. China is an important partner in Europe. "
According to the German Press report, the chairman of the Social Democratic Party was met by Prime Minister Li Qiang in China, which is an unusual high specification. The Chinese State Council Prime Minister Li Qiang will bring a number of ministers to Berlin on June 20 to attend the German -China government consultation meeting. This will also be his first visit to his first visit since he took office.
Beijing is the first stop of Calling Bayer's trip to Asia. He will also go to South Korea and Mongolia.
(Germany, Xinhua News Agency, Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德国社民党主席与李强、王沪宁会晤/a-65840875?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
NATO will hold more than 200 military aircraft in the history of the largest air force in history to participate 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T13:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Berlin, 7th) The North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) will hold the largest Air Force deployment exercise in NATO in Europe next week. By then, there will be a exercise from 25 countries and more than 200 military planes.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The "Air Defender 23" exercise led by Germany began on the 12th. For 10 days, there will be 25 NATO members and partners, and about 220 military planes will participate.
In the explanation, the US Ambassador Amy Gutmann said that although the exercise is purely defensive, the purpose is to convey the message to a country including Russia.
Geterman told the media: "Any world leader, including (Russia's President), (Russia President), has not noticed the spiritual performance of the alliance's strength on behalf of the alliance." I will be quite surprised. "
"Through unity, our strength is doubled."
The content of this exercise will include operations and tactical training. The location is mainly in Germany, as well as the Czech Republic, Estonia and Latvia.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E5%8C%97%E7%BA%A6%E5%B0%86%E4%B8%BE%E8%A1%8C%E5%8F%B2%E4%B8%8A%E6%9C%80%E5%A4%A7%E7%A9%BA%E5%86%9B%E6%BC%94%E4%B9%A0-25%E5%9B%BD%E9%80%BE200%E6%9E%B6%E5%86%9B%E6%9C%BA%E5%8F%82%E5%8A%A0 
The World Bank has raised global and China's economic growth expectations this year 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T13:39
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:40
Description: The World Bank is expected to increase by 2.1%in 2023, an increase of 0.4 percentage points compared with the forecast of January, but it is still less than 3.1%in 2022. The Chinese economy will increase by 5.6%, which is 1.3 percentage points from January forecast. Xinhua News Agency reports that the World Bank is in the star ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['世界银行', '全球经济', '美国经济', '中国经济']
The World Bank is expected to increase by 2.1%in 2023, an increase of 0.4 percentage points compared with the forecast of January, but it is still less than 3.1%in 2022. The Chinese economy will increase by 5.6%, which is 1.3 percentage points from January forecast.
The Xinhua News Agency reported that the latest issue of the "Global Economic Outlook" released by the World Bank on Tuesday (June 6) said that under the circumstances of the continuous Russia -Ukraine conflict and the continued tightening of monetary policy to suppress high inflation, this year's global economy has increased The speed will be significantly lower than last year. The global economy is expected to increase by 2.4%in 2024, 0.3 percentage points from the forecast of January, and the growth rate of major economies will be widened.
Among the major developed economies, the US economy is expected to increase by 1.1%this year, and will slow to 0.8%next year; the economic growth rate of the euro zone this year has slowed to 0.4%, an increase of 1.3%next year. %.
The World Bank estimates that due to China's economic recovery and the improvement of several large economies of growth, the economic growth of East Asia and Pacific, Europe, and Central Asia this year will accelerate, and economic growth in other regions will slow down. Next year, the economic growth rate of East and Pacific, and South Asia will fall, and the growth rate of other regions will increase due to internal anti -wind factors and increased external demand.
The report said that under the influence of crown disease epidemic, Russia and Ukraine conflict, and great tightening monetary policy, the global economy is still unstable. The rapid rise in US interest rates has caused major challenges to emerging markets and developed economies, and the possibility of a financial crisis has increased.
Gillar, senior deputy governor and chief economist of the World Bank, said that if the current banking crisis of the developed economy has spread to a large -scale financial turmoil and affects emerging economies, the worst situation will occur, that is, the global economy will experience depth next year decline.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401956 
10 Chinese Snoors players were banned for manipulating the competition 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T13:45:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:51:10-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Liang Wenbo(In front of)Former Deputy Director of the Chinese Billiards Association The Associated Press Information Pictures World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (World Terrace, WPBSA) investigated the case of being accused of being accused of fake balls and manipulating the game. According to a statement issued on June 6 Chinese players were banned and fined, 36 -year -old Liang Wenbo and 32 -year -old Li Xing were fined for a lifetime ban, and they were also required to pay 43,000 pounds of litigation costs. The World Professional Billiards and Snooker said that these punishments were aimed at a long string of violations, including manipulating competitions and not cooperating with investigations. According to the judgment, in addition to manipulating or participating in 5 games, Liang Wenbo also instigated, encouraged or assisted other players to manipulate 9 games. In addition, he also violated the regulations to bet on the Snooker competition, and tried to cover up his behavior of manipulating the game and refused to cooperate with the investigation. In addition, he also threatened other players to let the other party delete the information on the mobile phone or try to make the other party not help the investigation. Another player Li Xing, who was banned, also involved in manipulating the competition and encouraging or assisting others to manipulate the competition. He bet and tried to cover his manipulation competition. The other eight investigated players were also banned, and the initial prohibited time ranged from 2 and a half years to 8 years. World Professional Billiards and Snooker said that confession in advance has caused them to shorten the suspension time. Among the 10 people involved in the case, the highest world ranking was Zhao Xintong, the 11th British Championship champion. He was banned for one year and 8 months, and the 2021 Masters Champion Yan Bingtao was banned for 5 years. The eight players need to pay a fine of 7,500 pounds. JasonFerguson, chairman of Shitai, said that this is an extremely complicated case. Seeing so many talented young players forced the pressure of the World Terrace's behavior, it was really heartbroken. The punishment for free participation in any Snooker game shows that this behavior is completely unacceptable. According to regulations, players can appeal the verdict before June 20. Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-06072023134458.html 
Byte -by -line executive: the Communist Party of China visited TIKTOK Hong Kong user data 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T13:50:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T16:21:28-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 TIKTOK's parent company's Beijing headquarters ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-07T13-50-00-04-00/000001.png) Photo: RFA reports according to the Wall Street Journal of the United States, a former executive of Tiktok's parent company, Yintaoyu, said in a legal document that the company's party committee followed Hong Kong's counterpart in 2018 Chinese civil rights activists and protesters have visited Tiktok's Hong Kong user data, and inspected Tiktok's data including their network information, SIM card recognition information, IP addresses, and communication information on Tiktok. The purpose is to identify and locate these users. Yu Yintao filed an improper dismissal lawsuit in the San Francisco High Court in early May. The above allegations were part of his part of the contents of the new documents. From August 2017 to November 2018, Yu Yintao moved the bytes of the U.S. office as an engineering director. He was a California citizen in the United States. The Wall Street Journal said that Yu Yintao was mainly working in the office in Monropak, California, and he also waited for bytes to be beating in Los Angeles and Beijing's office. In addition, Yu Yintao said in the complaint that he reflected his concerns about these practices to the manager of the Tiktok algorithm. The complaint stated that Yu Yintao's manager was concerned about him, and improperly ended his employment relationship with Yu Yintao as revenge. The report quoted Lawyer Yu Yintao that the former executive decided to stand up now because he believed that Tiktok CEO Zhou was funded by the testimony of the testimony published in the US Congress in March this year. However, a spokesman "strongly opposed to the unprecedented claims and allegations in this complaint". The spokesman said that Yu Yintao's work content was a application software called Flipagram, but Flipagram had been based on a few years ago based on a few years ago. Commercial reasons stop operation. The spokesman said that Yu Yintao was fired in 2018, and he did not propose these allegations in the next five years. "YU's behavior is obviously to attract the attention of the media." In addition, US Senator Richard BlumenThal and Marsha Blackburn also asked Tiktok to explain "misleading or incorrect responses" on storing American user information. Earlier reports from the station, the US media "Forbes" magazine disclosed that Tiktok stored US user data in China, and it was inconsistent with its CEO Zhou's capital capital. Senator Marco Rubio also believed in investigation. Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-06072023134615.html 
Ambassador to China: China will counterattack from the Political Motivation Washington for US companies. 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T13:57:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T14:27:21-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 US ambassador to China Nicholas Burns Reuters information pictures of the United States in China, Nicholas Burns, said on June 7 that the United States will counterattack China ’s approach to US companies. Washington believes that this is due to political motivation and unfairness. Reuters reported that he attended the U.S. Global Leadership Alliance Forum in Beijing and delivered speeches in a video. It was mentioned that the Chinese government recently issued more censorship or blocked for some American companies. American companies, including Micron, Deloitte, and Consulting Company Bain, Kaisheng and Menz Group, and said that this encounter will not happen in other countries, only in the US company. "This looks essentially political. From the perspective of China, this seems to be revenge. This is wrong. Obviously we will resist this and we will fight back." Bernus will counterattack. " It is also said that the United States is restricting its company's ability to sell advanced semiconductor and other technologies to China to avoid helping the Chinese PLA. At the same time, he also emphasizes management competition, restricting it and obstacles, and ensuring that he is "peaceful competition." Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-06072023135205.html 
After the Turkish election is over, the exchange rate of the liraga against the US dollar reached a new low 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T14:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:50:01+00:00
Description: (AFP, Istanbul, 7th) Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan was re -elected more than a week ago.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Licha exchange rate was supported by the central bank before the presidential election. However, at about 11:45 on the 7th of the Greenwich time, the Create was degraded by 7%to 23.17 lira.
After the presidential election of President on May 28, the El section swore to work on the 3rd and appointed a pro -market politician MEHMET SIMSEK as the new financial minister.
The time point of this economic policy turns coincided with many analysts that in the case of Turkish foreign exchange reserves and supporting the country's supportive protection deposit plan repeatedly expanded, and the inflation was high, this large emerging market is moving towards Turbulent situation.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E5%9C%9F%E8%80%B3%E5%85%B6%E5%A4%A7%E9%80%89%E7%BB%93%E6%9D%9F%E5%90%8E-%E9%87%8C%E6%8B%89%E5%85%91%E7%BE%8E%E5%85%83%E6%B1%87%E4%BB%B7%E5%86%8D%E5%88%9B%E6%96%B0%E4%BD%8E 
Former New Jersey Governor joined the Republican Presidential Primary Election of Trump opponents to add another one 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T14:04:55+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 10:40:30Z
Description: The US Republican Party competed for 2024 presidential elections. Former New Jersey Governor Christie, Christie, officially launched his 2024 presidential campaign on Tuesday (June 6), and will challenge the former US President Donald Trump.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '美国'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/chris-christie-launched-2024-presidential-campaign-20230607/7126281.html 
Hada Maya has entered the French Open 45 years of Brazilian women to make the first Grand Slam at the Grand Slam. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T14:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T14:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris, 7th) Beatriz Haddad Maia (Beatriz Haddad Maia) today defeated ONS JABEUR afterwards in the French Tennis Open, becoming the first Brazilian women's player to reach the Grand Slam finals since 1968 in 1968 Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Hada Maya, who ranked 14th in the world, won the 3-6, 7-6 (7/5) and 6-1, and will face the world's number one defendant Igaswiation on the 10th championship. Or Coco Gauff.
The 27 -year -old left -handed player is following the pace of 7 Grand Slam champion Mariabueno; Bourno reached the US Open Finals 55 years ago. Brazilian women's player.
Prior to this French Open, the best performance of the Hada Maya Grand Slam is the second round of promotion.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230607-%E5%93%88%E8%BE%BE%E7%8E%9B%E9%9B%85%E6%8C%BA%E8%BF%9B%E6%B3%95%E7%BD%914%E5%BC%BA-55%E5%B9%B4%E6%9D%A5%E5%B7%B4%E8%A5%BF%E5%A5%B3%E6%80%A7%E9%A6%96%E9%97%AF%E5%A4%A7%E6%BB%A1%E8%B4%AF%E5%87%86%E5%86%B3%E8%B5%9B 
German media: spy under academic coat 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T14:34:00Z
Description: German security agencies warned that industrial espionage from China is becoming increasingly frequent. German Minister of Home Affairs, Fisher, said that China ’s label activities on the German economy, industry, and academic fields have constituted“ great harm ”.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['间谍', '保护知识产权', '中国', '学术交流', '工业间谍', '德国内政部', '签证']
Id: 65852454
(Voice of Germany) "Business Daily" quoted information from the German intelligence department that some guest scholars who were sent by Beijing to Germany, under the banner of academic exchanges and cooperation, are actually doing the stealing intellectual property rights. Essence The report entitled "The Risk of Underrobe" wrote:
"Whether in Berlin, Brussels, or in Washington, the loss of technical loss has been included in an important agenda. At the Summit of the Seventh Kuchan Group in Japan in mid -May this year, countries for the first time to strengthen protection 'sensitive technology related to national security. 'Reach consensus. Although there was no name in China in the statement, all parties did not declare it.
In order to reduce the risk of spy behaviors, the German Constitution Conservation Bureau has continuously urged high -tech companies to be vigilant when academic exchanges. People from the German intelligence circle said: 'In the above -mentioned field, there are still many people who are too naive. ' German Internal Affairs Minister Feise(Nancyfaeser)It is said that in order to eliminate spy behaviors, it is necessary to formulate a wide range of protection mechanisms in enterprises and research institutions. 'Only in this way can we discover and stop thorns' attempts in time. '
German politicians responsible for intelligence affairs also believe that Germany still has a lot of work to do in the field of anti -spy fields. Konstantin Vonnottz, the Green Party Chairman of the Federal House Intelligence Supervision Committee, said: 'warnings from intelligence agencies must attract great attention. 'He said that college students from China should not be listed as the subject of suspicion. ""
The "Business Daily" article lists an example of a North German medical technology company being stolen core technology by Chinese "academic exchange personnel". BRUNOKAHL, director of the German Federal Intelligence Agency, also stated that according to China's National Security Law, all Chinese companies and individuals need to bear the obligation to cooperate with information agencies.
The Federal Intelligence Agency headquarters in Berlin
"The German Ministry of Internal Political Affairs defines the risk of Chinese spy activities in the field of scientific research as 'high'. China cannot develop the technology required by the country in the middle and long term. The key goal. In view of this, the mechanism of the German Internal Affairs Minister Feisse hopes to prevent Chinese spy behavior can be improved accordingly: ['For me, there are three priority options in terms of security protection: discovering risks, resistance to resistance Danger and avoid dependence. She said that when Chinese people engaged in specific fields apply for German visas, they need to accept the "further review '.].(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国内政部长要求加强防范来自中国的间谍活动/a-65840153)The Beijing side refutes relevant allegations. The Chinese Embassy in Germany responded to the relevant inquiry of the "Business Daily": 'We resolutely oppose any subjective speculation against the Chinese government and unreasonable unreasonable allegations. 'And said that China has been urging domestic citizens to abide by local laws and regulations and customs. "
Regarding the recreational struggle incident in Yunnan not long ago, the New Zurich News wrote:
"Hanno Schedler, the German Association that threatened the National Association, said that in previous years, the CCP began to accuse the Mosque built by the people of the people over the Arab style. So far, thousands of mosques have been demolished or converted in China. Deller said: "Xi Jinping is very worried that these mosques will become a nest that breeds resistance. In the end, only those governments have been approved by the government, and they are monitored by the government and attracted tourists to survive. '
In addition to Islam, other religions are also under tremendous pressure. The commercialization of Buddhist temples is becoming more and more obvious. The cross in the Church of God's Christian Church was demolished, and the priests who were unwilling to cooperate with the government were suppressed and arrested. Zhang Xunmou, director of the Religious Research Center of the United Front Work Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China in 2019, said in 2019: "Adhere to the direction of my country's religious Sinicization '. In other words, the party's understanding of traditional Chinese culture will dominate everything: the diversification of religion and culture will be replaced by a little folk characteristics. "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：学术外衣下的间谍/a-65852454?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Before the byte beating, the executive said that the Communist Party of China visited Tiktok Hong Kong protesters data 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T14:40:00Z
Description: A former senior executive of Tiktok's parent company's byte beating stated that members of the company's party committee can obtain "super user" qualifications and are also known as "God's qualifications" to view all data collected by bytes, including data from American users. The company denied this statement.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['TikTok', '字节跳动', '中共党委', '香港用户', '数据', '美国用户', '周受资', '数据安全', '中国威胁', '数字极权']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65852488
Tiktok has more than 150 million monthly active users in the United States and has more than 1 billion users worldwide.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Video Share Application Tiktok's former executive of a Chinese parent company bytes of Bytedance stated in a legal document that a committee composed of the Communist Party of China has used the data held by the company. Identify and locate protesters in Hong Kong.
Byte -by -line U.S. Engineering Director Yu Yintao (Yintao Yu, transliteration) said that members of the party committee can also access American user data. Byte beating company denied this allegations.
Yu Yintao served as the head of the engineering department of the American business from August 2017 to November 2018. In May this year, he submitted a lawsuit in a court in San Francisco's improper dismissal. In the document submitted to the court, he said that in the byte beating, members of the company's party committee can obtain "super user" qualifications, also known as "God's qualifications". View all data collected by bytes, including data from American users.
The complaint states that byte beating also retains a "back door channel" for the CCP to access American user data.
Hong Kong is an autonomous city in China. In recent years, after large -scale protests in 2014 and 2019, this former British colony was controlled by Beijing.
Yu Yintao said that "God's qualifications" allowed members of the party committee to pay attention to the civil rights activities and protesters of Hong Kong at that time. These users.
Byte beating stated in a statement that Yu Yintao's allegations were "basically basically not found."
"It is strange that Mr. Yu's work in Flipagram has never been proposed in the five years after the termination of July 2018." Flipagram is an application that has been operated by byte. The reason is closed. The company said, "His behavior is obviously to attract media attention."
Byte beating states: "We plan to strongly oppose our arguing claims and allegations in the complaint."
Yu Yintao's lawyer, Charlesjung, partner of Nassiri & Jung Law Firm, said that Yu Yintao proposed that he was because he believed that Tiktok CEO SHOU Zichew strongly denied at the US Congress hearing in March this year. The relationship between the Chinese government and the company makes him feel uneasy.
"It is risky to publicly tell the truth in court, but social change needs to tell the courage of the truth." Mr. Zheng said, "Public policy is important to him based on accurate information, so he is determined to tell himself about himself. story."
TIKTOK in the United States and the world is strictly reviewed due to its way of processing data and whether it constitutes national security risks.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/哪些国家禁止tiktok原因何在/a-65700672)Essence Some US Congress members worry that the relationship between Tiktok and byte beating means that the data it holds is bound by Chinese law.
They also believe that the application has more than 150 million monthly active users in the United States, and has more than 1 billion users worldwide to be used to expand China's influence.
In March of this year, at the fierce House of Representatives hearing, the two -party members asked Zhou Yinzi on Tiktok's suspected relationship with Beijing, data security, and the harmful content on applications. Capital capital Repeatedly denied that Tiktok shared user data or has any relationship with the Chinese authorities.
To eliminate this concern, Tiktok said that it will cooperate with Oracle to store all American user data in the United States.
In a court document earlier, Yu Yintao accused the bytes of the "propaganda tool" of the Communist Party of China by improving the content of nationalism and suppressing the content of the Communist Party of China. He also said that byte beating responses to the CCP's request to share information.
Yu Yintao also accused the company of beating the company from grasping content from competitors and users and re -publishing on his website, exaggerating key participation indicators. He said he was fired for sharing his concerns about "improper behavior" with the company.
In mainland China, byte jumping operations "Douyin" for the domestic market. Tiktok is its global application and can be used in most other countries/regions. It can also be used in Hong Kong until the Hong Kong National Security Law was introduced in 2020.
Anyone who tries to open Tiktok in Hong Kong will see a message, saying, "We regret notifying you that we have stopped operating TIKTOK in Hong Kong."
Disabast 
(Associated Press)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/字节跳动前高管称中共曾访问tiktok香港抗议者数据/a-65852488?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
German pro -Russian parade organizer was sentenced to fine 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T14:41:00Z
Description: The Cologne District Court made a first trial judgment on June 6, determining that a pro -Russian person was "agreed with the war of aggression" during an interview during a parade last May, which exceeded the boundary of freedom of speech. The defendant had appealed through a lawyer.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 德国新闻
Subjects: ['俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['德俄关系', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '普京', '俄乌战争']
Id: 65852495
Corbasnikova, a relative of Russia in Germany, has held Ukrainian citizenship so far
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Ukrainian pro -Russian -Russians Corbasnisova, who has lived in Germany for nearly 30 years(Elenacolbasnikova)A few days ago, a fine of 900 euros by the Cologne District Court. At the age of 48, she was prosecuted in an interview to agree with the war of aggression.
A court spokesman said that the defendant organized a [pro -Russian demonstration parade] in May 2022(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国多地挺俄车队游行引发争议/a-61425297)During the period, media interviews claimed that "Russia is not an invader, but helping to end Ukraine's war." According to the court, according to the international criminal law, Russia's invasion of Ukraine constituted a crime of aggression, and the defendant praised this crime "publicly and deliberately", and his remarks constituted a public order. The court also pointed out that the defendant was unable to defend the freedom of speech, because the freedom of speech also had a boundary.
Kerbaskova and his husband also faced another allegations to provide sanctions and embargo to the Russian army
In addition, Corbaskova and her husband also raised thousands of euros donations last year to purchase radio equipment, bulletproof vests, military food and other supplies for the Russian army. The couple also went to the Donbass region occupied by the Russian army last fall to the Russian officers and soldiers. Due to suspected sanctions and embargo to the Russian army, the couple were facing another investigation of the prosecutor.
Further reading: Insisting on the personal Russian position Schroder will lose some of the "privileges" (Reuters, Agence France -Presse, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德国亲俄游行组织者被判罚款/a-65852495?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The goal of the United States is to support Thailand to establish a new government with effective stability and democracy 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T14:55
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T16:31
Description: Senior officials responsible for affairs in the Indo -Pacific region said that Thailand after the election is in a "fragile stage". The goal of the United States is to support Thailand to establish a "effective, stable, and democratic government." Reuters reports that the National Security Council's Indo -Pacific Affairs Coordinator Campbell Week ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '泰国', '选举', '前进党', '披塔']
Senior officials in charge of affairs in the Indo -Pacific region said, Election Later Thailand is in a "fragile stage". The goal of the United States is to support Thailand to establish a "effective, stable and democratic government".
Reuters reported that Campbell, a coordinator of the National Security Council, said on Tuesday (June 6) at the event at the Hudson Institute of Think Tank: "We carefully observed this election and for the establishment of a new government This is a fragile stage. "
The Thai opposition party and the Thai party achieved an overwhelming victory in the next House elections on May 14th. They defeated the conservative alliance supported by the Prime Minister Bayu since the launch of the coup in 2014 and have been supported by the Royal Army.
Leading forward the party's pagoda successfully attracted seven parent parties after the election Including the Thai party to form a political alliance. According to Pagoda, he was confident that he could become the new Prime Minister of Thailand and set up a stable new government.
At present, the Qianxian Party and seven Alliance Party account for 313 seats in the 500 parliamentary seats of the House of Representatives.
There are 750 seats in the two courts of Thailand. Only after getting more than half of the upper and lower courtyards, that is, at least 376 prime minister candidates can be elected Prime Minister. However, the 250 members of the House of Shang are assigned by the military, and the pagoda must receive the support of at least 63 superiors.
The Thai Congress is expected to vote for the next Prime Minister at the latest in August.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1401975 
How many hours to work in Germany are unemployment? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-07T15:04:00Z
Description: Autonomous employment, employment, and unemployment in employment relationships are all different concepts. The Staff of the Journalism Office of the German Federal Labor Bureau explained to Germany how they count the number of unemployment rates.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['欧债危机', '欧盟', '德国', '留学德国', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选', '德中关系', '默克尔']
Keywords: ['失业率', '就业', '就业人数', '失业率统计', '工作时间', '德国']
Id: 65852931
If you are engaged in the handicraft industry as a freelancer in Germany, then there is no need to pay social security or the employment population scope of the Labor Bureau. As long as you do not register your unemployment, you will not be included in the statistics of the unemployment rate.
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) In terms of employment, there are two different definitions in Germany. Ms. Olgaschwalbe at the News Affairs Office of the German Federal Labor Bureau said that according to the definition of the International Labor Organization (ILO) on the "ErWerbstätigkeit), people over 15 years of age accept rewards at least one hour per week to engage in a certain industry. The work, or as a freelance industry, is engaged in the handicraft industry, agriculture and other industries, or does not receive wages to help in family enterprises, which belongs to the category of "employment".
For the German Federal Labor Bureau, the Beschäftigung has a stricter prerequisites, which usually refers to employees who pay social security. This includes both full -time employees and semi -employees. But the so-called minijob-monthly income is 520 euros or the number of working days per year is not more than 70 days-not counting within employment. Freelancers and national civil servants are not within the category of "employment" that they are counted.
The German Federal Labor Bureau is also responsible for the statistical unemployment rate. The condition of the statistics within the unemployment rate is less than 15 hours of working hours per week, and registering unemployment from the Labor Bureau to find a job, which means that you can accept a [employment position] at any time.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德最大工会每周工作4天可拯救就业岗位/a-54588035)Essence
Taking the situation in Germany in May as an example. The unemployment rate of the Federal Labor Bureau is 5.5%. The latest employment of the Labor Bureau (March) is about 35 million. The number of "employment" provided by the German Federal Bureau of Statistics at the same time is about 46 million. In other words, the number of "employment" based on width standards is higher than the number of full -time and half -job workers who pay social security.
Ms. Schwab said that the definition criteria for "employment" in international labor organizations are uniformly used in Europe. For employment or unemployment, how many hours do you work per week to count, and countries may be different.
She also introduced that although Liberty did not pay social security in Germany, it was not listed in the "employment staff" statistics statistics from the Labor Bureau, but if they went to the Labor Bureau to register unemployment and were willing to accept a job, then, then, then, then, then, they were willing to accept a job. They will also be included in the category of "unemployment rate". In other words, if they do not register unemployment, they will not be counted within the range of unemployment rates. The same is true for the so -called minijob. If you do not register the unemployment, it will not be included in unemployment rate Statistical category.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/在德国工作几小时算失业？/a-65852931?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Culture & quot; Powerful country & quot; still & quot; strong party & quot;? Xi Jinping believes in the first cultural power summit forum 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T15:06:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T15:21:34-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China held the first "Cultural Power Construction Summit Forum" ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-07T15-06-00-04-00/000001.png) Screenshot of Weibo [Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/kejiaowen/kw1-06072023125411.html/@stream]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/kejiaowen/kw1-06072023125411.html/@@stream)Chinese Communist Party Leader Xi Jinping on Wednesday(The 7th)Congratulations to the "First Cultural Power Construction Summit Forum", emphasizing the so -called "comprehensively implementing socialist thoughts with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the 20th spirit of the party", and strengthening cultural self -confidence. However, in the recent situation that officials have continued to suppress the literary and artistic circles, and the "cultural management" law enforcement team also appeared in a high -profile appearance of the Internet, experts question Or "forced brainwashing"?
According to the Chinese official media Xinhua News Agency, Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, gave a letter to the "First Cultural Power Construction Summit Forum" held in Shenzhen on June 7, congratulating on behalf of the "Party Central Committee".
Xi Jinping said in the letter: "Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, we have placed cultural construction in the prominent position of governing the country and governing the country, and continuously deepening the regular understanding of cultural construction, promoting cultural inheritance and development. pace."
Is it " firm cultural self -confidence" or "forced brainwashing"? 
However, under Xi Jinping, is China really moving towards the so -called "cultural power"? Chen Pokong, a scoreer in the United States, told the station that this was just Xi Jinping's big words. It was not only impossible to achieve, but also moved to the opposite side: "He (Xi) is destroying culture, pulling down culture, and locking the culture in the cage. The so -called 'cultural strong country' is impossible, the 'cultural strong party' or the power of his personal power is possible. "
In Hexin, Xi Jinping also emphasized that "comprehensively implementing socialist thoughts with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the 20th spirit of the party", "firm cultural self -confidence", "stimulate the vitality of the national cultural innovation and creation", "build a strong country, build national rejuvenation, national rejuvenation Inject powerful spiritual power "and so on.
Zhao Lanjian, a former Chinese media person in exile in the United States, believes that from the perspective of psychology, only when people are particularly unconfident, they will emphasize that they are glory, great, correct and confident. "Real self -confidence, it is a bland calmness, not that he needs to strengthen and prominent. Once he wants to emphasize this, we have to think about it. Is he an attempt? He is a natural nature. Culture, or is a mandatory brainwashing? "
Zhao Lanjian also said that a healthy country will not intentionally shape a certain ideological culture: "Everyone who emphasizes culture is the Chinese Cultural Revolution, as well as China's previous movements, and some slogans in North Korea and the past. The words. "
A few days ago, an article signed "Pottery Industry", a "Democratic China" website, said: "The party constantly reminds the people in the domain to have cultural self -confidence. How can it be confident? How can a culture that rely on lies and fear to be confident? "
The cultural law enforcement scope of the Chinese government includes tourism, cultural, publication, radio and television, and film markets (screenshots of Weibo/ancient pavilion)
Strengthen the "cultural management" law enforcement team to maintain ideological security 
Recently, the CCP has continuously strengthened the control of the cultural field. First, the talk show actor Li Haoshi was accused of offense the PLA for a joke. The company was also fined more than 14 million yuan. Recently, the CCP's "cultural management" law enforcement team appeared high -profile on the Internet, causing attention. According to the official introduction of China, the cultural market comprehensive administrative law enforcement team conducted administrative penalties for culture, tourism, cultural relics, publishing, radio and television, and film markets, as well as law enforcement functions such as administrative inspections and administrative compulsory.
Chen Pokong, a scorcher in the United States, believes that Xi Jinping's approach follows the CCP's past extreme left route, that is, the replica of the Cultural Revolution: "The Cultural Revolution is also the public propaganda team, the cultural propaganda team, the military propaganda team, etc., to promote Mao Zedong's set, What kind of proletarian revolutionary route and extreme left route, now Xi Jinping is engaged in the same number of roads. "
Chen Kuide, Executive Chairman of the Princeton Chinese Academy, also told this station that Xi Jinping recently talked about the so -called "to adhere to the bottom line thinking and extreme thinking" and "the major test of being prepared to suffer from high waves and even stormy waves", which shows that the current Chinese Communist regime is facing severe rule of rule. In crisis, the "cultural management" law enforcement team is also used to "maintain ideological security and cultural security."
Zhao Lanjian: The difference in beauty is the creative ability 
On the day of the "First Cultural Power Construction Summit Forum", the 19th Cultural Fair, known as the "First Exhibition of Chinese Cultural Industry", was also opened in Shenzhen. According to China's "Reading News", a total of 3,596 government groups, enterprises and institutions participated in the exhibition, bringing cultural products in over 50 countries and regions worldwide.
However, under the increasingly severe cultural control of the authorities, does China's cultural industry still have innovation capabilities? Chen Pankong believes: "Now Xi Jinping returns to the Communist Party to make a red set. In fact, this set is a wall, and it doesn't work at all. So the more he trapped himself, but he did not realize this. ","
Former Chinese media person Zhao Lanjian said that the biggest difference between the United States and China is that the United States has continuous creativity, and the CCP has been restricting and stifling this creativity. "The United States will always produce new creative capabilities. Where does the creative ability come from the enlightened and diverse of culture. Once it is closed, the whole society will die, and people will not have creative ability. China is now now. This kind of social status quo is actually hostile to some common sense of human modern civilization. This is a terrible place in China. "
Reporter: Caddy Editor: 梒 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/kejiaowen/kw1-06072023125411.html 
Global demand is weak in China, exports to export in May 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T15:09:03+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 07:09:03Z
Description: China ’s export atrophy in May is far faster than expected, and imports have decreased, although the speed is slow, because it is difficult for manufacturers to find demand abroad and domestic consumption.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '经济·金融·贸易'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-exports-tumble-in-may-as-global-demand-falters-20230607/7126299.html 
The British said that China has closed the "Police Service Station" Chinese refutation is a "political lie" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T15:30:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T15:53:27-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Written statement submitted to Congress by British Security Minister Togen Dart Screenshot of the official website of the British Congress Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaODao/junshiwaijiao/al-06072023110042.html/@stream After the U.S. government sued two Chinese descents suspected of operating China's "Secret Police Station" in April this year, it has successively caused the global government to face this issue. The British government recently announced that no illegal activities were found after the police investigated all the Chinese "police service stations" in the country, but emphasized that the "police service station" that did not accept the government's permission was unacceptable. These places have been permanently closed. However, China later had another set of statements to discover the British side discredit China.
British media unveiled Fujian businessmen involved in the "Secret Police" and the United Front Leadership Organization and British politics * Britain said that China has closed the "police service station" in all parts of the UK Taiwan Overseas Chinese Committee: China Overseas Police Station Online attack Paris Chinese Center * Latest report: China has more than 100 police stations overseas 
The British Security Secretary of State Tomtugndhat (Tomtugndhat) on Tuesday (6th) explained the latest investigation of China's "overseas police service station" to Congress in writing. The statement stated that the British police have visited all Chinese "police service stations" in the UK. There is currently no evidence that these "service stations" represent illegal activities on behalf of the Chinese government.
British government: China " Police Service Station " Unacceptable 
However, Togen Dart emphasized that these "police service stations" are unacceptable anyway: "These 'police service stations' were established without our approval. How low will make those who leave China and seek safety and freedom in the United Kingdom are worried and scared. This is unacceptable. The Chinese authorities often criticize others to interfere in the internal affairs, but they think they can open up the British government and open it. These do not indicate the origin sites. "
Togen Dart said that the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs has stated to the Chinese Embassy in the UK that the "police service stations" located in the UK are unacceptable and cannot operate in any form. He quoted the response of the Chinese Embassy, saying that all these places had been permanently closed and would be accused of investigating relevant British law.
China said that overseas police station " does not exist " ** non -governmental organizations rebuked
However, the Chinese Embassy in the UK later issued a statement claiming that the so -called "overseas police station" was a "political lie." Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin also denied again at the press conference: "We have already expressed their positions on the relevant issues, and there is no so -called 'secret police station' at all. China urges the British side to respect the facts and stop rendering speculation and discrediting China. Don't create obstacles to Sino -British relations. "
The Chinese Embassy in Britain claims that the "Overseas Police Station" is a "political lie.(Screenshot of the official website of the Chinese Embassy in Britain) Demolition of the "Safeguard Defenders" of China's overseas "police service station", Lauraharth, responded in writing in writing, saying that when the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to their reports in the past, they have always acknowledged the existence of these overseas bases and Clearing their role is to perform "administrative tasks". It has been checked until now, but the Chinese side does not recognize it.
Reporting by party media. At the same time, the official statement of almost all Western democratic government acknowledged the existence and illegal nature of these 'police service stations'. "
Has pointed out that from the British statement, it can be seen that China closes the "police service station" according to the British requirements and also shows that they do exist.
Laura Harth, Director of SafeguardDefenders.(Associated Press information picture) 
The statement said that these Chinese "police service stations" were accused of assisting Chinese overseas citizens to handle administrative affairs as packaging. In essence, they monitored and harassed Chinese diaspora, and were even used to coerce them to return to China.
Followers: Evidence of illegal or early destroyed 
Regarding the failure of the British police to find the evidence of the "police service station" to engage in illegal activities, Zheng Wenjie, the founder of the "British Hong Kong Overseas Chinese Association", believes that the relevant evidence may have been destroyed, and it also shows that the British police's intelligence work has loopholes.
Zheng Wenjie said: "It is possible that these CCP overseas police liaison stations have been exposed by non -governmental organizations, and their behavior has turned low -key, so these things have not been exposed after the police intervene. It was blank, so they couldn't have the relevant information immediately before the matter was exposed. "
As a Hong Kong person approved by the British government, Zheng Wenjie believes that people who exile in the UK and avoid the persecution of the Chinese government have reasonable reasons to worry that the Chinese "overseas police station" will be abused to suppress and monitor the dissidents.
For the different claims of the British government and the Chinese side, Zheng Wenjie believes that it may be that the Chinese Embassy admits to the existence of the "police service station" to the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs in private. According to the consistent practice, the allegations are denied in public. However, he emphasized that the Fuzhou Police Station and overseas Chinese groups of China have released public news about the "police service station" and cannot be denied.
Luke Depulford, Executive Director of the "Transnational Parliament Alliance of China" (IPAC), told this station that the British government clearly pointed out that the Chinese "police service station" is illegal and major measures; He was disappointed that he was disappointed that these "police service stations" may have been removed early after being exposed in September last year.
He believes that the British government should expand the scope of investigation in the next step and investigate China's united front work in the UK.
Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Responsible Editor: Jiayuan.com editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/al-06072023110042.html 
Chinese -funded Myanmar's KK Park was power off by Thailand 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T15:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T15:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Bangkok, 7th) Thailand has cut off the power supply to the KK park in Myanmar. It has a development plan for billions of dollars and supports billions of dollars in China. Analysts believe that this plan is just the guise of illegal game industry and online fraud.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Monsak Kaew-ON, Director of Masod District, told AFP that the Thai authorities cut off the power located in the KAREN KKko Park (KAREN) in Myanmar from the 5th to 6th.
Mona pointed out that after Thailand's contract that supply local power supply, the Myanmar Military Government did not update the contract and therefore cut off power.
The rule of law on the eastern border of Myanmar is weak, and many areas along the border are full of Chinese investment, and it operates casinos, mining and logging in the local area.
The KK Park is a hotel and casino built on Chinese customers. These facilities are operated by the Crathian border defense forces (BGF), a minority militia organization that are linked to the Myanmar government forces.
Agence France -Presse cannot contact the BGF spokesman to get a comment.
According to a report proposed by the US Peace Research Institute (USIP) in 2020, the main supporters of the KK Park are Chinese people who have Cambodian citizens.
The Asia -Pacific International Holdings Group registered in Hong Kong has announced that it has invested $ 15 billion in the Asia -Pacific New Town plans to be part of the Beijing authorities' "Belt and Road" initiative.
The report of the American Institute of Peace states that the characteristics of the development plan include land plunder and the influx of Chinese people to escape Cambodia's suppression of organizational crimes. These groups later set up casinos and money laundering agencies locally.
Xun Zhijiang was detained by the Thai authorities in August last August for illegal operations of illegal online casinos.
According to the Chinese media, since 2012, Zhi Zhijiang has been escaping the pursuit of the Chinese government.
The Myanmar military government commented on the KK park was not commented.
Due to the old and outdated power transmission grid, power -off is a commonplace in Myanmar, especially in the hot summer month, the situation where the supply is in short supply often occurs.
Burmese national media reported that Myanmar Minister of the Myanmar in the Military Government met with the Chinese Ambassador to Myanmar on May 31.
According to the "Global New Light ofmyanmar", the themes they discussed include "online fraud and gambling of Myanmar -China border and the Myanmar border" and "strengthening cooperation to combat cross -border crimes."
Since Myanmar's independence from Britain in 1948, Klunbon has been splitted by the ethnic minorities rebels fighting with each other.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E4%B8%AD%E8%B5%84%E7%BC%85%E7%94%B8kk%E5%9B%AD%E5%8C%BA%E9%81%AD%E6%B3%B0%E5%9B%BD%E6%96%AD%E7%94%B5 
State -owned enterprise leaders holding hands with Miao Ling women who are out of office shopping 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T15:49:56-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T15:49:56-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A video of a state -owned enterprise leader on the Internet was suspected of holding a shopping with a young woman during a business trip in Chengdu. On June 7th, a video of a state -owned enterprise led by a state -owned enterprise was rumored on the Internet. During the business trip in Chengdu, a video of shopping with a young woman was shopping with a young woman. Many netizens identified that the man suspected of the executive director and party committee secretary of the Global Engineering Project Management Co., Ltd. , General Manager Hu Jiyong. On June 7, China Petroleum Beijing Project Management Company issued a notice that according to the relevant information of Hu Jiyong, the company's employee of the global project management company affiliated to our company, the company's party committee attached great importance to organizing and verifying the understanding immediately. At present, Hu Jiyong, the person involved, has been removed from the executive director, party secretary, and general manager of the global project management company, and has been verified by the company's disciplinary committee. The company will further deal with the results. According to the Chinese media "Surging News", street photographers who released the above videos said that after the video was released, the private message from the party has deleted the video. The photographer said that the two did not refuse during the street shot. In addition, some netizens have also set up this young woman Dong Sihuan, an employee of the Global Engineering Project Company, but at present the company does not explain more about the female employee. The station cannot independently verify its identity and the relationship between the two parties. Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-06072023154727.html 
Xie Yang's father passed the illness and dangerous family members who applied for a video to meet and were rejected 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T15:52:16-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T15:52:16-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Hunan Human Rights Lawyer Xie Yang pushed a screenshot of the Chinese Human Rights Lawyer Group on June 7th on Twitter, and attached a screenshot of Lawyer Li Guobei, saying that Xie Yang, the human rights lawyer who was detained In danger, he had a high fever, severe infection in the lungs, and could not be treated. However, all the family members of Xie Yang submitted an application to the Changsha Intermediate Court and asked to meet Xie Yang for the video. According to Lawyer Li Guobei, Xie Yang's father wanted to see his son's last side before his death. Closed learning, learning at night, calling for text messages can not be contacted, so that on Monday, contact with each other again. This station previously reported that on January 11, 2022, Xie Yang was taken away by Changsha City Police because he went to Yongshun County, Hunan Province to support the female teacher Li Tiantian, who was forced to be put into a psychiatric hospital for his online remarks. "Inciting the crime of subverting the state power" was formally arrested and was tortured in prison. Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-06072023155104.html 
Blintin will visit Huataihai issues to focus on the focus of attention 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T15:54:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T15:57:36-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to reports, U.S. Secretary of State Brosky will visit China in the next few weeks. Associated Press picture AUDIO-LINK: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-06072023152611.html/@stream Last Sunday, Danielkritenbrink, Assistant Secretary of State of the State Department of Asia -Pacific Affairs, visited Beijing. Subsequently, US Secretary of State Broskere was about to visit China. Although senior US officials visit friendly diplomatic signals with field visits, the Military interaction between the United States and China in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea has a trend of conflict upgrade.
The United States condemn the Chinese military in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea for provoking fear of injuries and injuries Meeting Kangda and Ma Chaoxu and Yang Tao for the exchange of senior high -school officials * US -China warship insurance collisted with Li Shangfu in the Taiwan Strait: China "seeking dialogue instead of confrontation" *
According to international media reports, US Secretary of State AntonyBlinken will visit China in the next few weeks. It is estimated that Brinkens will set up a stop loss point for the deteriorating US -China relations. Brinken was originally scheduled to visit China in February this year, but on the eve of the visit to China, a Chinese balloon flew into the American airspace, which led to the cancellation of the original schedule.
On June 7, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Wang Wenbin, presided over a regular press conference. Some reporters asked questions that US Secretary of State Brosky will visit China within a few weeks. Can China confirm the message or further introduce the situation? Wang Wenbin replied, "I have no news about the problems you mentioned."
On the eve of Brinken's visit to China, the Asia -Pacific Affairs Assistant Secretary of State of the State Department Kangda had just visited Beijing. Accompanied by Kangda's visit to China is Sarahberan, senior director of the Chinese White House National Security Council. On Monday, Ma Zhaoxu, deputy minister of China Foreign Ministry, met with the two. The press release issued by the United States pointed out that during the talks, the United States and China discussed the issues such as maintaining the smooth communication channels and Taiwan, and China stated that they clarified the strict position on "Taiwan's major principles."
Danielkritenbrink (first from right) and the White House National Security Council, the senior director of Taiwan ’s affairs, met with Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Deputy Minister Ma Chaoxu on June 4th (Two right) (Twitter Screenshot/China Overseas Chinese Network)
?
At the same time, the military competition between the United States and the Chinese warships in the Taiwan Strait has also become increasingly upgraded, and the conflict of gunfire and fire in almost. Last Saturday (June 3), USS Chung-Hoon, the U.S. Millet destroyer, and the Royal Canadian Navy's naval naval defenders, HMCSMONTREAL, passed the Taiwan Strait to perform the task of defending freedom of navigation. However, during the sailing of the US and Canadian warships, the warships of the Chinese People's Liberation Army suddenly cut the front of the Yunyun at close range. The two sides were only 140 meters apart, which almost caused a crash incident.
Regarding the incident of crashing in the U.S. and the Chinese warships, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Wang Wenbin stated at a regular press conference this Monday that "the United States provoked", and China was only dealt with in accordance with the law. Wang Wenbin said: "The actions adopted by the Chinese army are necessary measures to deal with provocations related to the country, and they are completely reasonable and legal and safe. China resolutely oppose the creation of related countries in the Taiwan Strait area and resolutely defend national sovereignty, security and regional peace and stability."
Regarding the incident of crashing in the U.S. and Chinese warships, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Wang Wenbin stated at a regular press conference on June 5, 2023 that "the United States provoked the front", and China was only dealt with according to law. (Screenshot of the official website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs) The Taiwan Strait is China in China? Scholars: Chinese Credit International Marine Law Specification 
Regarding China claiming that "the Taiwan Strait is the China Sea, the two warships almost collided because the US warships are provocative", and Raymondkuo, a political scientist of the US Defense Research Consultation Institution Rand Tell reporters that China's claims have fundamental mistakes: "China has a strange understanding of international law, so China's interpretation is often refuted by the United Nations Marine Arbitration Court Committee. It is said that the Taiwan Strait is a channel for international navigation, so I don't think China can occupy and accept the Taiwan Strait as myself. "
Johndotson, deputy executive director of the Washington Think Tank Global Research Center (GTI), also said that China ’s understanding of international law has made international unacceptable:“ China ’s (for sea power) is decoupled from the international marine law. Most of them are based on nationalism, China ’s grievances about history, and their own imagination of their rights ... ... Even if we assume that Taiwan is really Chinese territory (the United States does not recognize this), the Taiwan Strait will not become China's territorial sea."
The US -China Defense Minister condemned each other on the warship incident in Singapore Li Shangfu pointed out that China does not have any objections to the "harmless passage", but "we must prevent the use of free sailing and harmless attempts through the truth of the hegemony." At the same time, Li Shangfu also suggested "Leading and leading the sea", do not move near the leader of other countries.
And US Secretary of Defense Lloydauvin also stated at the Shangri -La Security Dialogue Conference that the United States will never retreat in the face of "bullying or coercion" in China. Defend the freedom of navigation in the international waters and airspace.
Earlier, Austin had repeatedly proposed to have a bilateral talks with Li Shangfu at the Shangri -La dialogue venue, but China has never responded to the US invitation.
China Defense Minister Li Shangfu Speaking on the Safety Forum at Shangri -La Singapore (Zaizai Press Picture) 
The US -China recent military conflict has increased Scholars: It should be related to Kangda's visit to China 
At the same time, the situation of the Sino -US military conflict is increasing. The U.S. Indo -Pacific Command announced a video at the end of May. The video shows that Chinese military planes intercept an American reconnaissance aircraft over the South China Sea on May 26. The Indo -Pacific Command of the United States pointed out that this was "unnecessary radical movement", and US reconnaissance aircraft at that time were carrying safety and routine flights.
Regarding the increasingly risky military behavior of China in the Taiwan Strait recently, Guo Hongjun believes that this may also be related to Kangda's visit to China: "China wants to pretend to be a conflict, the purpose is to retreat in the United States. I don't think Beijing I sincerely hope to start a war. It does not want the United States to retaliate, but it wants to convey to the United States. This is my territory and this is my waters' signal, especially the US State Department of Asia -Pacific Affairs Assistant Secretary of State is visiting China. "
Video released by the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command showed that on May 26, 2023, Chinese military aircraft flew directly to the RC-135 aircraft, forcing the US military aircraft to fly through its tail turbulence. (DVIDS / AFP)
Will the Taiwan Strait wipe the gun due to military accidents? Scholars: Unlikely 
The outside world is worried that there are more and more military operations in the Taiwan Strait of the United States, China, and Taiwan, which also increases the risk of accidents that cause the gun to get angry. In this regard, Zheng Zhexuan analyzed that the possibility of upgrading the two sides of the Taiwan Strait because of military accidents is not very likely: "I think the possibility of evolution from military accidents into a comprehensive war in the short term is very low. I am more worried that this will create a diplomatic crisis, so Like the middle and US military aircraft collided in Hainan Island in 2001. "
Weng Luo, an associate professor of the Department of Political Department of Sam Houston State University in Texas, analyzed: "In fact, it is not accidental, but the political decision behind it. The possibility of wiping guns and getting angry is not high. However, if political considerations operate cross -strait issues, the possibility of crisis will increase. In 2024, Taiwan and the United States will enter the presidential election. Interest, I am afraid it is the key variable of stable situations on both sides of the strait. "
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Editor: 梒 梒 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-06072023152611.html 
Gaming company funds? Malaysian Anti -Corruption Association 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T15:55
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T15:59
Description: The Malaysian Anti -Corruption Commission has opened a file to investigate the funding of the opposition National Alliance (National Alliance) and use it to report the report of the 15th national election campaign last year. Senior Investigation Director of the Anti -Corruption Commission Hishan Mushan Mu Ding Haxin on Wednesday (June 7) to "Star ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马来西亚反贪污委员会', '国民联盟', '竞选', '哈迪阿旺', '土著团结党']
The Malaysian Anti -Corruption Commission has opened a file to investigate the Gaming company funds of the opposition National Alliance (National League) and used it to carry out last year 15th National Election Reporting for campaign activities.
Senior Investigation Director of the Anti -Corruption Commission Xishan Mu Ding Haxin confirmed to the Star News on Wednesday (June 7) that 52 -year -old businessman Lasteve reported to the Anti -Corruption Association last month and provided evidence and related information. Assist the Anti -Corruption Council for investigation. "The survey will cover all levels, including identification and investigation of the background of the company involved in the case."
Erosov, Lastein, reported to the Anti -Corruption Association on May 30 this year, asking the Anti -Corruption Council to investigate the allegations of the national alliance from gaming companies, and these funds were accused of using election campaigns in the National Alliance.
Since the end of last year, Prime Minister Anhua has repeatedly referred to.(https://www.zaobao.com/realtime/world/story20221206-1340794)Essence Anwar's statement was refuted by the President of the National Alliance Muhinding and the Islamic Party Chairman Hadi Awang.
Asalyna, the Minister of the Prime Minister's Office of the Legal and System Reform, told Congress on May 26 that preliminary investigations of the Anti -Corruption Association found that there was no evidence that the national alliance had won the money of the gaming company, but this did not mean that the authorities stopped investigating the allegations. Anwar reiterated the next day that he would not blame the national alliance without evidence. "The survey of the national alliance accused of getting funds from gaming companies is ongoing."
In February this year, the Anti -Corruption Association has quoted the "Anti -Money washing, anti -terrorist financing and illegal event revenue laws" in 2001, and frozen multiple banks of the National Union Unity Party of the National Alliance.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402086 
Column | Network Game: How many people are dead in June 4th, which saying is more credible? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T16:03:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T16:35:06-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 After the Chinese People's Liberation Army and the tanks suppressed the seven -week democratic demonstration on Tiananmen Square, they assembled in the square on June 5. Associated Press Information Picture Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/wangluboboyi/iwar-06072023095038.html/@stream This year is the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident in 1989. Regarding the June 4th incident, many people are particularly concerned about how many people died in the June 4th incident? Is there a dead person in Tiananmen Square? What are the statistics in this regard?
With these issues, we interviewed the June 4th Museum of the Overseas Museum. The Human Rights Museum (https://8964museum.com/), one of the members of the academic committee, Ms. Wang Chaohua, the leader of the top eight or nine school movements.
Overseas Online Museum June 4th Memory. Human Rights Museum (https://8964museum.com/) Academic Committee member, Ms. Wang Chaohua, leader of the first eight or nine school movements.(Figure/Wang Chaohua provided) Wang Chaohua introduced several statistics and claims about the June 4th death numbers recorded by the June 4th Museum. Please click on the audio file link of the "Network Game" program on this page to listen to the detailed program content. Welcome to this program link on the Internet.
After the Hong Kong National Security Law passed in 2020, the Hong Kong Civil Organization Hong Kong Branch Federation and the September 4th Memorial Hall were suppressed. Under the preparation of the Hong Kong Branch Federation, the June 4th Memory of the Overseas Website was launched in August 2021. It shows the history and memory related to June 4th in the form of an online museum. mission. The main person in charge of this website and the former Chinese senior media personnel have experienced the 89th Democratic Games.
In the early morning of June 4, 1989, the Chinese government's army and tanks appeared in Tiananmen Square in Beijing, which calmed down the democratic movement that had lasted more than 50 days at that time. The June 4th incident is the most sensitive forbidden zone in public opinion in China. Not only the historical truth is covered, but before and after the annual anniversary, the information of the candle and the tanks will be sensitive in Chinese networks and social media, which will be banned.
Thanks to the memories of the June 4th website of overseas websites. Wang Chaohua, one of the members of the Academic Committee of the Human Rights Museum, introduced the statistical information of the June 4th death toll.
The special program of "Network Games" focuses on the freedom of China's network, and introduces the content of the Chinese network banned.
Moderator Xiaoan's social media:
Twitter account: https://twitter.com/xiaoan000
Facebook account: https://www.facebook.com/pei.an.58
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/wangluoboyi/iwar-06072023095038.html 
Indian Boeing passenger plane forced the Russian Far East Airport due to engine problems 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T16:03
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T16:36
Description: A Boeing 777 wide -body passenger aircraft was forced to land at the Russian Far East Airport due to engine problems. Indian Airlines sent a reserve aircraft on Wednesday (June 7) to pick up passengers stranded in Russia. Reuters reports that the faulty passenger plane occurs from Germany on Tuesday (6th) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['印度', '航空公司', '俄罗斯', '波音', '故障']
A Boeing 777 wide -body passenger aircraft was forced to land at the Russian Far East Airport due to engine problems. Indian Airlines sent a reserve aircraft on Wednesday (June 7) to pick up passengers stranded in Russia.
Reuters reported that the faulty passenger plane took off from Delhi on Tuesday (6th). It was originally scheduled to fly to San Francisco, USA. There were 216 passengers and 16 crew members on board. It is reported that one of the engines of the passenger plane fails.
Indian Airlines said that the reserve aircraft set off at 7.30 am on Wednesday (Singapore time at 3:30 pm on Wednesday at 3:30 pm) on Wednesday, and will prepare food and other necessities for passengers stranded in Magadan, Russia.
A US -made Indian air jet passenger aircraft flew to Russia due to engine problems, which suddenly made people focus on the tension of the aviation industry surrounding Russia.
In order to retaliate against Western sanctions, Russia banned some foreign airlines from using its airspace and re -designated the routes to disrupt the business model of some airlines. Affected airlines now need to bypass Russia to fly, and Russia is the world's largest country.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402088 
The United States calls on the allies to fight against China Challenge scholars: the United States and Europe are still there 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T16:17:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T16:18:29-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 American Flag and EU Flag Associated Press Picture
As the United States continues to be tough, NATO has also regarded China as a strategic threat. However, the recent transformation of the United States' pursuit of policies from China from "decoupling" to "risks" has triggered fierce discussions on the outside world. Scholars analyzed this Wednesday that it is difficult for the United States and its European allies to form a consistent policy against China, and Europe is still watching how the United States has adjusted its strategy to China.
G7 releases joint bulletin to focus on China's economic coercion * US think tank discussion: Maintaining India -Pacific peaceful response to Chinese ambitions 
As China continues to expand its radical military, economic and political influence internationally, whether the United States and its allies can achieve an agreement on how to deal with Beijing and become an important issue for social discussions. Some scholars have observed that European countries and Washington have disagreed in adopting consistent policies against China.
At a online seminar held on June 7, the American academic bilateral "Foreign Policy", Cindy Yu, assistant editor of the British Political Weekly "TheSpectator", said that unlike the toughness of the United States, the European Union, the European Union, Has always dialogue with China with a gentle diplomatic voice.
She said: "In the United Kingdom, our former Prime Minister Tras has been discussing NATO against China from an economy rather than a military perspective. I think there are poor communication between the United States and Europe, or it may not only have poor communication, but the two parties, but the two parties, but the two parties. There is a deviation in knowing China. "
Yu Xiaodan mentioned that Li Qiang, Prime Minister of the State Council of China, will be invited to visit Berlin and Paris in the end of the month. This is the latest effort to ease the tension between China and Europe. She believes that France and Germany are the most important economic participants in China and play an important role among the EU; coupled with the historical reasons of Europe itself, it is difficult for the European Union to form a unified foreign policy.
In addition, she also mentioned the difficulties of the United States and Europe to China: "On the issue of China, a major obstacle to the United States and Europe's unity is the" Reducing Inflation Act ". Many Europeans are dissatisfied with the Bynden government's bill ... This is another reminder to Europeans. Even if it involves Chinese issues, some U.S. priority measures actually cause additional damage. "
A few days ago, China rejected the request of the two countries' defense ministers proposed by the United States in Singapore. U.S. Defense Minister Lloydaustin delivered a speech at the Shangri -La Safety Dialogue on June 3, saying that the United States will continue to cooperate with regional allies to ensure that the Indo -Pacific region will be free to open and jointly respond to Chinese challenges.
U.S. Defense Minister Lloydaustin delivered a speech at the Shangri -La Safety Dialogue on June 3, saying that the United States will continue to cooperate with regional allies to ensure that the Indo -Pacific region will be free to open and jointly respond to Chinese challenges. (Associated Press picture) However, the recent transformation from the US policy from "Decoupling" to "De-Risking" has caused the outside world to think about the US softening attitude towards China. In this regard, JamesPalmer, deputy editor -in -chief of Foreign Policy, did not think that the United States would make concessions.
"This does not seem to promote some kind of reconciliation so strongly." He said: "I think this shows to a certain extent that there are real differences in security and trade and diplomacy within the United States system."
Palmo believes that China is still one of the largest trading partners in the European Union, and it is difficult for the United States to essentially take a tough position in China to cooperate with the European Union.
"It is difficult to make Europe acknowledge that China is a strategic opponent or enemy, and it is difficult for the United States to join Europe because Europe is not Asia after all. Although the Quartet Security Dialogue (QUAD) shows the existence of some great power, it is Britain in the UK Colonial accessories ... Europeans do not participate in this game. The essence of their relationship with China is the concern of human rights from trade and a little bit of human rights from different angles. "
Regardless of whether it is China -Europe decoupled or the decoupling of China and the United States, Yu Xiaodan and Palmer agreed that this expectation is difficult to achieve with the continued growth of bilateral trade. Yu Xiaodan pointed out that many European governments are still watching how the United States has realized the policy transformation of China from "decoupling" to "risks".
Rhodium Group, a senior adviser to Rhodium Group, said at a hearing at the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee on the afternoon of June 7 that with China, Russia, which constitutes a war threat to Europe by China support, Europe, Europe, I changed to know China. He told the US legislators that European tough stance can cover up the differences between 27 EU member states and internal European governments, and Europe will implement "de -risk" in practice.
As early as June last year, NATO member states passed the "NATO 2022 Strategic Concept" to identify Russia as the "most direct threat" faced by NATO, while China constituted a "systemic challenge". The first attempt for strategic goals in the next ten years.
On May 10 this year, Robbauer, chairman of the NATO Military Commission Robbauer, emphasized to the outside world again after the alliance national military summit held at the Brussels headquarters in NATO, but NATO does not think that China is a threat, but a challenge. He said that unlike the threat of Russia and terrorist organizations, "NATO has not designated military plans for China."
On June 5th, Jensstoltenberg, the Secretary -General of NATO, was accused of challenging the growing military, economic and political strength of China to NATO during the attendance of an informal meeting of foreign ministers in Norway. Essence
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: 纬 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/jw-06072023124359.html 
CECC's cross -party chairman to the Prime Minister of British Prime Minister called for assistance to release Li Zhiying and other Hong Kong political prisoners 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T16:31:15-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T16:31:15-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The CECC Cross-Party Chairman of the Congress-EXECUTIVE Commission Onchina (CECC) of the Congress and Administrative Authority of the United States Congress, on June 7, wrote to Rishi Sunak, a British Prime Minister, calling on him to release Li Zhiying and other Hong Kong political politics. The priority is listed. The CECC official website screenshot of the Congressional-EXECUTIVE Commission Onchina (CECC) CECC's Congress and Administrative Authority's Congress-EXECUTIVE Commission Onchina (CECC) gave him a letter to British Prime Minister Rishisunak. He urged him to urge him Honoring the Hong Kong policy actions with the Bayeng government with the United States, and the release of Li Zhiying and other Hong Kong political prisoners as priority. The statement was jointly released by Republican members of the Republican member Chris Smith and Democratic Representative Jeffmerkley, urging Britain to release confusion on issues such as Hong Kong's freedom and human rights, any political prisoners such as Hong Kong, and any political prisoner. In addition, members also suggested that the United States and the United States jointly adopt sanctions and take joint operations on the United Nations on the issue of Hong Kong. I hope that "strengthening cooperation on the Hong Kong issue, especially the Li Zhiying case, will indicate that the United States and British alliances are determined to represent the right to support Hong Kong's prosperity and the rule of law." Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/11-06072023162250.html 
Brinken visits Saudi Arabia to discuss Saudi -related regional issues 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T16:33
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T16:35
Description: U.S. Secretary of State Brills visited Saudi Arabia to meet with Saudi Crown Prince and Prime Minister Mohammed. The two sides discussed extensive bilateral issues in the "open and frank" conversation. Comprehensive foreign news reports, according to US officials, Brinken Wednesday (June 7) and Muhammad ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '沙特阿拉伯', '以色列']
U.S. Secretary of State Brills visited Saudi Arabia to meet with Saudi Crown Prince and Prime Minister Mohammed. The two sides discussed extensive bilateral issues in the "open and frank" conversation.
Comprehensive foreign news reports, according to US officials, Brinken conducted a one -hour and forty -minute talks with Mohammed on Wednesday (June 7). And the possibility of normalization with Israel.
Before Bolling Kenkee set off to Saudi Arabia, in a public speech in Washington, the United States had "practical national security interests" in promoting the normalization of Sand's relationship, but it also admitted that the United States "unhappy can do it quickly or easily to complete this quickly or easily. Item work ".
The Israeli Prime Minister Neitanahu has stated that Israel is seeking establishing a formal diplomatic relationship with Saudi Arabia, saying that this may be "a huge leap to end Aye's conflict."
Saudi Arabia stated that Saudi Arabia insists on Arabia's Peace initiative. The initiative requires Israel to comply with relevant UN resolutions, withdraw from all Arab territories occupied since 1967, accept the establishment of a fair solution for the establishment of East Jerusalem as the capital, sovereignty, and independent, and finding a fair solution for Palestinian refugees.
U.S. officials also said that Brinken also discussed human rights issues with Muhammad, including issues related to the general sense and specific cases, but did not know what cases were.
Reuters reports that Saudi Arabia has invested hundreds of billions of dollars for economic openness and transformation, thereby reducing dependence on crude oil. During this period, the Saudi authorities also arrested a large number of people, businessmen, clergy and human rights activists who criticized the Saudi government.
In addition, according to information from the US State Department, Brinken will attend the Middle East Security and Integrated Ministerial Meeting of the National Cooperation Committee of the United States-Gulf Arabic National Cooperation on Wednesday (7th). , Discuss the issue of crackingout for the Islamic State.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402092 
The police charged Rosma: The loss of jewelry has nothing to do with me 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T16:38
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T16:38
Description: Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najima believes that the 43 cases of Lebanon Jewelry Merchant Emperor's total value of RM 67.46 million (about S $ 19.77 million) jewelry is not appropriate. She said that the Malaysian police took these jewelry in a assault operation, so it should be ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['罗斯玛', '珠宝首饰', '反贪会']
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najima believes that the 43 cases of Lebanon Jewelry Merchant Emperor's total value of RM 67.46 million (about S $ 19.77 million) jewelry is not appropriate. She said that the Malaysian police took these jewelry in a assault operation, so they should be responsible for the loss of jewelry.
In October 2018, the emperor entered the Malaysian court and wanted to apply for the ownership of these jewelry. The emperor claimed that these jewelery was only sent to Rosma for appreciation and purchasing, and Rosema did not buy it. Because Rosma has not been able to hand over jewelry, the emperor entered the court again on March 29 this year, asking Rosma to compensate for the loss.
72 -year -old Rosma on Tuesday (June 6) pointed out in the response of the court: "I can't be responsible for losing these 43 jewelery because they have been taken away by the police. If these jewelry is really lost, the police and the government and the government You should bear the loss of Lebanese jewelry dealers. "
Rosema emphasized: "As we all know, all the valuable property of my family and I have been confiscated, so I cannot save tens of millions of jewelry. Besides, I was not allowed to leave the country at the time."
After the Martyrdom of Najib's 2018 election, the Anti -Corruption Association came to search for the home of Najib and relatives on May 16 of the same year, and the total amount of various property obtained reached RM1.1 billion. After Najib and Rosma, they entered the court to ask for some property.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402096 
Britain will become the highest among major economies in 2023 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T16:53
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T16:55
Description: The Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD) predicts that the inflation rate in Britain in 2023 will be higher than that of all other major economies. Prime Minister Sonak may not be able to fulfill the promise of a halving price growth this year. Reuters reports that the new Organization is announced on Wednesday (June 7) announced the new ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国', '经济', '通胀', '苏纳克']
The Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD) predicts that the inflation rate in Britain in 2023 will be higher than that of all other major economies. Prime Minister Sonak may not be able to fulfill the promise of a halving price growth this year.
Reuters reports that the new set of economic forecast reports on Wednesday (June 7) announced on Wednesday (June 7), which pointed out that the overall inflation rate of Britain in 2023 will reach 6.9%, higher than 6.3%of Germany, 6.1%of France, and 6.1%in France. And the average level of the OECD is 6.6%.
If the prediction is correct, it means that the goal of Sunak's reduction in the inflation rate this year will not be achieved, and the goal is one of the priorities he developed for voters before the next election.
However, the OECD also pointed out that the British inflation rate is expected to slow to 2.8%in 2024, lower than France and Germany.
British Finance Minister Hunter said the prediction of the British economy has improved. The Economic Organization has previously predicted that the British economy will shrink by 0.2%this year, and will increase by 0.9%next year. Now it is predicted that this year will increase by 0.3%and will increase by 1.0%next year.
Hunter pointed out in the statement that the report of Wednesday through the Wednesday has increased the prediction of Britain's economic growth, appreciated the measures to help parents return to work through significant expansion of free nursery services, and recognize the British authorities to promote investment to promote investment The commercial tax reduction measures are taken.
He also emphasized that although the inflation is still too high, the authorities must adhere to the goal of halving the inflation rate this year. "This is the only long -term way to promote economic growth and alleviate the pressure of family life costs."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402106 
Shanghai Court frozen China ’s largest real estate agent Wanda's commercial value of US $ 278 million 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T16:59:08+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 10:14:02Z
Description: A court of Shanghai has ordered the frozen stocks of China's largest commercial real estate developer and a shares of RMB 1.98 billion (US $ 2781.8 million) under the Dalian Wanda Group.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '经济·金融·贸易'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/shanghai-court-freezes-278-mln-worth-of-shares-in-wanda-commercial-20230607/7126335.html 
Zelei: The dam was bombed and hundreds of thousands of people could not get drinking water normally 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T17:32
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T18:26
Description: Ukrainian President Zelegiski warned that Khahofka's dam was blown, which caused hundreds of thousands of people to be unable to get drinking water normally. Reuters reported that Zediski issued Telegram on Wednesday (June 7) in the instant messaging that after the Khahofka dam was blown up, hundreds of thousands of people ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '乌克兰', '水坝', '泽连斯基']
Ukrainian President Zelegiski warned that Carkhofka Dam was blown As a result, hundreds of thousands of people could not get drinking water normally.
Reuters reported that Zediski posted Telegram on Wednesday (June 7) that after the Cartaka Dam was blown, hundreds of thousands of people could no longer get drinking water normally, and emphasized that the blew "absolutely is definitely the dam that is definitely a dam that is definitely the dam. Interesting behavior.
Ukrainian officials said that the water supply was interrupted in some areas of the southern and southeast of Dniebro Peter, Zapolo, Nicholaev, and Hermuson.
Oleksandr Kubrakov, the Minister of Infrastructure of Ukraine, issued a tweet that the current primary task was "supplying water influenced by Russian terrorist attacks."
Ukrainian infrastructure restoration and development agencies said that the authorities have decided to contribute 1.5 billion Greffner (about S $ 55 million) to build a new pipeline with a total length of 87 kilometers and can be transported by about 300,000 cubic meters per day.
The Ministry of Health warned that because water contains chemicals, it may be harmful to health, and residents urge residents to only drink bottled water and safe water, and use safe water when cooking.
The Khahova Dam was blown on Tuesday (6th), and the Russian and the Ukraine referred to the culprit.
Kiev claimed that the dam was bombed and caused the embankment, and the water level rose to about five meters overnight. It was hoped that it would stop rising before the end of Wednesday, and warned that about 420,000 people would face the risk of floods.
Agence France -Presse quoted the Ukrainian emergency department and local Russian officials on Wednesday that more than 2,700 people on both sides of the Dieber River were evacuated.
Reuters quoted the Ukrainian agricultural department to warn that floods will flood tens of thousands of hectares of farmland in southern Ukraine and may make at least 500,000 hectares lose irrigation land into "deserts".
According to the Russian news agency, after the dam was bursting, as many as 100 people were trapped in New Carhofka, and thousands of wild animals were killed.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402122 
The EU approves the first respiratory tract synthetic vaccine vaccine 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T17:46
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T17:46
Description: The European Commission has approved the world's first respiratory tract syylocar virus (RSV) vaccine Arexvy. It is expected that the vaccine will be launched for the first time in Europe before the high incidence of respiratory virus this fall this fall. Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that Arexvy was greeted by GlaxoSmot Pharmaceutical ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['欧洲', '健康', '疫苗']
The European Commission has approved the world's first respiratory tract syylocar virus (RSV) vaccine Arexvy. It is expected that the vaccine will be launched for the first time in Europe before the high incidence of respiratory virus this fall this fall.
Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that Arexvy was produced by GlaxoSmot Pharmaceuticals (GSK). The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced on May 3 that it approved the listing of Arexvy, and the United States has also become the first country to approve the vaccine. The European Commission also approved the use of the vaccine in Europe on Wednesday (June 7).
The Gramos' statement on the day states that the supply of Arexvy in Europe will depend on the suggestions and reimbursement discussions of various countries, and it is expected to be launched before the high incidence of respiratory virus this autumn. However, Grammort's chief business officer has stated last month that Arexvy may not promote large -scale promotion in Europe this year.
Arexvy is mainly suitable for elderly groups over 60 years old. The respiratory tract hypertrophic virus usually causes mild and cold -like symptoms. However, the symptoms may be more serious for those with weak infants and the elderly, as well as those with weak immune systems and potential diseases.
In Europe, respiratory hyperthyceral virus leads to adult hospitalizations over 2760 years of age, of which more than 20,000 people die in the hospital.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402129 
Premier Ukraine: Carthovka dam was bombed and brought a catastrophic environmental damage 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T18:15
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T18:15
Description: Ukrainian Prime Minister Shimagal said the Carthova Dam was blown up one of the most important environmental disasters in Europe in recent decades. Agence France -Presse reported that Shimi Gall participated in the Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD) meeting through video connection on Wednesday (June 7) that Khahofka Water ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '乌克兰', '水坝']
Ukrainian Prime Minister Shimagal said Khahofka Dam was blown It is one of the most important environmental disasters in Europe in recent decades.
Agence France -Presse reported that Shimagal participated in the Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD) meeting through a video connection on Wednesday (June 7) that the damage of the Khahofka dam will cause dozens of villages and towns to face water use problems. , It will also affect the irrigation system in southern Ukraine, "leading to arid and crop harvesting, which has hit the core of global food security."
Shimagal pointed out that Khahofka Hydropower Station was destroyed, which means that "at least 150 tons of oil infiltration (Dnieberry) may also have 300 tons of oil exudation, which pose a threat to unique plant and animal groups."
Shimagal said that the destruction of the Khahofka dam was "anti -human crime and ecological extinction." Russia must face strong and unified responses, not just words.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402134 
Seeing CEO of Citi, the director of China Monetary Management said that the financial industry will further expand and open 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T18:21:54+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 10:26:53Z
Description: Jane Fraser, CEO of Citi Group, stated in the first visit to China as the president of the group this week that Citi Bank will continue to expand its business in China. Beijing is currently trying to attract more foreign capital.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '经济·金融·贸易'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-to-further-open-financial-sector-20230607/7126392.html 
NATO will carry out the largest Air Force deployment exercise in history next week 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T19:55
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T19:55
Description: NATO will carry out the largest air force in the history of the alliance in Europe to deploy the exercise "Air Defender 23" in the history of the alliance in Europe. The German military said that all measures have taken all measures to avoid being affected by the exercise by civil airlines. Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['北约', '德国', '美国', '军事', '演习']
NATO will carry out the largest air force in the history of the alliance in Europe to deploy the exercise "Air Defender 23" in the history of the alliance in Europe. The German military said that all measures have taken all measures to avoid being affected by the exercise by civil airlines.
Comprehensive Reuters and Agence France -Presse reported that this "Air Guard 23" exercise will be led by the German Air Force and will start next Monday (June 12) for about 10 days. At that time, there will be 25 NATO and partner countries. About 220 military planes and nearly 10,000 soldiers participated.
The German Air Force Chief Ingogerhartz stated on Wednesday (7th) that the idea of "Air Guard 23" was born in 2018. This exercise is defensive and does not target anyone. He does not expect Russia's military activities Increased due to the exercise.
Gelhartz emphasized: "NATO is using exercises to show that NATO's territory is a red line. We are preparing to defend every centimeter of this territory, but we will not take any flight to Kalinrad."
The exercise will include the training at the level of action and tactical, and how to quickly transport air reinforcement forces to Germany when conflicting with Russia.
Germany is located in the European center. When the above situation occurs, it will provide NATO with a major logistics center and assembly area, and even in a peaceful period, more than 35,000 U.S. military station is stationed.
Talking about the impact of exercises on civil aviation transportation, Gelhartz said that during the exercise, most of the aircraft of about 2,000 flights will fly over the North Sea and the Baltic Sea. Interference of aviation transportation. He is expected to be canceled by flights, and any delay will only be within a few minutes.
Michael Loh, director of the National Air Force National Guard, also stated on the same day that it is expected that the exercise to mobilize the flow of civil aviation is very small.
The exercise will be concentrated in the German Air Force Base and will also involve locations in the Netherlands and the Czech Republic. The United States will send about 100 planes to Europe, most of which are provided by the US Air Force National Guard.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402158 
On Wednesday, the U.S. market almost remained at the end of the market. Coinbase was sued 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T20:17
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T20:17
Description: ● As the world's second largest economy, China has just released that its economic continues to slow down, which affects the main stock index futures futures in the Wall Street stock market. ● At 7:00, the standard and the Pur 500 Index Period ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国股市', '美市', '财经即时']
Wednesday (June 7):
● As the world's second largest economy, China has just released that its economic continues to slow down, which affects the main stock index futures futures in the Wall Street stock market.
● At 7 o'clock, the standard and the Pur 500 index futures rose slightly by 1.70 points or 0.04 % to 4285.60 points; Point, at 33562.60 points.
● In the case of investors waiting for the Federal Reserve to start a policy meeting next week, the US stock market overnight (Tuesday) was raised by the rise of the rising trend of the economic sensitive sector.
● The standard and the Pur 500 index rose by 10.06 points overnight, and closed the market 4283.85 points. The heavyweight Dow Jones Index also started at 10.42 points, and closed the market 33573.28 points. The Nasdaq 100 Index, which is mainly technology stocks, rose slightly by 0.01 % or 1.60 points, and closed at 14558.09 points.
Priority of trading before the market:
● E -Commerce Group Shopify has completed its SHOPIFYLOGISTICS to the global logistics platform Flexport before the May 3rd agreement. According to the agreement, Shopify will receive 13 % of Flexport. The sales operation increased Shopify's equity in Flexport. Shopify's stock price rose by $ 0.64 before the market, and US $ 64.30.
● All Tesla Model3 electric vehicles are now eligible to obtain US $ 7,500 U.S. tax credits, driving Tesla's stock price to nearly 3 % before the market tonight, and $ 227.41.
● The old -fashioned Campbellsoup and the Model Stock Game Station (GameStop) will release quarterly performance tonight. The stock price of Jinbao Tang and the game station rose 0.41 US dollars and $ 0.64 before the market, respectively, US $ 51.00 and $ 25.33.
● On Wednesday, let's take a look at why the largest cryptocurrency trading platform in the United States has plummeted overnight. Before the market, the stock rebounded $ 1.24, and it reported at $ 52.85.
● Active stocks before the market: Tesla, Amazon, C3.AI Inc, Unity Software, and PalantiRTECHNOLOGIES. At the time of the draft, the stock price of these five active stocks rose.
 The SEC said: "Coinbase platforms that usually separate the three characters in the traditional securities market, namely agents, exchanges and liquidation agencies, all of them are integrated together. It is or a clearing institution to avoid the disclosure system formulated by Congress for our securities market. "(Agence France -Presse)
Coinbase Global Inc (Nasdaq Stock Exchange code: Coin) 
The United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) sued overnight, the largest cryptocurrency trading platform, COINBASE, violated the US securities rules and accused it of illegal operations without regulatory registration, causing Coinbase's stock price to fall significantly overnight.
This is another one day of the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange Binance and its founder Zhao Changpeng, the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange.
According to litigation documents, the SEC said: "Coinbase platforms that usually separate the three characters in the traditional securities market, namely brokers, exchanges and liquidation agencies, all of them are integrated. However , National Securities Exchange or Clearance Agency, avoiding the disclosure system formulated by Congress for our securities market. "
The lawsuit also said that since 2019, Coinbase has always played the role of "unregistered agent". Therefore, the trading platform was accused of "illegally promoting the sale of crypto asset securities" and earned billions of dollars from it.
According to the preliminary estimate of data company NANSEN, after being sued by the SEC, Coinbase Mongolia received a net loss of approximately $ 1.28 billion in customers. And its stock price lost all the way after the opening overnight, and even fell 21 % during the market.
Although investors are now regarding Coinbase as a hot potato, the Ark Fund, a subsidiary of the American "female stock god" Cathiewood, chose to increase the Coinbase shares at this moment. According to Bloomberg, Casewood's flagship Ark Fund bought a total of 419,324 Coinbase stocks overnight. As of March 31 this year, Casewood's fund holding more than 11.7 million Coinbase shares, accounting for 6.3 % of the issued shares.
However, 22 analysts in Tipranks have not been optimistic about Coinbase like Casewood. Only eight of them gave the Coinbase "buy" rating, seven "holding" rating, seven "sell" rating, the average target price of one -year term is $ 59.75.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402164 
Russian Ministry of Defense: Black Destroyer Booming in Taliati Odsa Activation Pipe 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T20:26
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T21:00
Description: The Russian Ministry of Defense said that Ukraine's "Saboteurs" bombed the Togliaatti-Water ammonia transfer pipeline in Halkov, Ukraine. Reuters reports that the Russian Ministry of Defense spokesman ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰']
The Russian Ministry of Defense said that Ukraine's "Saboteurs" bombed the Togliaatti-Water ammonia transfer pipeline in Halkov, Ukraine.
Reuters reported that the Russian Ministry of Defense spokesman Konacopov said on Wednesday (June 7) that Ukraine's destructive and a reconnaissance team bombed Taliati to Odessa on Monday (5th) at night in the evening. Liquid ammonia conveyor pipeline and cause civilians injury.
Agence France-Presse reports pointed out that Russia often sends liquid ammonia through Taliati Adessa pipelines before the war against Ukraine. The pipeline is adjacent to Masyutovka (Masyutovka) in the northeast of Halkov.
The Russian satellite news agency reported that Russia's destruction of the Ukrainian needle on Taliati Adessa ammonia pipeline was regarded as a terrorist action, and the injured civilians had been properly treated.
According to the "Daily Mail" report, there are videos that have been blown up after the Moscow group posted a pipeline. The picture shows that there are gas clouds (Cloud OFGAS) over the forest area of Malxiujia. The report also pointed out that ammonia is highly toxic and causes serious stimulation to the lungs, throats, noses and eyes.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Zaharava said later on Wednesday that the repair of liquid ammonia pipes will last for one to three months.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402167 
The OECD predicts that the global economy will grow to 2.7% in 2023 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T21:09
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T21:10
Description: The Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD) slightly raised the forecast of global economic growth in 2023, and at the same time emphasized that the economic recovery still faces a "long road". Agence France -Presse reported that the Organization Organization issued an economic outlook report on Wednesday (June 7), and it is expected that 2023 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['全球经济', '经济合作与发展组织']
The Economic Cooperation and Development Organization (OECD) slightly raised the forecast of global economic growth in 2023, and at the same time emphasized that the economic recovery still faces a "long road".
Agence France -Presse reported that the economic outlook report was released on Wednesday (June 7), which is expected to reach 2.7%in 2023, which is higher than the 2.6%predicted in the March report, but lower than the 3.6 in 2022 3.6 %. The forecast of global economic growth in 2024 remains at 2.9%.
Clare Lombardelli, the chief economist of Economic Organization, said in the report: "The global economy is ushered in a turning point, but to achieve strong and sustainable growth, it still faces a long way."
She pointed out that from the past standards, the global economic recovery is weak.
Factors such as decline in energy prices and bottlenecks of supply chain, and re -opening up earlier than expected by China help economic recovery. According to the predictions of the OECD, the US economic growth will fall to 1.6%in 2023 and will slow to 1.0%in 2024. The decline in overall inflation rate in the euro zone will help increase actual income and bring economic growth from 0.9%in 2023 to 1.5%in 2024.
However, data from the OECD show that after eliminating the large fluctuations and energy prices, the core inflation rate is higher than previous expectations, which may force some central banks that have already taken interest rate hikes to further increase the cost of borrowing.
The Economic Organization pointed out that "can now" feel more and more obvious "the rise in interest rates around the world, especially in real estate and financial markets.
The report emphasizes that the global economic recovery is still fragile and risks tend to fall down. The uncertainty of the Russian War and its uncertainty on the global impact is a key concern, and the continuous existence of inflation is another key risk.
In addition, the report also pointed out that policy makers need to take decisive actions in macroeconomic and structural policies to achieve more powerful and sustainable growth.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402177 
Erdogan discussed the bomb explosion with Zeelianzki and Putin, respectively 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T21:27
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T22:55
Description: Turkish President Erdogan talked with Ukraine President Zelegski and Russian President Putin, and pointed out that an international committee could be established to participate in investigating the Cahofka Dam to bomb the incident. Reuters reports that Turkish President's Office issued a statement on Wednesday (June 7) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['土耳其', '乌克兰', '俄乌战争', '水坝', '埃尔多安']
Turkish President Erdogan talked with Ukrainian President Zelegski and Russian President Putin, and pointed out that an international committee could be established to participate in the investigation Khahofka Dam was bombed Essence
The United Nations and Turkish international experts formed a committee to conduct a detailed investigation of the Khahova dam explosion.
Erdogan also called Putin on the same day and conveyed the above ideas to Putin, emphasizing that it was important to conduct a comprehensive investigation of the dam explosion.
Agence France -Presse reported that Putin condemned the attack on the Khahofka dam on the phone. This is the first time that Putin has made a public statement after the dam explosion.
Khahofka Dam was blown on Tuesday (6th), and Russia and Ukraine had their own words. After the dam was blown up, the dyke occurred, and the water level rose overnight. More than 2,700 people had been evacuated on both sides of the Dieber River. Russia estimates that floods and water levels will still be high in the next three to 10 days Essence
The dam was attacked and caused people to worry about ecological disaster Essence The Wu authorities emphasized that the dam that damage will not only crack down on food safety, but also pose a threat to the plant group.
In addition, Ukrainian officials warned after inspecting the dam that the mines that flooded from the land from the land would bring danger and cause the spread of diseases and dangerous chemicals.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402185 
Tiktok's parent company former executive: the Chinese Communist Party uses the company's data to identify and track the Hong Kong demonstrator 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T21:57:24+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 13:57:24Z
Description: A former U.S. branch of the famous Chinese technology company beating the United States Branch confirmed in a court document that some officials of the company's party committee used the company's Tiktok, a short video social program that was popular with young people around the world. Data recognition and demonstrators who followed Hong Kong.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '港澳', '人权']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/former-bytedance-executive-says-chinese-communist-party-tracked-hong-kong-protesters-via-data-20230607/7126422.html 
Yellen: The American economy is strong but some areas are slowing down 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T22:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T22:00
Description: US Finance Minister Yellen said that the US economy is strong, but some areas are slowing down, and at the same time, it is emphasized that efforts to reduce inflation will still be priority. Comprehensive Bloomberg and Reuters report, Yellen Wednesday (June 7) accepts the National Broadcasting Corporation Business Channel (CNBC) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国经济', '银行业', '通货膨胀']
US Finance Minister Yellen said that the US economy is strong, but some areas are slowing down, and at the same time, it is emphasized that efforts to reduce inflation will still be priority.
According to Bloomberg and Reuters, Yellen Wednesday (June 7) interviewed the National Broadcasting Corporation's Commercial Channel (CNBC) program that banks may face issues related to commercial real estate. At present, a diversified banking system consisting of strong community banks, regional banks and large banks is the advantage of the US economy, but banks may also face some integration.
However, Yellen also emphasized that the capital and liquidity of the banking system should be sufficient, and they should be able to bear pressure as a whole.
She commented on the recently reached suspension of the federal government debt upper limit agreement It is a "victory" for the American people and emphasized that the current "primary task" is to reduce inflation, and the government continues to support the Fed's efforts in this area.
Yellen warned that if the problem of inflation is not resolved, it may usher in economic recession and trigger a financial crisis.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402193 
Ukraine: It's just a local attack has not yet launched a counterattack 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T23:05
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T23:05
Description: Ukrainian senior security officials stated that Ukraine has not launched a plan for counterattacks and is currently only undergoing local attacks. Reuters reports that the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Commission Secretary Oleksiy Danilov is refuted on Wednesday (June 7) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰']
Ukrainian senior security officials stated that Ukraine has not launched a plan for counterattacks and is currently only undergoing local attacks.
Reuters reports that the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Commission Secretary Oleksiydanilov was refuted on Wednesday (June 7) to refute the Russian party's counterattack, saying that Russia mistakenly launched Ukraine in some front -line areas. Local promotion action is deemed to be the beginning of the larger scale of the Ukraine.
Russia showed this week that Donetsk, who was partially controlled by Russia, launched a series of attacks and was frustrated by the Russian army Essence Russia claims that these attacks marked Ukraine's planned counterattack.
Danilov said that all relevant claims are not real. When the counterattack starts, the Ukrainian army will be decided. He emphasized that when the Ukraine began to counterattack, everyone would know and see it.
Danilov will be attacked Khahofka Dam Attached to Russia, it is said that Russia has a military plan. Attacking the Khahofka dam is only the first plan. Russia believes that Ukraine will move towards the direction they want, but Russia will not do so.
He said that Ukraine will now have to face the pressure of consent to negotiate peaceful negotiations. However, he reiterated that Ukraine's position, that is, the Russian army would not be able to negotiate if he did not evacuate the Ukrainian territory.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402211 
French media: Charles II 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T23:27
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T23:27
Description: French media reported that British King Charles III may visit France in September. Charles III was originally planned to visit France for three days in March, but the domestic domestic exploration of large -scale demonstrations continued to outbreak due to the reform of the retirement system. The French Presidential Palace stated at the time ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['法国', '英国', '查尔斯三世']
French media reported that British King Charles III may visit France in September.
Charles III was originally planned to visit France for three days in March, but the domestic domestic exploration of large -scale demonstrations continued to outbreak due to the reform of the retirement system. The French Presidential Palace stated at the time that Charles III would be arranged as soon as possible.
Reuters quoted the French Business Channel Television (BFM TV) that the new visit was arranged in September this year.
After the succession of Charles III in September last year, the first -time visits were originally in France, but after the visit was canceled, Charles' first national visits to become Germany became Germany.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402222 
Mai Kuangmai's harvest seasons are "raining in bad fields", and Chinese granary Henan and other places have suffered heavy losses. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T23:37:49+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 16:23:36Z
Description: Henan Province, known as the granary, has encountered two consecutive weeks of "rotten rain" since May 25, which has severely impacted and affected the just -launched wheat harvesting work. The phenomenon of spikes and germination of wheat has not only been harvested by millions of tons of wheat, but even the harvested wheat cannot sell for good prices because of the phenomenon of spikes and germination.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '中国'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-wheat-growers-face-disaster-after-heavy-rain-batters-crop-20230607/7126441.html 
Mexico President said that soldiers executed civilian prosecutors to conduct investigations 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-07T23:50
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T23:53
Description: Mexican President Lopez said that the video of soldiers who shot civilians on the Internet was the execution of the soldiers of the soldiers, and Mexico prosecutors launched an investigation. Reuters reported that a media announced on Tuesday (June 6) that a Tamauli ... Tamauli ... Tamauli ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['墨西哥', '处决', '军人']
Mexican President Lopez said that the video of soldiers who shot civilians on the Internet was the execution of the soldiers of the soldiers, and Mexico prosecutors launched an investigation.
Reuters reported that there was a video of the media on Tuesday (June 6), a video of Nuevolaredo, a Nuevolaredo, in Tamaulipas, northern Mexico, with a date on May 18.
The video showed that after a truck hit the wall at a high speed, about a dozen soldiers surrounded the trucks, punching and kicking the passengers on the car, pulled them out of the car and pushed them to the wall. After that, a soldier took a long gun from the truck. The troops then seemed to take cover measures to shoot invisible targets in the distance, and then fired at these people.
President Lopez said at a press conference on Wednesday (7th) that the killing in the video seemed to be a "execution".
The Mexican Ministry of Defense issued a statement after the video was released, saying that the actions of military personnel could not be punished or allowed any acts that violated the rule of law.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230607-1402228 
Sino -Russian trade in May hit a new high after the Russian and Ukraine War 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T4:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Beijing, 7th) According to the data released by the General Administration of Customs today, with the support of Beijing's support for the sanctioned ally Russia, the total trade between China and Russia has soared in May to the Moscow authorities. The highest record.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to information released by the General Administration of Customs, the May trade between China and Russia reached $ 20.5 billion in May; of which, the amount of imports from Russia from Russia was $ 11.3 billion.
The official did not explain these data in detail, but it can also be seen in the data that China's exports have fallen for the first time since February, which interrupted the two -month growth trend brought by the recovery after the epidemic.
Affected by global inflation, economic recession in other countries, and geopolitical tensions in the United States and China, weaken the demand for Chinese products.
However, the trade between China and Russia reversed the adversity of the Beijing authorities.
According to the General Administration of Customs, China is Russia's largest trading partner, and the trade volume of the two parties reached a record 190 billion US dollars last year.
At the March summit, to celebrate the "unlimited" partnership between the two countries, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimirputin established the goal of raising bilateral trade to US $ 200 billion in 2023.
Russia Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak said last month that Russia's energy transportation to China this year is expected to grow 40%.
Although the Beijing authorities claimed to be neutral in the Russia and Ukraine War, China was criticized by Western countries for rejection of the Moscow authorities and maintaining close strategic partnerships with Russia.
Today's data also shows that even with the decline in trade with most major European markets and the United States, China's exports to Russia in May increased by 75.6%, the largest increase since Russia's comprehensive invasion of Ukraine.
With the shrinking of China's manufacturing activities for two consecutive months in May, these data highlight the weaknesses of China's second largest economy in China.
Today, it is reported that the Chinese government has demanded several banks in China to reduce the deposit interest rate to boost the economy.
Analysts pointed out that this move may show that the People's Bank of China is considering the fastest rate of interest rate cuts this month.
ANZ Banking Group, Khoongoh, said that these numbers are another batch of disappointing information and "will trigger concerns about growth and exacerbate more policy support for policies."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230607-%E4%B8%AD%E4%BF%845%E6%9C%88%E8%B4%B8%E6%98%93%E9%A2%9D%E5%88%9B%E4%BF%84%E4%B9%8C%E6%88%98%E4%BA%89%E5%90%8E%E6%96%B0%E9%AB%98 
Australia's push bilateral security agreement was questioned by Papurai and Wan Na Du to affect sovereignty 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-07T8:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07T13:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 7th) Australia tried to sign a security agreement with two Pacific neighbor Papua New Guinea and Van Na Du, and curb China's growing regional influence. Now they have encountered stumbling blocks. The two island countries leaders are worried about Agreement may affect national sovereignty.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The leaders of Papua New Guinea and Van Naur questioned whether the safety agreement proposed by Australia was still being discussed. These protocols seemed to have been finalized.
The purpose of the two agreements is to consolidate the status of Australia as the preferred security partner of the Pacific Ocean, and China also tries to please these countries.
Vannuda Prime Minister Ishmael Kalsakau said on the 6th that some of his country believes that the agreement reached with Australia last year may give the Australian military too much power.
He said: "We must eliminate the stigma of the agreement that is one -sided and does not reflect the sovereignty of Wannanu."
Calza ’s comment was proposed after signing a draft security treaty with Australia in Papua New Guinea. Papua New Guinea Prime Minister JamesMarape said that some clauses that did not explain infringed the country’ s “sovereign right”.
He said that Australian officials have been required to re -formulate drafts and call it a work that is undergoing.
Papua New Guinea signed a national defense cooperation agreement with the United States in May, triggering students' protests and calling for increasing transparency.
Due to the increasingly fierce competition between China and Western countries, many Pacific countries are still working hard to deal with the problems left over in the past colonial history.
The China and the Solomon Islands signed a secret security agreement last April. Australia was caught off guard and has been busy strengthening the relationship with the Pacific neighbors since then.
The South Pacific has a channel and marine resources. If a war occurs in Taiwan, the South Pacific may become an important military battlefield.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230607-%E6%BE%B3%E6%B4%B2%E6%8E%A8%E5%8F%8C%E8%BE%B9%E5%AE%89%E5%85%A8%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE-%E9%81%AD%E5%B7%B4%E7%BA%BD-%E4%B8%87%E9%82%A3%E6%9D%9C%E8%B4%A8%E7%96%91%E5%BD%B1%E5%93%8D%E4%B8%BB%E6%9D%83 
China's new generation of JF-22 ultra-high-speed wind tunnel passed the acceptance, but experts questioned that Chinese technology leads the United States significantly 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T01:51:07+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 17:52:14Z
Description: The CCP official media recently revealed that China's independent research and development of the new generation of "Boom Drives Ultra-high-speed high-speed high-speed streamy tunnel" (referred to as JF-22 ultra-high-speed wind tunnel) passed the final acceptance of the expert group on May 30, and will be put into the Chinese world. Returning to and from transportation system and ultra -high -speed aircraft.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '美国', '军事', '美中关系']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-jf-22-hypersonic-wind-tunnel-blows-by-us-20230607/7126519.html 
After the collapse of the Uunichhofka dam, Ukraine urgently transported drinking water to the affected people 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T03:49:10+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 19:49:10Z
Description: After the collapse of the Khahofka Dam a day ago, the Ukrainian authorities urgently transported drinking water on Wednesday (June 7) to help thousands of people trapped in the area or escaped from the area on Wednesday (June 7).
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '生态环境', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/drinking-water-rushed-to-those-stranded-or-fleeing-flooding-after-dam-rupture-in-ukraine-20230607/7127346.html 
The Ukraine Attacks the Russian Bach Murte position part of the battle process of the portable camera show 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (刘恩民)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T04:00:48+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 20:00:48Z
Description: Ukraine's 3rd assault on the 6th raid Russia's position near Bachmut, and some of the processes were taken by the Ukraine Warrior's portable camera lens. Hannah Mariar, deputy minister of the Ministry of National Defense of Ukraine, said on the 7th that within the past 24 hours, the front line of Ukraine in the eastern city of Bachurut, the eastern city of Bachland, from 200 meters to 1,100 meters. Special direction attack.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '军事', '每日视频新闻', '社媒-最IN视频']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/ukrainian-assault-battalion-says-it-stormed-russian-positions-near-bakhmut-20230608/7127358.html 
Two American Senator sent a letter across the party, asking Tiktok 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T04:41:47+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 20:43:13Z
Description: Two American Senators sent a letter to TIKTOK on Tuesday (June 7), asking for explanation of its "misleading" or "inaccurate" response to the processing of processing US user data. Previously, there were news reports on this Chinese company The social media platform has questioned the way of processing sensitive information.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['科技', '美国', '国会报道', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国', '美中关系', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/senators-call-on-tiktok-ceo-to-explain-inaccurate-statements-about-how-company-manages-us-data-20230607/7127429.html 
Canadian smoke floats south, and the United States releases air quality warnings 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T04:44:33+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 20:44:33Z
Description: More than a dozen states in the United States issued air quality warnings. Hundreds of wild fire smokes in eastern Canada drifted south, causing the skylines of New York and other large cities to cover the gray smoke.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美洲', '生态环境']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-under-air-quality-alerts-20230607/7127362.html 
Lying Channel: How to affect the freedom of press in China and India "Visa War" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (易林)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T05:13:21+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 21:13:21Z
Description: India is not the first country to use visa as a weapon. Both China and India have been wrong in the media visa war between the two parties.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['揭谎频道', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/fact-check-india-china-journalist-visa/7127113.html 
American Ambassador to China: China ’s behavior against American companies is out of political motivation 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T05:24:22+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-07 21:24:22Z
Description: The United States Ambassador to China Nicholas Burns said on Wednesday (June 7) that the United States will return to China's behavior against American companies, and Washington believes this is due to political motivation and unfairness.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国', '美中关系', '美中贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-targeting-of-us-firms-is-politically-motivated-us-ambassador-says-20230607/7127427.html 
