世界新闻
World News
2023-07-06
 
English 
Internet celebrity economy & quot; Zibo barbecue & quot; cooling down local & quot; closing tide & quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T-15:07:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:57:26-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Shandong Zibo Barbecue Festival held on May 2, 2023 Agence France-Presse Picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/Jingmao/jw-07052023093916.html/@@stream This year's "May 1st" holiday fire spread throughout the Internet in Zibo barbecue in the whole network. It gradually cools down after two months. The local barbecue shop has recently ushered in the "closure tide". Some scholars believe that supporting the development of the "stall economy" under the trend of China's overall economic downturn is a way out to solve employment and economic problems, but the government requires supporting services instead of strengthening administrative intervention.
Placing stalls become a pitch to save the Chinese economy? * May 1st holiday in Zibo Cheng's tourist hotspot holiday economy can sustain? 
According to the "China News Weekly" report, this year's "May Day" Labor Day holidays, Zibo barbecue heat cooling throughout the network during the holidays of the Labor Day. New renovation, new equipment.
During the "May 1st" period, on Chinese social media, the relevant content of "Zibo Barbecue" was overwhelming, and it also attracted a large number of foreign travelers who were retaliated with retaliated travel at home for a long time. "China News Weekly" quoted Douyin data and found that the "Zibo Barbecue" keyword search volume reached the first peak of 2.4767 million on April 9, breaking the highest peak of 11.0579 million on April 29. But after the holiday, the data gradually fell, and it had fallen to 109,100 on June 30.
A local practitioner in Zibo told China News Weekly that most of the store transfer was due to the bleak business and serious losses. The current low -cost transfer is to stop loss in time before the heat is completely cooled.
The report also pointed out that due to the stability of local customers, the current impact on the original store is not so huge. Only foreign tourists have gradually reduced the popularity of "Zibo barbecue" to the normal state. The barbecue restaurant is heavier.
Shandong Zibo Barbecue Festival (Agence France -Presse), held on May 2, 2023 [Li Hengqing, an economist in the "Institute of Information and Strategy" in American civil institutions, said in an interview with this station that under the trend of China's overall economic downturn, the pursuit of high -end industrial transformation and development cannot quickly boost the economy. Therefore, he believes that supporting small The starting point of the scale of the "stall economy" is understandable.
"Destruction is to adapt to the current level of productivity development and whether the production relationship can be matched. The problem solved is the survival and employment of ordinary people." He analyzed that in the case of the general consumption of Chinese people, the local government used to induce consumption, and to barbecue to barbecue to barbecue to barbecue. The industry has conducted great supporting propaganda, and shaped the Internet celebrity economy with administrative intervention, which does not meet the market laws.
Li Hengqing went on to say, "How can it last? It is not realistic to solve the problem of consumer problems and economic upgrades through the government speculation. It is not realistic, and we must be guided by market demand."
It is reported that when the "Zibo Barbecue" fire spread throughout the network, the local government has formulated a series of preferential policies, including financial institutions with convenient measures such as "Golden Furnace Huixiang Loan" and "Zizi Loan" to promote the barbecue industry. The scale of income continues to increase. According to the company's investigation data, from March 1 to June 18, 694 new barbecue -related companies in Zibo were added. Some experts point out that the expansion of the local barbecue industry has quickly ignored the limited cycle of the Internet celebrity economy, leading to excess supply.
Li Hengqing believes that the development of the stall economy that can drive consumption and employment only requires the government to do a good job of supporting services instead of shaping foam and strengthening intervention.
Xie Tian, a professor at the University of South Carolina University of South Carolina, told this station that the Zibo barbecue industry lacks local supporting services, such as natural and human environmental governance, so that it does not have a competitive advantage, but it cannot continue to develop. It plays its positive role in the overall economy.
He said: "The Chinese economy is now seriously declining and developed in the direction of retreating for 20 years. All the power of all the dividends and all economic growth is gone. It is useless to rely on the stall economy and the street economy."
Wang Xiaoyu, a special expert of the World Tourism City Federation, also told "China News Weekly" that the supply side of the tourism market needs to be improved in two aspects, that is, the continuous improvement of public service levels, and the differentiated creation of tourism products, attractive reshaping, reshaping And continuous optimization to attract the continuous development of the return guests. He said that it was clear that Zibo only did the former.
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: 纬 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/jw-07052023093916.html 
Is the SCO Organization's way to get rid of global isolation? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T01:20:55
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T01:20:55
Description: This year's SCO Summit is the first international appearance of the Russian president since the Wagner Group attempted to rebel.
Images: [" 1-1688519539.jpg ", " 2-1688519546.jpg ", " 3-1688519551.jpg ", " 4-1688519557.jpg "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '俄罗斯']
Type: Article
 Russian President Vladimir Putin attended the Video Conference on the Council of the Head of State of the Senter Organization Member State Council on Tuesday, July 4, 2023(Associated Press)Russian President Vladimir Putin attended the online summit of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO). This was the first time that he had attended international activities since Wagner CEO Yfgeni Porigo launched a brief rebellion in June.
On Tuesday, Putin and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the President of China, Xi Jinping, and leaders and representatives of many Central Asian countries such as Pakistan and Kazakhstan.
The forum focuses on topics such as security and economic cooperation, cracking down on terrorism and drug trafficking, climate change and the situation in Afghanistan.
Modi said at the summit that "the SCO has become an important platform for peace, prosperity and development of the entire Asian region."
However, in the context of Russia's recent incidents and the Ukrainian war, the political significance of this summit is more far -reaching for an organization representing complex alliances and competitive networks.
Why is the Organization so important? 
The SCO has important geographical and economic significance. The GDP of its member states accounts for about 30%of the world, and the population accounts for about 40%of the world.
India, Kazakhstan, China, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Pakistan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan are official members. On Tuesday, Iran became the ninth member of the organization. Afghanistan, Belarus, and Mongolia have the status of the SCO observer, while Azerbaijan, Armenia, Cambodia, Nepal, Turkey, and Sri Lanka have dialogue partners.
The SCO is not a "anti -NATO" alliance that critics sometimes call them. Although member states have conducted joint military exercises, it is not an economic group (such as the European Union) or military alliance (such as NATO), but a regional intergovernmental organization.
So what is it? The organization provides the opportunity to balance interests in the global geopolitical tension in Eurasian countries that believes in polar worlds. It also provides a platform for Russia and China to promote a stronger relationship with those countries that are not allies but are willing to do business.
On Tuesday, Russia and China expressed their hope of doing more things. The member states of the SCO Organization of Putin strengthened economic integration. At the same time, it also suggested that the organization needs to strengthen security cooperation to get the response from the Chinese President Xi Jinping and the Iranian President Ibrahim.
The predecessor of the SCO is the "Shanghai Five Kingdoms" mechanism signed in Shanghai in 1996. This mechanism aims to solve the border dispute between China and Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan.
Today, it is facing another continuous conflict between Russia and the Ukrainian border between the Soviet Union.
What do you think of the Ukrainian war? 
Since Russia's full invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the SCO countries have hesitated to criticize Russia.
However, the causes of their membership and Russia have a lot of differences.
China maintains close diplomatic relations with Russia. After Western countries imposed severe sanctions on Russia, China still has a conflict with the war politically, and at the same time, it has strengthened trade with Russia. In March, Xi Jinping went to Moscow to meet Putin. The leaders of the two countries agreed to start the "new era" in cooperation
 On March 21, 2023, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping held a toast at a meeting held at the Kremlin of Moscow(AFP)India is an old friend of Russia and has always tried to play a delicate balance. Since the beginning of the war, it has significantly increased the purchase of oil discounts in Russia, maintaining high -level contact with Moscow, and often voting for the UN condemnation resolution to condemn the Ukrainian war.
However, it also maintains a relationship with Western countries, and from time to time, it indirectly expresses some concerns about Russian behavior, emphasizing the importance of the United Nations Charter, international law, and respect for national sovereignty and territorial integrity.
 On March 21, 2023, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping held a toast at a meeting held at the Kremlin of Moscow(Reuters)Iran is the most actively supporting Russia. With this sanctioned country urgently seeking a new economic life line and signed several military agreements with Moscow.
How united is the Organization? 
The relationship between some member states of the SCO is tense.
China and India have gone through the confrontation of nearly three years, and thousands of soldiers are stationed along the disputed border between Radakh Mountains.
Along the facts of the territory controlled by China and India, from Ladakh in the west to Arunecal Pradesh in eastern India, China has all sovereignty over the region. Both sides are stationed in thousands of military personnel. There are support for cannons, tanks and fighter jets.
 On September 1, 2020, Indian military vehicles were driving along Slinaga-Liecheng National Expressway in the Radaka area(Anadoru News Agency)India and Pakistan have rarely talked, and the tensions between the two countries have reached its peak for decades. At the summit, Modi attacked Pakistan, alleging to support militants in Kashmir and other regions.
Recently, Kazakhstan showed signs of far from Russia. In June, the country unexpectedly decided to stop holding talks designed to resolve the Syrian conflict, which prompted the Russian Security Council to blame Western countries to interfere with sovereignty state affairs and from the relationship between Russia and Kazakhstan.
Kazakhstan President Kasham Joom Camevich Toccyev also announced that he would not attend the annual economic forum in St. Petersburg, Russia. Alamu said that lower -level officials will participate, but no explanation will be made.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/5/%e4%b8%8a%e5%90%88%e7%bb%84%e7%bb%87%e6%98%af%e5%90%a6%e6%98%af%e6%99%ae%e4%ba%ac%e6%91%86%e8%84%b1%e5%85%a8%e7%90%83%e5%ad%a4%e7%ab%8b%e7%9a%84%e9%80%94%e5%be%84 
"No Much": The Palestinian people tell Israel's fatal attack on Joning 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T01:35:29
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T01:35:29
Description: Israel launched one of the largest attacks on Jenning Refugee Camp for 20 years, causing at least 11 Palestinian to die, dozens of people injured, and thousands of Palestinian residents escaped their homes in the Jenning Refugee Camp.
Images: [" AP23185234326... ", " 4H6A8649-copy... ", " INTERACTIVE-M... ", " image-1688520... "]
Topics: ['中东', '军事', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻', '记者专栏']
Keywords: ['中东', '军事', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻', '记者专栏', '以色列', '巴勒斯坦']
Type: Article
 Israeli soldiers invading Jining Refugee Camp(news agency)Israel launched one of the largest attacks on Jenning Refugee Camp for 20 years, causing at least 11 Palestinian to die, dozens of people injured, and thousands of Palestinian residents escaped their homes in the Jenning Refugee Camp.
The latest invasion of refugee camps on the west side of the Jordan River began last Sunday -hundreds of soldiers poured in, and drone attacks and missile damaged local buildings and key infrastructure.
On the 4th, in Jenning Public Hospital, 33 -year -old Tal Abu Johar was anxiously biting an apple. He told the Peninsula TV reporter, "This is the first food I have eaten in two days. "
At noon on the 3rd, the Israeli army attacked his family and the other five -storey buildings where five other people lived together. He estimated that more than 200 soldiers participated in the attack.
His relative -20 -year -old Oedai Alacme said that soldiers "shot in our house" and separated men from women and children.
"They kept telling us that you can leave 'after 5 minutes. But more and more soldiers have begun to push in, and they are still spending over this house." Haven't eaten anything. They only give us water. "
When Israeli officers fired a missile from their roof at night, "the entire building was shocked."
Alacme said, "They attacked a house in front of us, and it was on fire. The fire has never been destroyed." "They have no mercy to anyone."
When the Israeli soldier left on the 4th, they began to take their children and two relatives sitting on a wheelchair. They passed a ruin and rubble to escape to a safe zone. The western community they lived had become one Ghost City.
 Tal Abu Johar and a relative of Audai Alacmey arrived at Jenning Public Hospital(Peninsula TV Station)The UN Humanitarian Affairs Coordination Office warned that these air strikes caused serious damage to infrastructure, and most parts of Joning refugee camps lost drinking water and electricity.
According to the United Nations, ambulances containing medical teams are prevented from parts of parts of refugee camps or severely wounded people.
"Stabies in their meat" 
A Palestinian woman who also sought asylum at Jenning Public Hospital said that all her male relatives had been arrested by the Israeli army, including her husband and son.
The 53-year-old Natmier Meli told a reporter from the Peninsula TV, "They entered our home on Al-Mayhoub Street yesterday afternoon", "They started to shout to us:" Don't talk, quiet, sit down, sit down, sit down . '""
Her three grandsons (1 year old, 3 years, and 4 years old) were frightened. "I tried to disperse their attention and play with them."
Outside, they can hear the sound of military aircraft and shelling. Melyi said in truth, "Where is it, where will it hit?"
The battalion is located in one kilometer west of Joning City. The residents here were descendants of the Palestinians who were deprived of land and home when they were founded in 1948. The incident was called "Nakba" by the Arabs.
Israel's military operation against Joning refugee camps was the largest military operation since 2000 to 2005 since the second Palestinian uprising. At that time, the uprising at that time was a large -scale uprising launched by the Palestinian to oppose Israel's decades of occupation.
 Where is the Occupable West Bank Jining Refugee Camp? Jenning is located in the north bank of the Jordan River occupied by Israel. In this city, there is Joning refugee camp with 14,000 people.(Peninsula TV Station)Melyi said she was forced to escape in 2002 because the camp was ambushed by Israeli soldiers at the time and was almost destroyed. She also pointed out that at that time, the Israeli soldiers entered her sister -in -law's house and killed her mother, father and a child.
She said, "This is the second time we have left the refugee camp, and we have been displaced for the third time since the disaster." "What do they want to get from us?"
Israel refers to the refugee camp as the "terrorist" nest that threatens its security, so it is a reasonable behavior to use fatal force.
The refugee camp has become the home of hundreds of Palestinian militants, and they have become a symbol of the Palestinian resistance movement.
Melyi said that the Israeli army was looking for the so -called "wanted criminals" from house to house and arrested them.
She recalled, "We say we have no wanted criminals here, but her relatives were still detained. "I hope that all young people in the refugee camp will be safe -I hope we are still stabbing their meat."
 Why do the Israeli army destroy Jining's house(Peninsula TV Station)
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/middle-east/question-of-palestine/2023/7/5/%e6%af%ab%e6%97%a0%e6%80%9c%e6%82%af%e5%b7%b4%e5%8b%92%e6%96%af%e5%9d%a6%e4%ba%ba%e8%ae%b2%e8%bf%b0%e4%bb%a5%e8%89%b2%e5%88%97%e5%af%b9%e6%9d%b0%e5%ae%81%e7%9a%84%e8%87%b4 
Why did Putin and other authoritarian leaders carry it like this? (Free version) 
Author: David Luhnow / Juan Forero
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-05T02:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T02:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-04T06:34:00.000Z
Description: Things similar to the survival strategy of the regime have emerged. The government will use fatal force and extensive arrest and use it to stop protests. It has optional use of killing, imprisonment, and exile to deal with opposition leaders. In addition, cooperation is deepened between regimes.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001026408
Type: Article
The recent mutiny of Russia Exposure President Putin(Vladimir Putin)The cracks of the regime have also made some Western people more and more believed that he was not in power. There are two reasons for this. One is that the political and life of the dictators is extremely durable, and the other is that they will rarely replace them.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%99%AE%E4%BA%AC%E7%AD%89%E4%B8%93%E5%88%B6%E9%A2%86%E5%AF%BC%E4%BA%BA%E4%B8%BA%E4%BD%95%E5%A6%82%E6%AD%A4%E6%89%9B%E6%89%93-67c8051d 
How can the industrial chain migration affect China's export? (Free version) 
Authors: ['沈建光']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T02:39:44+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:08:99+08:00
Description: Shen Jianguang: In the short term, the European and American economy has fallen into a "stagnation", which is the main reason for China's exports. The global industrial chain presents localization, regionalization, and globalization.
Images: [" 000117499_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '产业链', '出口', '东盟']
Type: Article
 Two years before the outbreak of the epidemic, China's complete industrial chain effectively made up for the shortcomings of overseas production, China's exports increased sharply, and foreign trade share also increased rapidly. However, since the second half of 2022, the growth rate of exports has slowed, and May this year has decreased by 7.5%year -on -year. At the same time, foreign direct investment has declined significantly. According to the international revenue and expenditure data of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, it has severely contracted in the second half of 2022, with a decrease of more than 70%. In the first quarter of this year, it fell by 80%. Even according to the data of the Ministry of Commerce, foreign businessmen in the second half of 2022 in the second half of 2022 Direct investment fell -7%, and from January to May this year fell 5.6%year-on-year. In addition, China's trade structure is quietly changing: the share of the United States, Europe, etc. has been declining, and the proportion of ASEAN, Russia and Africa has risen rapidly.
Signs since the second half of last year show that trade investment in European and American countries is accelerating to "de -China". For example, U.S. coalition allies have increased their trade -offs in China and science and technology; the United States and India have signed a series of protocols in the fields of semiconductors, high -tech to strengthen the diversification of the supply chain and reduce their dependence on China; the Dutch restricted part of the optical carvings machines in the Netherlands; Model exports to China and so on. Will these development exacerbate the migration of China's industrial chain? With the long -term trend of the industrial relocation of the United States and the "Friends Outsourcing", how should Chinese policies respond?
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100150 
Does the central bank's digital currency help the internationalization of local currency? (Free version) 
Authors: ['贾铭']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T03:27:11+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:39:99+08:00
Description: Jia Ming: In the short term, the central bank's digital currency (CBDC) has a limited marginal role in promoting the internationalization of the currency. The status of the country's CBDC in the international currency system can only be the mapping of traditional currency.
Images: [" 000145610_pic... "]
Themes: ['区块链与数字货币', '关注']
Keywords: ['央行数字货币', '数字货币', '人民币国际化', '人民币']
Type: Article
 According to statistics from international clearing banks, at least 114 countries and regions around the world are actively paying attention to the central bank's digital currency (CBDC). A total of more than ten projects have started pilots or trial operations, but mainly concentrated in developing countries such as China, Bahamas and other developed countries, developed countries, developed countries. It is more cautious, mostly in the investigation and demonstration and internal testing stage. For example, the Fed only issued a digital US dollar report to comprehensively evaluate the pros and cons of CBDC, which is still at the stage of the case research; the European Central Bank is investigating and studying, and will decide whether to continue to advance after two years. The test has not been decided whether it was officially issued. Globally, China has taken the fastest and fastest in the distribution and application of CBDC, and the size of the project is the largest. It not only carries out small payment in the territory, but also conducts cross -border payment with Hong Kong, Thailand, and the UAE in Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Thailand, and the UAE.
The initial mission of CBDC was the erosion of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. However, due to a series of defects currently in the international currency system dominated by the US dollar, CBDC seems to be given the expectation of promoting the reform of the international currency financial system. So, can CBDC really assume this historical mission?
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100159 
The report states that the Syrian government has organized a horrible "Shabaha" militia 
Author: 路透社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T03:29:48
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T03:29:48
Description: In the first few years of Syria's brutal conflict, senior government officials of the country established and directed the "Shabaha" quasi -military organization to help the country suppress the opponents.
Images: [" 2023-05-19T17... ", " image-1-16885... ", " Interactive_S... ", " image-2-16885... "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '叙利亚']
Type: Article
 The government led by Syrian President Bashar Assad has not publicized the militia organization, or whether it has played any role in the process of organizing the armed group(Reuters)In the first few years of Syria's brutal conflict, senior government officials of the country had established and directed a "Shabaha" in the first few years of the country.(Similar)The quasi -military organization to help the country suppress the opponents.
Non -Government Organization "International Justice and Accountability Committee"(WHOSE)Seven documents were announced in a report. Investigators said that these documents showed that the Syrian government's highest levels were "planned, organized, incited, and deployed" from the beginning of the 2011 war.
UN investigators concluded in 2012, arguing that there were reasonable reasons to believe that the "Shati" militia organization committed the crime of harm to humanity, including murder, torture, arrest, detention, sexual violence, and plunder.
The documents of the "International Justice and Accountability Committee" do not include direct written orders for the organization to implement atrocities.
The Syrian government did not respond to the request for comment. Earlier, the Syrian government blamed it on opposition militants for several large -scale killing incidents studied in its report in its report. The government has not publicly commented on "Sabaha" -the word means "ghosts" in Arabic, and did not publicly comment on whether the government played any role in the establishment of the organization.
As early as January 2011 -the first day of the protests against Syrian President Bashar Assad's rule began, these documents introduced in detail the so -called "People's Council"(PopularCommittees)The establishment -these groups have incorporated the supporters of "Sabaha" into the security institutions and trained them, guidance and armed forces.
These documents also include the military intelligence department on March 2, 2011 through the security committee operated by the rejuvenation party leader of Assad to the local authorities. friend". In further documents, they were ordered to form a "People's Council" in April of that year.
This report pointed out that it also includes the newly established "Central Crisis Management Committee"(CCMC)Instructions issued to the "People's Council" in April, May, and August 2011. It should be pointed out that the "Central Crisis Management Committee" is a institution consisting of security forces, intelligence agencies, and senior officials reported directly to Assad.
The "Central Crisis Management Committee" issued the first instructions on April 18, 2011, and this report published all the content of the instructions -this instruction required the "People's Council" to accept how to use weapons to deal with demonstrators. And how to arrest them and transfer them to the government forces.
A regional court in Germany stated in a case of a Syrian intelligence department official in 2021 that the Syrian "Central Crisis Management Committee" was established in March 2011. De report special agency.
A local court in the United States ruled in a civil case in 2019 that Assad himself established the Syrian "Central Crisis Management Committee". composition".
 Syrian President Assad(news agency)This report also quotes dozens of other documents collected from the government or military facilities after the opposition has occupied some areas. The "International Justice and Accountability Commission" has not announced all the documents it quotes, and some of the documents are being used in the current survey of European countries.
Syrian Military Organization experts, the Dutch NIOD War, Holocaust and Race Extinction Institute, Ugol Old Goror, said after reviewing the report of the International Justice and Accountability Committee, stated that these documents show that the Syrian government These militia organizations have been created since the first day, instead of using the grassroots organizations that existed in advance as the Syrian war scholars thought before.

Human rights scholars who studied the role of "Sabaha" in the Syrian war said that the Assad regime initially used these groups to keep their distance from local violence.
Forter Abdul Gani, chairman of the British advocacy organization "Syrian Human Rights Network", said that "the Syrian regime does not want the security forces and the army to be taken to do these things."
No "Shabaha" member was taken to the international court for trial. After reviewing these documents, Feder Abdul Gani said that they could help build such cases.
"International Justice and Accountability Commission", a director of Nurma Jeraci, said, "You can see how these troops are mobilized here." Here. "
"International Justice and Accountability Commission" is a non -profit institution that was founded by an experienced war investigator with experienced war, and its staff consisted of international criminal lawyers who had worked in Persia, Rwanda, and Cambodia. Evidence provided by the organization has previously been used in court cases in Germany, France, Sweden, and the Netherlands against Syrian officials.
 Which part of Syria Syria is under the control of the forces of Syria? Since the outbreak of the people of Syria and caused the domestic war, 12 years have passed. This war has led to the death of hundreds of thousands of people and the displacement of millions of people. The great earthquake in the border between northwestern Syria and Turkey this year further exacerbated the suffering they suffered(Peninsula TV Station)#### "Start on the wall"
The "International Justice and accountability committee" named nine massacre incidents in Syria. The report pointed out that the militia organization of the pro -government was suspected of implementing these massacre, including in March 2012, in Holima, Karm Z Eaton, 2012(Karmal-Zeytoun)The massacre of the community.
A Syrian man said his wife and five children were killed in this slaughter. He was reluctant to reveal his name to reporters because he was worried that his relatives who still live in the Syrian government control zone would be retaliated.The man who was unwilling to be named was in the flying land under the control of the opposition in northern Syria. He told reporters via the phone, "When I heard that my children were dead, I was holding a one in my arms just holding one just now in The 6 -month -old babies were killed in the Advian area. So I imagined what my children have encountered. "
The documents published by the International Justice and accountability committee show that with the continuous expansion of reports about abuse, the relationship between some institutions of the security forces and some "people committees" has become tense, but the security forces have not controlled these militia soldiers. Organization, but issued a instructions "Don't oppose them".
The Syrian team of "International Justice and Accountability Committee" consists of 45 people. They studied these documents to learn more about "Sabha" from a community -level pro -governmental group to a strict organizational militia, and later became the army. Fang's parallel army "National Defense Force"(NDF)the process of.
Although there are no international war courts with jurisdiction over Syrian conflict, there are many so -called "universal jurisdictions" cases in the Netherlands, Sweden, France, and Germany -the laws of these countries allow them to sue the war crimes, even these crimes It happened abroad.
Faid Abdul Gani said these documents are "necessary" evidence that "Shaba" associated with Syrian countries in international judicial cases.
He also pointed out, "These documents make legal hunting relevant personnel possible -if they are in European countries, then they can file a lawsuit."
 Draw in Lebanon: Syrian refugees face more stringent restrictions(Peninsula TV Station)
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/7/5/%e6%8a%a5%e5%91%8a%e7%a7%b0%e5%8f%99%e5%88%a9%e4%ba%9a%e6%94%bf%e5%ba%9c%e7%bb%84%e7%bb%87%e4%ba%86%e6%81%90%e6%80%96%e7%9a%84%e6%b2%99%e6%af%94%e5%93%88%e6%b0%91%e5%85%b5 
At least 43 people were injured after Russia attacked the town of Ukraine 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T03:53:58
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T03:53:58
Description: The residents of Pervomisky in the northeast shocked the incident, which injured 12 children, including 2 babies.
Images: [" 2-1688528451.jpg ", " 1-1688528443.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 The car caused by Russia's attack was burned, causing fires and bombing the windows of the nearby apartment building.(Reuters)Ukrainian officials said that Russia attacked the small town of Peerwaisky in northeastern Halkov, causing at least 43 injuries, including 12 children.
The TV screen showed that a high -rise building rolled in black smoke, cars nearby. At this time, the director of the President's Office, Andrey Yeermark, also shared photos of the town's burned and destruction.
Regional Governor Oleg Sinne Gubuv said that the attack occurred at around 1:35 pm on the Kiev time on July 4th (10:35 Standard time of Grindorite).
Pervamesky lives with about 28,000 people, which is relatively far from the front line.
A locant who claimed to be Allah hugged her granddaughter on the street and said, "I only remember the sound of the explosion, and we were thrown into the air. Then we continued to walk, and the windows could be seen everywhere. Seeing the car on fire. I just can't control myself, and my legs are still shaking. "
Sinone Gubav pointed out that the smallest of the wounded was a three -month -old baby. The child's situation is unclear. Another baby was also injured. Both were one of dozens of people who were sent to the hospital.
 A injured woman was lifted away by the medical staff with a stretcher(Reuters)Some people say that the attack is related to the town's military funeral.
Former Commander Maxim Jolin, a former commander of the Ashuying Fighting Force, who is under the Ukrainian army, said that about 100 people gathered together to participate in the funeral of Olehfadeenko. He was a call "baby" "baby". Soldiers were said to be killed in the battle near Bachmut, eastern Ukraine.
Ruolin said in the Telegram message application, "They are aimed at the location of the ceremony."
Russia did not comment immediately on the attack.
Moscow denied that it was targeted at civilians, but since its full invasion in February 2022, its missiles and drone attacks have repeatedly attacked cities in Ukraine.
Last month, a Russian missile hit a crowded pizza shop in the Eastern City Clarmatusk, causing 12 people to die. Victoriaamelina, a well -known writer and war researcher, was seriously injured during the attack and was seriously injured on July 1.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/7/5/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e8%a2%ad%e5%87%bb%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e5%b0%8f%e9%95%87%e5%90%8e%e8%87%b3%e5%b0%9143%e4%ba%ba%e5%8f%97%e4%bc%a4 
How can China control the exports of exports to prevent the interruption of supply chain? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T04:01:00Z
Description: Beijing announced the latest export control, affecting the supply of two key semiconductor metals, and is expected to impact the United States, Japan, South Korea and the European Union. Global chip war has become more and more intense.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美', '稀土元素']
Keywords: ['稀土', '半导体', '芯片', '晶圆', '出口管制', '中美关系', '中美贸易战']
Id: 66118831
Intel, the largest semiconductor industry in the United States, said that he is evaluating the statement of the Chinese Ministry of Commerce and intends to diversify the supply chain.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) "Wall Street Journal" reported on Tuesday (July 4), China Restricted Semiconductor Key Metal Export The accelerated enterprise moved the supply chain out of China, and the current political and business circles of various countries are trying to reduce the impact of the "Sino -US trade war".
On the 3rd, the Ministry of Commerce of China announced that Export control will be implemented on the two metal minerals of 镓 and 锗 from August 1st The purpose is to protect national security. The next day. Mao Ning, a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, emphasized that the control is an international practice, "justice, reasonable, non -discrimination", "not targeting any specific country."
Nevertheless, the international community generally believes that this move is aimed at the science and technology of the United States and its allies. Reuters pointed out that the timing of Beijing's announcement of this regulation is just before the United States Independence Day, and it is also before the US Treasury Secretary Janetyellen is about to visit China.
Reuters reported that the US Department of Commerce spokesman said on Wednesday (6th) that the United States resolutely opposed China's export control on the metal required by the production of semiconductors and other electronic products, and added that Washington will negotiate with its allies and partners how to solve this question.
"China has hit the key to US trade restrictions," Peter Arches, chairman of the China International Mining Association (GMAC), told Reuters.
The two metal minerals of 金 and 两 are widely used in semiconductor materials, new energy and other fields. According to data from the European key raw material committees, China ’s cricket output accounts for about 80%of the world's, and the output of the pupae is about 60%. It is mainly exported to the United States, the European Union, Japan, and South Korea.
The "Wall Street Journal" reported that industry experts said that it is unlikely that this move in China will immediately crack down on the output of the supply chain, because excessive export restrictions will also hurt Beijing's own industrial development. However, under the wrestling of China and the United States, this move has sounded the alarm to the countries that may be affected.
China is reported to be the largest producer in the world. The picture shows the data of the minerals.

The Dutch government called on the 4th that the European Union must respond to new regulations issued by China. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that the measures will have a big impact on the European and Dutch economies, "depending on how China implements", which will "keep close connection with the European Commission and other EU member states.
Earlier on the same day, the European Commission also expressed concerns and stated that it was evaluating the potential impact of this move on the European industry, and at the same time urged China to restrict the content of the control in the scope of "clear security considerations".
Last week, new control measures were just sacrificed by the Netherlands It is required that the country's enterprises must apply for a license first when exporting some high -end chip manufacturing equipment. The restricted company includes the country's largest semiconductor equipment company Aisml (ASML). Even though this move did not indicate China, it was still regarded as Mehiro to block China to obtain high -end chip technologies.
Japan and South Korea worried about Taiwan to fade the impact? 
According to Bloomberg, at a routine press conference on the 4th, the Minister of Economy and Industry Nishimura Kangji said that the Japanese side will pay attention to how China implements metal export control and confirm the intention behind it. He said: "If (China) takes unfair measures to Japan, Japan will take corresponding measures in accordance with the WTO rules."
Recently, the European Union has also announced that it will deepen the cooperation with Japan in the semiconductor industry, including joint supervision chip supply chain, promoting the exchange of researchers and engineers, and also considering providing subsidies for Japanese semiconductor companies that develop business in the European Union.
What is the future of the chip industry? 
In May, Japan announced export control of 23 semiconductor equipment and materials And 42 "friendly countries and regions" are added to the list of simplified review procedures, including the United States, South Korea and Taiwan, which are not included in China. The control is expected to be officially implemented on July 23, so public opinion believes that this move in China is also a revenge on Japan.
The South Korean government also held an emergency meeting on the 4th to evaluate the potential consequences of China's implementation of export restrictions on export restrictions. Bloomberg reported that officials from the Ministry of Commerce of the Korean Industry Corporation stated that they did not rule out that China will further expand the export of other key semiconductor materials. Therefore, the Korean side "plans to further diversify the source of key materials" and be the materials that "highly depend on specific countries" materials. Find alternatives.
Analysis of Reuters, South Korea and Taiwan are the global chip manufacturing place , Try to "dilute" potential effects. Taiwan Economic Minister Wang Meihua told Taiwan media on the 4th that 镓 and 锗 are all primary raw materials. If they want to import to Taiwan, they must first pass through the United States and Japan. Long -term effect.
Li Chun, the secondary director of the Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in a media tea narrative that "China always adopts tooth to return to teeth" to counter the export restrictions of other countries This is expected to reduce dependence on Taiwan and other places.
How to deal with it? 
Reuters reports that the restrictions on metal exports in the industry in the industry will interfere with the industrial chain, so many companies compete for supply.
AXT Inc, headquartered in the United States, said that the national subsidiary Tongmei Crystal will immediately apply for a license to continue exporting 镓 and cymbal board products.
A spokesman for Intel said the company was evaluating the statement of the Ministry of Commerce of China, saying that the company's strategy was "having a diversified global supply chain" and "the risk of our local changes and (supply chain) interruptions dropped To the lowest ".
German companies also responded to China's export control. The picture shows the factory of the German semiconductor manufacturer Yingfei Ling, which was taken in 2013.The German Industry Federation (BDI) stated that China's control measures have confirmed the cognition of most enterprises, that is, it should improve the independence of the source of materials and reduce the single dependence.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中國管制鎵鍺出口-各國如何嚴防供應鏈中斷？/a-66118831?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T07:35:12
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:54:59
Description: The Kremlin warned that the situation of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station claimed that there was "a huge threat from Kiev's destruction."
Images: [" 1-1688562428.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/7/5/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-376 
In many places in China, the floods are underwater to destroy the residential farmland 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-05T07:51:55.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T07:51:55.000Z
Description: The Chinese authorities predict that in the next one or two or two, China may have extremely weather, heavy rain, floods, and high -temperature heat waves.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['自然', '中國', '恶劣天气', '气候变化']
Type: Article
In many places in China, the floods in heavy rain are destroyed by the houses of residential houses 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66107920/P0FZ04m4/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66107920/p0fz04m4/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials China has encountered heavy rain in many places in China. Floods are destroyed by the house of residential houses July 5, 2023
Recently, in the central and southwestern regions of China, the rising weather caused soaring rivers and drowns for farmland roads. Thousands of people have been evacuated.
In Wushan, Chongqing, a building collapsed in the turbulent flood. In Sanmenxia, Henan, some people were trapped in the river.
The Chinese meteorological department predicts that the national climate conditions will be generally different in the next month or two, there are more extreme weather, and disasters such as heavy rain and floods, high -temperature heat waves, etc.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66107920 
The 25th anniversary of Kai Tak Airport's closure: Finally, the head of the passenger flights recalls the thrilling airport in Hong Kong 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-05T09:10:33.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:10:33.000Z
Description: The Hong Kong Kai Tak International Airport, known for its high landing difficulty, has been closed for 25 years, but for pilots who take the final flight, all kinds of calendar at the time.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['历史', '航空旅行', '香港', '交通运输']
Type: Article
Kai Tak Airport's 25th anniversary: Finally, the passenger aircraft chief recalls the thrilling airport in Hong Kong 
Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66108373/P0FZ07SG/ZH-HansS Your equipment does not support the playback multimedia materials * Kai Tak Airport's 25th anniversary: Finally, the passenger flight chief recalls the thrilling airport of Hong Kong July 5, 2023
In the early morning of July 6, 1998, as Cathay Pacific Airlines flight CX251 departs to London. After the air -load aircraft turned around, the Hong Kong Kai Tak International Airport runway was closed for the last time. The city airport meritoriously retired.
The landing routes commonly used in Kai Tak Airport are extremely thrilling. Over the years, it has brought countless unforgettable journey to passengers, and is also constantly challenging pilot technology. In reality, Kai Tak has been re -developed, but the simulated flying world has always retained the airport to show tribute.
On the occasion of the 25th anniversary of Kai Tak Airport, the BBC World Service column "Witnesshistory" interviewed Capt Kim Sharman, Capt Kim Sharman, the last Anti -departure CX251, Looking back at his years of Kai Tak.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66108373 
The balance and dilemma in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-05T09:19:18.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:19:18.000Z
Description: The leaders of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) seeks to strengthen contact at the summit held on Tuesday (July 4) to enhance cooperation within this expanding Eurasian Group, and at the same time emphasize that the organization does not target any country.
Images: [" _130149819_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['纳伦德拉·莫迪', '俄国', '习近平', '印度', '中國', '弗拉基米尔·普京']
Type: Article
The balance and dilemma in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit 
July 5, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The international situation such as the Russian and Ukraine War made the relationship between the members of the SCO organizations complex (data picture)
The leaders of the member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) seeks to strengthen the connection at the summit held on Tuesday (July 4). nation. 
The summit conducted by online video was chaired by India, and the heads of state of China, India and Russia all delivered speeches, and used a joint statement to indicate that they opposed the use of groups, ideology and hostile methods to respond to international problems and security challenges.
Organize the announcement of the New Delhi declaration, support member states to implement the expansion of the line diagram of the settlement of the local currency, and pointed out that the member states will expand and deepen cooperation to promote the sustainable economic and social development of the SCO region.
In addition to India, member states have also expressed support for China's vast "Belt and Road" initiative.
Russian President Putin attended the international conference for the first time after a brief mutiny. He guaranteed the stability and unity of Russia from leaders from various countries.
Chinese President Xi Jinping once again emphasized alert to the "New Cold War."
The Indian Prime Minister Modi, who had completed visit to the United States not long ago, urged all member states to cooperate in counter -terrorism affairs.
Xi Jinping's first visit to the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit since the epidemic of Xi Jinping's epidemic * Shanghai Cooperation Organization China -Russia jointly compete for the history and status of the US mechanism The Asian Security Group, founded by Russia and China, also welcomes Iran to become new members, adding to nine member states.
China, Russia, and four Central Asian countries formed the Shanghai Cooperation Organization in 2001 to limit the influence of the West in the region.
Image source, Russian Government
Image adding text,
Putin has attended the International Conference for the first time since the Vagna Group's mutiny
Putin: Sanctions make Russia stronger 
Russian President has appeared on the International Forum for the first time since the short rebellion of the Wagner Group last month.
He said at the summit that Russia would resist the West and his "provocation" of his "special military operations" in Ukraine.
He seemed to use this platform to send confrontation to the West. He said: "Russia resist all these external sanctions, pressures and provocations, and continue to develop unprecedentedly."
"The Russian people are united before," Putin said in a TV speech in the Kremlin of Moscow.
"Russia's political circles and the entire society stand unity and unity at the front line that opposes the trials of armed rebellion, clearly showing the unity and responsibility of the fate of the motherland."
Since the military attack in Ukraine last year, Russia has been constantly being sanctions and isolation in the West, and the country has regarded China, India and Iran as key partners in the geopolitical pressure in the West.
Putin's support of the local currency trade agreement between member states is also considered an attempt to weaken Western sanctions.
He said: "I want to thank my colleagues from the member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, they have expressed their support for the protection of the constitutional order and the safety of citizen's life of the Russian leadership."
Putin added that more than 80%of the people between China and Russia have settled in rubles and RMB, and urged other members of Shanghai Cooperation Organization to follow the same process.
He also welcomes Russian allies Belarus to apply for a member of the SCO next year.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Modi has never criticized Russia for the Ukrainian war
Iranian naturalization 
Indian Prime Minister Modi announced at the summit that Iran officially became a member of the SCO -this was regarded as a new step in international isolation at the time of strengthening relations with Iran and China and Russia.
Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi said: "The benefits of the Iranian Republic of the Islamic Republic will be historic."
The Iranian Republic News Agency (IRNA) quoted Laish's speech that he hoped that the identity of member states would pave the way for improving security, respect for the sovereignty of member states, sustainable development, and response to environmental threats.
UN Secretary -General Antonio Guterres said in a message that the summit is dealing with increasingly growing global challenges and risks.
The Associated Press quoted Gutres: "When the world needs to work together, the differences are intensifying, and the situation of geopolitical tensions is rising."
"These differences have been added to the drama due to various factors: different treatment methods for the global crisis; different views on non -traditional security threats; of course, there are the consequences of the new crown epidemic and Russian invasion of Ukraine."
Xi Jinping: Be wary of external forces to incite the "New Cold War" 
When it was Chinese President Xi Jinping's speech, he mentioned the importance of maintaining the peace and security of the region, and urged the SCO member states to "take the right direction and promote unity and mutual trust."
In his speech, he mentioned that China insists on resolving different contradictions between the country through dialogue and promoting geopolitical problems, but he also called for "external forces to incite the new cold war in the region."
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
China and India have been more tense since the border conflict between 2020
Xi Jinping and Puju advocate that promoting a system that can turn to foreign trade with local currency settlement to avoid the use of US dollars, especially when Russia is sanctioned.
Xi Jinping said that trade relations between member states need to be closer. In addition to expanding the proportion of the settlement of the local currency settlement between member states, he also advocated promoting the establishment of a SCO Development Bank, and at the same time emphasized the need to maintain economic globalization, and said that he opposed protectiveism, opposed unilateral sanctions, and the establishment of barriers to establish barriers to the "detachable chain" Essence
In terms of security transactions, he reminded countries to master the future of development and progress in their hands, "resolutely oppose any country to interfere with the internal affairs of the internal affairs and motivate the color revolution."
Diplomatic balance and dilemma 
The Associated Press commented that although the Shanghai Cooperation Organization continued to expand, the organization still faces the risk of conflict between interest and friction between member states.
The New Delhi declaration mentioned that the six member states of the organization -Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, Russia, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan -all reiterated their support for the China Belt and Road Initiative.
Image source, getty images
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcast
However, India opposes this initiative because the infrastructure design in the initiative includes parts of Kashmir controlled by Pakistan, and New Delhi believes that the region should be part of its split territory.
India and Pakistan have been opposed for a long time on Kashmir's issue -this controversial Himalayan region has been divided by the two countries, but both countries claim that they have all sovereignty.
At the same time, thousands of soldiers were stationed on the disputed border between Delhi and Beijing in the Ladaka region of the East, and the state of stalemate confrontation has been in the state for several years.
In addition, the convening of the SCO Summit was just as the Ukraine War continued, and Moscow deepened China's diplomacy in this war.
Although New Delhi avoids criticizing Russia's invasion, the relationship between Moscow and China may provoke India in the long run and complicate its relationship with today's Russia.
The Indian Prime Minister Modi, who presided over the summit, called on member states to strengthen trade, interconnection and scientific and technological cooperation.
He did not mention the increasing existence of the Ukrainian war or China in the Indo -Pacific region -as India, which has never been united, because his relationship with the West has become increasingly close and he has to maintain a balance in diplomacy.
A few days ago, when the United States went to Washington for a state visit, the United States gave him a grand reception when he visited Washington for a state visit.
On the other hand, India has always refused to blame the Ukrainian war on Russia, and has greatly expanded bilateral trade by increasing the purchase of Russian oil, which angered the West.
Although Modi had a problem of regional security at the summit, it did not mention that China -China and India have long -term hostile relations. The two countries have erupted a fatal conflict on the long -term dispute between the two countries in 2020. It has continued to this day to a certain extent.
The West has increasingly regarded India as the power to check and balance China, even if the Delhi has never publicly recognized this.
At the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit, India avoided talking about this again.
Instead, the Indian Prime Minister urged member states to cooperate in cross -border terrorism.
"Some countries use cross -border terrorism as a policy tool to provide asylum for terrorists ... The SCO should not be polite when criticizing these countries," Modi said.
Such a statement is often considered to be targeted at neighboring Pakistan.
Pakistan Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif said that the member states of SCO must take measures to "combat the three major crimes of terrorism, extremism and divisionism.
However, he also said that the efforts of the minority of religious factions should not be demonized by the "pursuit of the domestic political agenda" -s are considered to be considered by India, and Pakistan often accuses the latter of failing to protect Muslim rights.
The Modi government has always denied that India has not protected its domestic religious minority, India's population is mainly Hindus.
When the Shanghai Cooperation Organization was established in 2001, it includes four former Soviet Republics of Central Asia, including China -Russia and Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Gilgisan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. India and Pakistan joined in 2017.
After Iran joined this year, Belarus may also apply for joining next year.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66108220 
Israel has encountered bombing and Palestinians to celebrate the victory of the resistance movement from Jenning 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T09:50:48
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:50:48
Description: The Israeli Army Broadcasting Station confirmed that after two days of ground and the Air Force operations, the occupation forces have been withdrawn from Joning. This operation caused the Palestinian to be injured and injured. At the same time, the resistance campaign celebrated their victory and success to repel the invasion.
Images: [" 1-1688550311.jpg ", " 2-1688550371.jpg ", " 1-1688550398.jpg ", " 1-1688550441.jpg ", " 2-1688550476.jpg "]
Topics: ['中东', '军事', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['中东', '军事', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻', '以色列', '巴勒斯坦']
Type: Article
 Israel has been withdrawn from Jenning and Gagosa's bombing and Palestinians to celebrate the resistance movement.
The Israeli Army Broadcasting Station confirmed that after two days of ground and the Air Force operations, the occupation forces have been withdrawn from Joning. This operation caused the Palestinian to be injured and injured. At the same time, the resistance campaign celebrated their victory and success to repel the invasion.
A reporter from the Peninsula said that dozens of Israeli military vehicles continue to withdraw from the camp and stay in the suburbs of Jenning.
The report also mentioned that Israel launched an attack on a place in a cemetery in the Eastern Community of Jining, causing some Palestinian injuries. The Israeli army said that the target organization threatened it when its troops withdrew from the city.
On Monday, the Israeli occupation forces attacked Joning. This was the largest invasion since the "Defense Wall" in 2002. More than 3,000 soldiers, 200 military vehicles and dozens of aircraft participated in the raid.
martyr and wounded 
The number of martyrs attacked by Israel has increased to 12, including 3 children, with more than 100 injuries.
The Palestinian Red Crescent announced that 117 Palestinians were injured, and 12 of them were seriously injured.
Minister of Health of the Palestinian National Power Agency, Mcing Alcara, condemned the act of attacked the ambulance and hindered the ambulance wounded.
 The Israeli occupation forces increase troops to strengthen the siege of Jining refugee camps
The Palestinian Ministry of Health announced that the three Palestinians were injured by the occupation forces in the courtyard of the Joning Government Hospital and claimed that the two of them were seriously injured.
The camera recorded the situation of Israeli military vehicles rushing into Jenning's Ibensina Hospital and Government Hospital. The Palestinian Ministry of Health said that the occupation forces increased their attack on the hospital in the attack.
The United Nations Palestinian was occupied by territorial humanitarian coordinator Lynch Hessinis in a statement to the Peninsula TV station that the number of Palestinian wounded deaths caused by Israel's military operations on Joning was recorded by the United Nations since 2005 The maximum number of deaths.
A reporter from the Peninsula Television, a peninsula monitoring in the camp, reported that in addition to destroying the people's property, the occupation forces also destroyed the infrastructure of refugee camps.
In this context, the Israeli army confirmed that a soldier was killed in the ambush announced by the Kasham Brigade, the Sacred City Brigade and the Aksa Martyrs Brigade. Equipped with explosive devices.
The Hamas Military Organization Izdindin Casham, located on the west bank of the Jordan River, said that it conflicts with the occupation forces at a zero distance in the alleys of Jenning Camp and confirmed that there were casualties.
The Casham brigade also said that his members had violent conflicts with occupied troops in Joning City and detonated explosive devices.
 The occupation forces repeated the same crimes that have been committed for decades in the recent attack on Joning
attack on Gasha 
On the other hand, the Israeli Prime Minister Neitaniah said that Jenning's "House and Garden" military operations will not be limited to one round.
Neitanahu said in the security situation of Jenning's West Sea Fa Street Cymb Camp that the operation was close to the end after achieving its goals, and the Minister of Defense Joa Garrant also participated in it.
After the announcement of Joning's withdrawal, the Israeli army launched an attack on the Gaza Strip, the goal was to respond to the Rockets fired from the Gaza Strip, which was intercepted by the "iron dome".
A reporter from Peninsula reported that Israeli fighters bombed with multiple missiles to bomb a place where Palestine, Palestine, north of Gaza Strip, and another place west of Gaza City.
A reporter from Peninsula TV stated that Israel's attacks have caused material losses to the two target locations, but there are no reports of casualties.
On the other hand, the Israeli army stated that its troops bombarded the target of the Gaza Strip in response to the rockets launched from the Gaza Strip earlier.
The Israeli military said its troops attacked an underground weapon production base in the Gaza Strip and a base for producing rocket raw materials for Hamas.
Earlier, a spokesman for the Israeli Army announced that 5 rockets fired from the Gaza Strip, and said that the "iron dome" successfully intercepted all missiles.
 Tellavov's crushing and stabbing attacks causing injuries to personnel
On Tuesday, in Temov, a Palestinian youth performed crushing and stabbing attacks, causing 7 people to be injured. Witnesses said that the perpetrators rushed into a bus station at a high speed at that time, and then got out of the car to stab the two Israeli people. Subsequently, a security guard fired at him at a close range. A video clip showed that the perpetrator wore military pants, and the Israeli police forces blocked the operation site and searched the area.
Hamas claimed to be responsible for the Tellav's attack and expressed his condolences to the perpetrator Abdulwhabhab Halle, and emphasized that this process was the beginning of the aggression against Joning.
According to the "Evening News", the Israeli Minister of National Security Itimar Ben Geville called on the Tel Aviv operation scene calling on all Israelis to pick up the weapon Ben Gevil.
Ben Geville, who visited the operation site, said the Tellaviv attacks once again proved the importance and effectiveness of citizens carrying weapons.
Israeli media reported that after Ben Geville arrived at the scene, the Israelites shouted that he asked him to provide a security slogan, and some of them described him as a racist terrorist.

Thousands of Palestinian people took the streets of the Jenning Refugees and some cities on the west bank of the Jordan River to celebrate the victory of the Palestinian resistance campaign during the invasion of the Joning refugee camp in the past two days.
Hundreds of people participated in the spontaneous parade of Joning refugee camps, Lamara, Jeriko, and Nabulus. Participants shouted their slogans and praised their firm stances in the face of the occupation forces and their resistance.
In this context, Ziad Nahara, Secretary -General of the Islamic Jihad Organization, said that the Palestinian people defeated Israel's aggression against Joning and its camps and achieved a great victory. Courage and heroism led this great victory.
Nahara called on the Palestinians to unite to strengthen the firmness of the Joning camp, so that it became an inspiring speech of revolution, challenges, jihads and resistance.
 Jenning Refugee Camp .. Resistance and threat to Israel
On the other hand, Esmel Hania, director of Haras Political Bureau, said that all options for supporting Joning and his heroes have been placed on the desktop.
loss of the occupant 
Hania said that Hamas sent a clear information through all directions, that is, the resistance movement in all fields could not be exempted from the impact of what happened, and Israel must stop the aggression immediately.
Hania added that although Joning's difficulty attack led to many people martyrular and injured, the resistance movement gave the enemy a painful lesson, which caused the enemy to lose heavy losses. In the next few days, it will reveal the strong degree of impact caused by the resistance movement to the enemy.
In the statement, the Casam Brigade also stated that the people of the Refugee Camp and the resistance factions defeated the Israeli occupation plan, causing the refugee camps to fire, and burned the occupation forces soldiers and their vehicles.
The statement also mentioned that this battle will become a new beginning of resistance. Joning will be indestructible and will rise from the ruins, and its weapons and tactics will be more powerful and developed.
The Casam Brigade said that the occupation forces failed in Joning and the time will prove that Israel's leadership has miscalculated.
At the same time, the Palestinian Presidential Palace spokesman Nobel Abu Ruudina told the Peninsula TV that the Palestinian side cut off all the connection with Israel. He also added that the purpose of Joning's action was to eliminate the Palestinian issue.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/middle-east/question-of-palestine/2023/7/5/%e4%bb%a5%e8%89%b2%e5%88%97%e4%bb%8e%e6%9d%b0%e5%ae%81%e6%92%a4%e5%86%9b%e4%b8%8e%e5%8a%a0%e6%b2%99%e9%81%ad%e9%81%87%e8%bd%b0%e7%82%b8%e5%8f%8a%e5%b7%b4%e5%8b%92%e6%96%af%e5%9d%a6%e4%ba%ba%e5%ba%86 
"No military use": South Korea degrades the spy satellite that damages North Korea 
Author: 通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T11:14:59
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T11:14:59
Description: South Korea said the analysis of the wreckage of the Korean spy satellite fell into the sea showed that the equipment had no meaningful military use.
Images: [" 2023-06-01T00... ", " 2023-05-31T02... "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '朝鲜', '韩国']
Type: Article
 North Korea is determined to try the second launch after the first launch failure(Reuters)South Korea said the analysis of the wreckage of the Korean spy satellite fell into the sea showed that the equipment had no meaningful military use.
North Korea launched the first so -called "military spy satellite" on May 31 this year, but its rocket crashed shortly after taking off and fell into the waters near the West Coast of South Korea.
The South Korean military immediately started the salvage operation. In the complex operations including aircraft, navy, and deep -sea divers, they salvaged rocket fragments and satellite itself.
The South Korean Ministry of Defense said on the 5th that South Korean and the United States experts analyzed these components.
After the 36 -day salvage operation, the Ministry of National Defense said that "the evaluation believes that this satellite does not have military use as a reconnaissance satellite."
Lee Choon-Geun, an expert at the Institute of Science and Technology Policy, said, preliminary assessment shows that the satellite's reconnaissance resolution and the ability to track goals are very poor.
 Complex salvage lasted for 36 days(Reuters)Sending military spy satellites into the track is a key element in the military modernization plan of North Korean leader Kim Jong -un, and Kim Jong -un once said that it is necessary to strengthen monitoring of the United States.
After rare recognition of launch failure, North Korea said it would carry out another satellite launch.
North Korea with nuclear weapons has been promoting its satellite launch plan since the 1990s.
In 2012 and 2016, North Korea launched an object that is still running on the track. North Korea said they are observing these satellites, but they have not confirmed that these satellites are still running or transmitting signals.
North Korea's launch in May this year was widely condemned by South Korea, Japan, and Western countries. These countries believed that North Korea's launch activities violated the resolution of North Korea from using ballistic missile technology in the International Law and the United Nations Security Council.
North Korea refused to accept such criticism and claimed that it violated the country's self -defense and the sovereign rights of space exploration.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/5/%e4%b8%8d%e5%85%b7%e5%a4%87%e5%86%9b%e4%ba%8b%e7%94%a8%e9%80%94%e9%9f%a9%e5%9b%bd%e8%b4%ac%e6%8d%9f%e6%9c%9d%e9%b2%9c%e7%9a%84%e9%97%b4%e8%b0%8d%e5%8d%ab%e6%98%9f 
Japan may have controversial Fukushima nuclear pollution water from next month 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:37:06
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T12:37:06
Description: As soon as the Japanese government, the Japanese government can start the processed but still radioized nuclear pollution water from the destruction of the Fukushima nuclear power plant to the Pacific Ocean as soon as possible.
Images: [" image-11-1688... ", " 2023-07-04T07... ", " 33MJ9CA-highr... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '世界', '日本']
Type: Article
 A fishing boat in the waters near Fukushima(news agency)The Japanese government can start the processed but still radioactive nuclear pollution water from the destruction of the Fukushima Nuclear Power Station to the Pacific Ocean -the International Atomic Energy Agency (UN Nuclear Supervision Agency) in the Pacific Ocean as soon as next month. Later, the green light was opened for this controversial plan.
"Japan Economic News" reported on the 5th that Japan will soon explain the plan to local communities and neighboring officials due to concerns about the impact of nuclear pollution water. At present, these nuclear pollution water is stored around the nuclear power plant In more than 1,000 giant water tanks.
Raphael Gronci, director of the International Atomic Energy Agency, said on the 4th that the agency's conclusion after a two -year security review argues that the plan "meets the relevant international security standards". In addition, "after handling Water will gradually discharge to the sea under the control of controlling, and its radioactivity on humans and the environment can be ignored. "
It is expected that Gronci will go to the Fukushima Nuclear Power Station with Japanese Prime Minister Kishida on the 5th.
Since the tsunami in March 2011 destroyed the power and cooling system of the Fukushima nuclear power plant, and caused the most serious nuclear disaster in the world since the Chel Nobel nuclear accident, the nuclear power plant has stored more than 1.3 million tons of water, which is enough to fill up the filling. 500 Olympic Games Swimming Pool.
Most of the polluting water comes from the cooling process of three damaged reactors, and the pumping and filtering system called the advanced liquid processing system (ALPS) will extract a large amount of new polluting water every day and filter out most of them. Radioactive elements.
 Raphael Gronci (left) handed the report from the International Atomic Energy Agency to the Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Wenxiong(French media)Nevertheless, the drainage plan announced for the first time in April 2021 has been strongly resisted by various neighboring countries, Pacific Island countries and Fukushima and its surrounding areas -they are worried that their livelihood will be affected.
"Warehousing Drainage" 
Most of the concerns are concentrated on the existence of 氚 -氚 is the radioactin of hydrogen, and it is difficult to remove from the water.
The International Atomic Energy Agency stated that before discharge, Japan will dilute the discharge of water, making the cricket content lower than the regulatory standards, and the United Nations Supervision Agency will "continue to station on the scene and from the time of drainage, providing discharge facilities on its website from its website Real -time online monitoring ".
This process is expected to take decades.
After leaving Japan on Friday, Grones will go to South Korea, New Zealand and the Cook Islands.
China has always been one of the most intense critics for the drainage plan. After the International Atomic Energy Institution Report was released, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs criticized the agency's "hastily publishing" report in a statement and stated that the report was "failed to fully reflect the expert views participating in the review." But it does not explain this problem in detail.
The statement emphasized that "we urged the Japanese to stop the nuclear pollution of water and discharge sea programs and deal with it in a scientific, safe, and transparent way."
 Koreans protest Japan's nuclear pollution water schedule programs(French media)At the same time, the Yonhap News Agency quoted a official of the Korean President Yin Xiyue's office as saying that South Korea said that although the report of the international atomic energy agency, its primary task is still to ensure "our people's health and safety."
Due to worrying about radiation harm, South Korea has prohibited all seafood from eight counties in Japan near Fukushima in 2013, and stated that it will conduct "unprecedented strict inspection" of food in the next 100 days to ensure that importers, distributors and retailers Correctly abide by food safety regulations.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/5/%e6%97%a5%e6%9c%ac%e5%8f%af%e8%83%bd%e4%bb%8e%e4%b8%8b%e4%b8%aa%e6%9c%88%e5%bc%80%e5%a7%8b%e5%85%b7%e6%9c%89%e4%ba%89%e8%ae%ae%e7%9a%84%e7%a6%8f%e5%b2%9b%e6%a0%b8%e6%b1%a1%e6%9f%93%e6%b0%b4%e6%8e%92 
How does Iran ’s new tax system affect citizens' lives? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:38:20
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T12:38:20
Description: The 62 -year -old Guram Ali complained when he left the remittance pavilion of Melat Bank, south of Tehran: "Since winning the last presidential election, (Iran) conservative government has been committed to levying more taxes in various fields , But the living conditions of citizens have not improved. "
Images: [" 1-1688557839.png "]
Topics: ['专家专栏', '政治', '新闻', '经济']
Keywords: ['专家专栏', '政治', '新闻', '经济', '伊朗']
Type: Article
 Iranian President Ibrahim Lais confirmed that tax revenue will be used to support domestic production (Reuters)
The 62 -year -old Guram Ali complained when he left the remittance pavilion of Melat Bank, south of Tehran: "Since winning the last presidential election, (Iran) conservative government has been committed to levying more taxes in various fields The living conditions of citizens have not been improved. "He learned before that according to the Iran's new tax law, remittance costs doubled.
In an interview with Peninsula TV, Gulam Ali said that, given the tax evasion of influential political parties, he expressed dissatisfaction with the government's decision and promulgation of new laws, and these laws levied more taxes on all activities of ordinary citizens.
However, bank employees Muhammad Ali (44 years old) expressed different opinions. He believes that these decisions are necessary for raising taxes in budgets. In the past few years, the budget has been suffered deficit.
The draft budget law of the annual Iranian annual (March 21) shows that tax revenue increased by about 50%compared with last year, and the annual budget value of 1157 trillion Iranian Turkman (equivalent to 50,000 Turman), in the new year Tax revenue will exceed 83.8 trillion.
Different response 
The Iranian government announced that it is a deposit of vacant houses, luxury apartments, luxury cars, remittances, celebrities, content producers on social media platforms, foreign currency deposits and other new development areas -such as buying and selling gold, coins, hardcores, real estate and cars - —The taxes, as soon as the news came out, it immediately triggered different reactions in Iran.
The Iranian government economic team argued that the promulgation of the New Tax Law aims to block the roads who have played a negative role in the rise in housing prices, cars and hard currency prices, and they are waiting for the price to rise through monopoly products.
Iranian President Ibrahim Lais announced earlier that the government will use tax revenue to support the production wheels. He also emphasized that the government is determined to not allow taxes to become a pressure factor for the production department.
The government's decision to increase taxes has been supported by most people in Iran because Iranian revenue has decreased and expenditure increases, which has weakened the ability of administrative organs to provide services and fulfill its promises, while the US sanctions on the United States are invalid.

At the same time, Iranian economist Albert Bahaziya(AlbertBaghazyan)The tax system is described as the oil income of one of the pillars of the national economic development, and explains that, in view of the economic downturn, the decline in national income and inflation, taxation is still an effective way to make up for the budget deficit and provide services, and make up for the budget A valid ways of deficit and service.
Bahazi Yang confirmed to the Peninsula TV Station that the decline in oil exports caused by US sanctions and the difficulty of obtaining oil income in the country are the main reason for the Iranian government to use taxes on the new economic field. The impact of energy support has increased in Iran's expenditure in the past.
Bahazi Yang said that the current government must promulgate new tax laws and emphasize that many former governments and parliamentarians avoid strict taxes in order to win votes in the upcoming elections.
Broadly criticized 
The new tax amendment has triggered widespread criticism from the economy and politics. The former chairman of the reform of politicians, the former chairman of the National Security and Foreign Policy Committee of the Parliament, Hushmartraharht Bash said that this is unfair to the Iranian people. Most countries in the world are also unparalleled.
Farahart Bish wrote on Twitter: "The current government and parliament have levied more than 20 new taxes to citizens, including real estate tax, rent tax, automobile tax, POS equipment tax, bill tax, and funds from one from one The account is transferred to another account and increasing government service costs. "
Former President Hassan Rouhani government's Communication and Information Technology Minister Muhammad Javadi Jachroman was surprised by the government's taxes on social media content creators. He asked: "The government How can we ask for this? Although the social media platform is blocked, is it still to levy taxes to its users? "He wrote on his Telegram channel," I thought the government would provide services and services for them to provide services and services to them. Facilities, not to obstruct and stop them. "
"Double standard" 
In this context, Dr. Yusu Akada, a researcher at political economics, laughed at the government's "dual standards" saying that "the authorities have blocked social media platforms such as Instagram, Twitter and Telegram. Seeing the economic benefits, it becomes very good and useful when talking about taxation. "
In an interview with the Peninsula TV station, Akanda said that the efforts aimed at increasing taxes in the overall budget to prevent sanctions from the government, increased oil exports and the slogan of obtaining income. Rising, exacerbating inflation, and putting pressure on the poor, because the consequences of tax increases will be borne by consumers.
Akida explained that because the government factory controls the automotive market, citizens spend a lot of money to buy a large amount of funds compared with foreign models, and he also criticizes the government to profit from its economic recession.
The Iranian researcher believes that the deterioration of living conditions is the main reason why the country broke out from time to time. He warned that the new tax system may once again cause deterioration of social situations.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/opinions/expert-column/2023/7/5/%e4%bc%8a%e6%9c%97%e6%96%b0%e7%a8%8e%e6%94%b6%e5%88%b6%e5%ba%a6%e5%a6%82%e4%bd%95%e5%bd%b1%e5%93%8d%e5%85%ac%e6%b0%91%e7%94%9f%e6%b4%bb 
Comments | Wang Dan: The four lessons of Hong Kong's loss of freedom 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:43:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T21:55:46-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Tourists watching Victoria Harbor Hong Kong Victoria Harbor on June 28, 2023 Reuters picture AUDIO-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/wangdan/wd-07032023094010.html/@@stream On July 1st, it was the 26th anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China, and it was also the 3rd anniversary of the "National Security Law" that Hong Kong implemented the evil law of persecution of human rights. Today's Hong Kong has lost the past democracy, the rule of law and freedom of the past three years since the implementation of the National Security Law. According to statistics, at least there are now in Hong Kong prison 1500 political prisoners Half of them are under 25 years old. Hong Kong can be said to have become human rights depressions. From advocating the rule of law, economic prosperity, the people have a large degree of freedom to today. Of course, we must criticize the CCP's tyranny, but at the same time, when we look back at the road that Hong Kong has walked in the past decades, I think there are four lessons. Hong Kong people, as well as the free world, reflect on and reflect on: First of all, Hong Kong people, especially democratic schools, have been too trustworthy CCP's commitments since China and Britain began negotiating the future of Hong Kong in 1984. After 1997, the Victoria Garden Party was still held, and the freedom of the press was still maintained. Hong Kong people saw that the "one country, two systems" maintained the freedom of Hong Kong, but ignored the gradual media self -discipline, the infiltration of the CCP, and the dense recognition of the Chinese Communist Party. Knowing operations, etc., are actually changing things. The kind Hong Kong people always feel that things are not so important to today. Relaxing their vigilance can be said to be a major lesson. It turns out that for the CCP, everything is a problem of the system, and we must not forget the true nature of the totalitarian system because of the oral commitment of someone. Secondly, Hong Kong people are too confident to some extent. When hundreds of thousands, millions of people go to the street While maintaining the freedom of Hong Kong, many people have forgotten or despise two things: First, there are a lot of Hong Kong resistances, but there are many blue silk supporting the CCP. Without the support of the latter, it is difficult for the CCP to calm Hong Kong. Second, even if it is fighting, the internal cohesion is not enough. Before 2019, the younger generation had conflicts with the Fanmin. The college students in Hong Kong will host their own June 4th evening party and even oppose memorial to June 4th. The results of it? Now in Hong Kong, you can't do it anywhere. Later in 2019, I started to claim not to cut off, but it was too late. This is a painful lesson. Third, too much hope in the international community. It turns out that this is an unrealistic fantasy. In response to the situation in Hong Kong, the support and condemnation of the international community will certainly have it, but the use is not great. The Beijing Massacre in 1989 shocked the world. International sanctions and solidarity were stronger than today. At that time, it did not have much role. Besides, what about the Hong Kong issue? In the humanitarian nature, the international community must spare no effort, such as collecting refugees and giving political asylum, but it is almost impossible for other countries to break with the CCP for the interests of Hong Kong. To have the future in Hong Kong, it still depends on the efforts of Hong Kong people. The fourth lesson actually requires a free world, especially in Taiwan, which is how the CCP penetrates, and then takes down Hong Kong step by step. This is a planned method, including: 1) to promise a good first The conditions are maintained for a period of time, 2) Partially satisfied the governance of Hong Kong people to govern Hong Kong, so that local Hong Kong people should be chief executives; 3) deeply digging the soft soil, unknowingly penetrated: draw, temptation, let fear slowly, in society Middle proliferation; 4) Fighting democratic factions: discredit, differentiation, and let the opposition lose the right to speak; send people to play radicals, enter the democratic camp, jump out at a critical moment to fight themselves; 5) Through cognitive operations Let the society do not distinguish between right and wrong; 6) focus on cracking down on the most firm anti -communist forces, isolated each other, such as Lin Rongji's bookstore, etc.; 7) At the end, Tuju dagger, the implementation of the National Security Law, at this stage, everything is too late. This is worth thinking about.
We must continue to pay attention to Hong Kong because Hong Kong's lessons have paid a major price in exchange. The learning lessons will not only help us understand the nature of Xi Jinping's regime, but also help the next step of the CCP in Taiwan and the international community. If you do n’t learn lessons, the free world will be eaten step by step by the Communist Party of China.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/wangdan/wd-07032023094010.html 
Hong Kong National Security Law "out -of -domain effect" caused the cicada effects of overseas Hong Kong people's crickets and persistence 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:51:29.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T12:51:29.000Z
Description: The Hong Kong government tries to promote the "out -of -the -world validity" of the National Security Law, and it is high -profile to hang red Hong Kong people. Some overseas Hong Kong people say that every time they return to Hong Kong, they are barely, and they even ask friends to accompany the plane.
Images: [" _130295367_ed... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans ", " zh-hans "]
Tags: ['香港版国安法', '政治']
Type: Article
The "Outreach Effect" Hong Kong Guoan Law caused the cicada effects and persistence of overseas Hong Kong people 
July 5, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Under the pressure of the National Security Law, overseas Hong Kong people did not dare to show their faces when they participated in political activities. The picture shows the Hong Kong people's rally in Taipei.
"There is no 100%freedom to leave Hong Kong. That threat is around you every day, no matter where you are," Hong Kong reporter Qi Ting (pseudonym) said to BBC Chinese. 
Qi Ting was transferred to Taiwan after the implementation of the National Security Law of Hong Kong (hereinafter referred to as the National Security Law). She often interviewed Hong Kong people's assembly activities and exposed to political sensitive people. She said that she has been under pressure for more than half a year.
"In the case of interviews, overseas is more dangerous than Hong Kong, because Hong Kong is calm on the surface under political suppression, and there are no demonstrations. Instead, there are continued overseas. All sensitive things and characters are overseas, and you don’t know his red line. where."
She said that when writing a report, she would have a self -censorship to avoid writing the words "Hong Kong Independence". "I feel contradictory. As an overseas reporter, I should be able to report truthfully, but I will worry about going back to Hong Kong."
She needs to return to Hong Kong frequently for her personal reasons. Every time she cares, she is prepared to be arrested. Before departure, I will pre -delete mobile phone information and contact lawyers, and even ask friends to accompany the plane.
"In case I was brought to the black room to ask or arrest, a friend knew immediately. Because you could take you away without entering the country, the Hong Kong government can say that there is no entry record for me, and the Taiwanese government said I have gone out of the country and I will lose my contact. "
Hong Kong Police hangs a million -dollar wanted social movement, Luo Guancong is worried about security threats Many details of the "Outside of the Domain for the National Security Law of the Hong Kong National Security Law" in Japan Hong Kong's "Counterfeit Middle" 4th Anniversary: Forbidden Books, Forbidden language, self -examination, and Hong Kong people are "re -educated" The Hong Kong government will re -push the "23": What is the difference between the "National Security Law"? Hong Kong Anti -Repair Example Demonstration Song "Wish Rongguang Return to Hong Kong" Banning Court Audit on July 21 ### "Round alarm"
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Luo Guancong, a former member of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Democratic School, exiled in June 2020, and was protected by British political asylum in 2021. The Hong Kong Guoan Department hung a million -dollar wanted to wanted him.
The "National Security Law", which is advertised as "only a group of people", has been implemented for three years. More than 260 people have been arrested and the age is 15 to 90 years old. Among them The maximum prisoner was sentenced to nine years.
Under the "Extractional Effect" clause, not only the residents of Hong Kong are affected, but overseas people are also within the French Open.
Article 37 and 38 of the "National Security Law" stipulates that "the permanent residents of Hong Kong or the corporate, groups such as companies, groups such as companies, groups established in Hong Kong organize crimes stipulated in this law outside Hong Kong" and "do not have the permanentness of Hong Kong permanentness People with residents who are residents shall apply to this law for the implementation of this law outside Hong Kong. "
The Guoan Department of the Hong Kong Police Department wanted eight overseas Hong Kong people such as Luo Guancong, Xu Zhifeng, and Guo Rongzheng, saying that they were suspected of violating the crime of collusion with foreign forces, inciting splitting the country, inciting the crime of subverting the state power, and each person hung HK $ 1 million. The South China Morning Post quoted the news that there were more than ten overseas Hong Kong people on the wanted list.
Earlier, a 23 -year -old Hong Kong girl studying in Japan was arrested when she returned to Hong Kong in March. She has been in Japan since 2019. Cases involving the "Extractional Effect" of the National Security Law.
Qi Ting described that the case rang the alarm of overseas people. "It is confirmed that this threat is not imagined by our outlets, but it happens. Guoan even found things on the Internet that a ordinary international student was found on the Internet.
She said that after the incident was exposed, the willingness to interviews in Taiwan and Hong Kong was significantly reduced. Even if she was willing to interview, she was so careful that she would even actively ask the media to "help filter out too radical remarks."
People in the British and Hong Kong people also felt the cold effect. Cao Jiachao (nicknamed "Cao"), the host of the online radio station, moved to the UK after he founded the political theory "Hong Kong KONGUNCENSORD" in YouTube. It is said that this summer has held a number of net gatherings, and many netizens have concerns. Even the public welfare fund -raising dinner at the public welfare fundraising dinner will also wear a mask to cover the face.
"Everyone will not discuss it special, but there are counting in your heart. In fact, it is okay to be wanted. At least you know that they want to catch you, and the Japanese student case is even more worried about whether the immigration will happen. The technique is more scary. "
Emily (pseudonym), which establishes a Hong Kong -people community cultural group in the UK, also told BBC in Chinese that its organization has held a silent assembly to protest the Hong Kong government's infringement of human rights for two consecutive years, and this year's activities have been greatly affected.
"Participants will still come, and they also say that we are very supportive of our activities, but they are far away. Wherever the peripherals, there will be no exhibition cards. We respect and understand If you still need to return to Hong Kong, there will be a certain risk. "
Operation in reality 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
The picture shows the Hong Kong police patrolling the "Sovereignty Sovereign Memorial Day" on the streets of Causeway Bay
Li Guihua, General Police Division of the National Security Department of the Hong Kong Police Department, emphasized at a press conference that the police hanging red and wanted overseas Hong Kong people was not "doing political shows" (as a political show), but "law enforcement", but he also acknowledged that he could not be overseas overseas In law enforcement, as long as the wanted persons do not return to Hong Kong, they cannot arrest them.However, even if the wanted person entered the above 10 countries, it does not mean that the local government will make people to the Hong Kong Government because according to Article 3 of the UN Except for Demonstration Treaty, if the criminal act is a political crime, the extradition shall not be performed.
Dr. Li Enzhen, a visiting researcher at the Law School of the University of London, British University, told BBC in Chinese that the exterior effect of the National Security Law is a myth. "If you cannot enforce the law, there is only a political effect and cause a cold effect." He pointed out that the Hong Kong government's political and courts for political instability will only further accelerate the cancellation of the extradition agreement with the Hong Kong countries.
Dr. Zhong Jianhua, a Hong Kong public administrative scholar who has moved to the United Kingdom, also pointed out that the Hong Kong government expanded the National Security Law Network, but it could not get the judicial mutual assistance of the international community, which was the same as "self -hee". "In order to have the addiction of power and show their own power, they do not look at the overall situation. As a result, they have harmed Hong Kong, and even other normal judicial mutual assistance links were affected."
He criticized that Hong Kong's approach is now more barbaric than mainland China. In the past 20 years, he has not heard of overseas Chinese including democracy. "Hong Kong is not just in line with the mainland, but is blue."
Various means of multinational suppression 
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
In early 2017, China ’s billionaire Xiao Jianhua was taken away and sent to the mainland at the Four Seasons Hotel in Hong Kong. The video showed that he was pushed away in a wheelchair at the time, and his head was covered with a blanket. The picture shows the information of the Four Seasons Hotel.
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcast
A Jing (a pseudonym), a Hong Kong person who has served as a leader in the Hong Kong citizen group, exiled to the UK after the implementation of the National Security Law and continued to engage in policy initiative. He said that he was not surprised by the people in the field of the National Security Law, but he would also worry about personal safety.
"There have been risk assessments, but once again reminded each other, what countries have extradition clauses with China and Hong Kong, and how each country responds after the wanted order."
The eight Hong Kong people who have been wanted by the red are located in the United Kingdom, the United States and Australia. Relevant countries have criticized the Hong Kong Government to quote the external governance of the National Security Law. However, Tang Jiazheng, a member of the Chief Executive Council and a senior barrister, stated on the radio program that the possibility of being transferred to Hong Kong by administrative means by administrative means to be able to pass through the friendly country in Hong Kong may not be ruled out.
Legal scholar Li Enzhen pointed out that in addition to paying attention to the regular fugitive extradition agreement, it is also necessary to prevent the authorities from intimidating overseas people in an informal way. "The behavior of TransnationAlRession is already an international issue. Many reports have revealed that the CCP has overseas police stations, and it is always a famous example that kidnapped overseas people to return home.
The human rights organization "Safeguard Defenders" issued a report last year that at least 102 overseas police stations are operating and distributed in 53 countries around the world, including the United Kingdom and the Netherlands.
The organization report also stated that the means of forcing people to escape to return home, including domestic family members as chips, overseas agents persuade threats and abduction. Among them, the abduction case mainly occurred in the authoritarian countries that have closely related to Beijing in Thailand. In some cases, the wanted target was arrested in the illegal or secret cooperation operation of the law enforcement department of the host country, and then handed over to the Chinese authorities.
In this regard, the Chinese government has always denied and stated that the so -called overseas police station is actually an overseas service station involved in overseas Chinese affairs.
Chen Jialuo, an associate professor at the Department of Political and International Relations at the Hong Kong Baptist University, told BBC in Chinese that the CCP's more common strategy is "people fighting the people" compared to "kidnapping" and launching overseas communities to attack overseas Hong Kong people.
In October last year, the Chinese Consulate General in Manchester beaten Hong Kong people who demonstrated outside the door. In June this year, some Hong Kong people were attacked by Chinese students after participating in the anti -repair motion commemorative rally in Southampton (Xiu Xianton) in Southampton, England.
Emily, who organizes Hong Kong people in the UK, said that in recent months, it was found that there were unknown history and suspected people from mainland China mixed the venue. "In the Hong Kong film screening, he walked around in the field, and his behavior was very abnormal. We asked him to leave. There was also a photo of the participants secretly. When I walked to stop him, he was dressed as South Korea as South Korea. People, but at first glance, they are from mainlanders, and some volunteers have heard him speak Mandarin. "
She said that everyone is in danger now, and she pays attention to security measures, and the local police must be notified beforehand. "The police here attaches great importance to Hatecrime, and will take the initiative to care about our situation and understand whether anyone is here to harass us."
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66107890/P0D7G9M5/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66107890/p0d7g9m5/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
On the occasion of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, a group of people who lived in Britain and Hong Kong went to the Consulate General of the Mandarin in Manchester to protest and were beaten by unknown persons.### "It's more united" "
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Some overseas Hong Kong people said they would overcome their fear. The picture shows a participant in the commemorative assembly in London's "Counterfeit" commemorative assembly in June 2023.
Political scholar Chen Jialuo pointed out that the Beijing and Hong Kong Government's efficiency of psychological warfare is an important way to maintain Guoan and use intimidation to combat the morale of the opposition camp.
Public administrative scholar Zhong Jianhua also said that the Japanese student case was to let the people who would return to Hong Kong to speak, and the eight men wanted to let those who lived overseas and would not return to Hong Kong had to accept it. At the same time Human rights and political lobbying overseas.
A Jing, a policy proprietary in exile, said that the wanted events will make overseas Hong Kong people united, and even strengthen the connection with the eight people who have been wanted. "We do the initiative, there has always been stress, and the question is how to overcome fear. This time, the attitude of the people in the circle is that we must not shrink down because he creates fear. We must face unity and cooperate in the future."
Cao Jiachao, the host of the Internet politics program, also said that under pressure, he will still maintain two live broadcasts a day and criticize Hong Kong and mainland China. "When I left Hong Kong, I hope to have space to speak overseas. There is no reason to keep the Hong Kong National Security Law and self -examination when I come to the UK. On behalf of the Hong Kong people, I can't let them succeed. "
However, the cost of freedom is Yongbie's hometown. Cao admitted that there was still a hint of fantasies in the early days of immigration, thinking that in the future, it can go on both sides of the United Kingdom and Hong Kong, and now it has "completely died." "The liquidation of the Guoan Law will not be completed at once. It has become an implementation system. It has constant bureaucratic bureaucrats and budgets. It is necessary to continue to pay (hand in performance), which means that the national security nightmare will be endless."
Qi Ting, a reporter who still travels to Hong Kong and Taiwan, said that the risks they face are getting higher and higher. If they cannot bear one day, they will resign, but they will continue to "step on the steel line" to report the truth before that day. "Being a reporter is so annoying, you know that there is a risk, but you still feel a sense of mission. I want to record history with my ability and continue writing."
Video-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66107890/P0Fyshx3/ZH-Hans Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
BBC documentary: Is the Chinese government monitoring you?
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66107890 
Guide to respond to nuclear accidents in the Chinese Embassy in Ukraine 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T12:54:00Z
Description: Ukraine Zaparo Nuclear Power Station is still facing serious security threats. Both Ukraine and Russia have accused the other party of plans to attack nuclear power plants in the short term. On Wednesday, the Chinese Embassy in Ukraine forwarded the Ukrainian Ministry of Health on its official webpage to issue a nuclear accident response guide, and reminded Chinese citizens to "do not come to black."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '德中关系', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '扎波罗热', '核电站', '袭击', '中国', '核事故']
Id: 66123550
The Zapolo Nuclear Power Station is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe with a installed capacity of 6,000 MW. It has been under Russia's control since March 2022. Since September last year, all six reactors have been closed.
(Voice of Germany) Moscow and Kiev, both accused the other party of intending to attack the largest nuclear power plant in Europe, the largest nuclear power plant in southern Ukraine in the short term. Ukrainian President Zelei said in a daily video speech published on Tuesday (July 4): "We have the information through the intelligence department. Material similar to explosives. "
Zellezki said that Russia may simulate attacks on nuclear power plants, and Ukraine may be charged as behind -the -scenes manipulator. He asked the international community to increase pressure to Russia to prevent all of this.
The Moscow blamed that the Ukrainian military was planning to attack the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station.
Ukraine believes that Russia deliberately bombed important buildings to supply cooling water to Zapolo Nuclear Power Station. Many international experts also believe that this is very likely, but Moscow has firmly denied it and accused it of being Kiev.
Ukrainian presidential adviser MyChajlo Podoljak criticized Rafaelgrossi, "Rafaelgrossi) in an interview with Ukraine TV on Tuesday evening:" That person (Groas) is completely completely full of core risks of handling core risks. "He said that if the international atomic agency put pressure on Rosatom, a state -owned company in Russian atomic energy, it can force the Russian army to withdraw and remove the mines at the Zapolo nuclear power plant.
Last week, Gronci said that so far, International Atomic Energy Institution Expert It has not been found that the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station has obvious signs of landmines or other explosives, but experts still need additional channels at the scene for further inspections.
Podoliak called Gronci as "that person" and criticized him as a "clown show".
The Zapolo Nuclear Power Station is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe with a installed capacity of 6,000 MW. Since the beginning of March 2022, under Russia's control Essence Since September last year, all six reactors have been closed.
Gracence, Director -General of the International Atomic Energy Agency, inspected the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station in June this year.
President of Ukraine: China's position is "very important" 
Andriy Yermak, the staff member of Zeleki, said on Wednesday that China's position is "very important" in the face of Russia's potential nuclear threats.
Yermark posted a screenshot of an article published by the Financial Times on social communication software Telegram. The article reported that Chinese President Xi Jinping warned Russian President Putin not to take nuclear strikes in Ukraine.
Yeermark wrote: "(This is) (China) an important position for the nuclear threat to the crazy Russian terrorists from crazy Russian terrorists."
The Embassy in China Reminder reminds Chinese citizens to "don't come to Wu" 
On Wednesday, the Chinese Embassy in Ukraine reposted the "Guidelines for the Copper Corporation of the Ukrainian Ministry of Health" on its official webpage. The "Copper Guide" reminds that if a nuclear accident occurs in the area, the residents of the potential radiation accident area must be prepared for the possible evacuation; if the authorities formally announce the emergency of nuclear radiation, please stay indoors or enter the room as soon as possible; please continue to pay attention to the authorities. Further announce and follow the instructions of the authorities. The "Guide" also recommends that the items carried when they evacuate include: documents and their copies (identity documents, medical documents, real estate, and real estate ownership documents, contacts in emergencies), masks or respirators, first aid boxes and one week's week Drugs (if you have chronic diseases), wet paper towels, replaceable clothes and shoes, minimum water and food.
The "Guide" also mentioned: "Use plastic wrap with plastic wrap tightly to wrap your luggage tightly in order to speed up the purification process at the health station. If you are in a nuclear accident area, you can leave the building after you get the relevant instructions of the authorities. The local authorities will be. The position of the evacuation point, and the safest travel route when self -driving vehicles are evacuated. "
The Chinese Embassy in Ukraine also emphasized after reposting the "Guide to the Copper Correspondent of the Nuclear Incident", "the embassy solemnly reminds that Ukraine is still in a state of war. Please ask our citizens not to come to Ukraine. The security reminder issued by the authorities, in advance according to the relevant prompts, make a good emergency shelter plan. Do not be lucky and keep in mind the safety first. "
On the same day, the Chinese Embassy also issued a "Notice on Requirement of Citizens in Ukraine immediately." The notice said, "At present, the situation of Ukraine is very complicated and is still at high risks. Now all Chinese citizens in Ukraine are required to register a new round of filing. Finish."
(Germany, Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国驻乌克兰大使馆转发核事故应对指南/a-66123550?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
India relations upgrade Taiwan to set up a Mumbai office 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T13:16:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T07:55:22-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Taiwan announced on the 5th that the "Economic and Cultural Office of Taipei in Mumbai" will be established in Mumbai, India's largest city. Taiwan ’s official website of Taiwan’ s Taipei Economic and Cultural Center ’s official website of Taiwan announced on the 5th that it will set up the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Mumbai, India’ s largest city. This will be the third stronghold set up in India after New Delhi and Chiang Nai. The Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that since the establishment of a office in Qingnai in 2012, nearly 60 % of Taiwanese businessmen have traveled to South India to invest in factories. It is expected that after the establishment of a office in Mumbai, it will play a similar role in western India. The Taiwan Central News Agency quoted Xia Hainna, a researcher at the Indian Think Tank China Analysis and Strategy Center, saying that Mumbai is India's economic center, with good infrastructure and is very suitable for Taiwanese businessmen to invest. As for whether Taiwan's establishment of a office in Mumbai will make China -India relations further nervous, Xia Haina said that India has always done things that are beneficial to himself and allow Taiwan to set up in Mumbai to India, and there is no need to consider the feelings of other countries. India expressed its action. At present, there are 190 Taiwanese businessmen in India, mostly concentrated in Deli, Kiyoshi and Bangalol. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-07052023123356.html 
Singer Li Yan committed suicide, let us talk about depression 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T14:00:00Z
Description: Chinese singer Li Yan died of committing depression. Depression is a serious disease, and at the same time, people are also taboo. The United Nations Health Organization has called for strengthening their understanding of this disease.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 新闻广角
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['欧盟', '欧洲']
Id: 38343598
(Voice of Germany Chinese) According to Li Silin, Li Silin, Li Silin sent by Sina Weibo on July 5, Chinese musician female singer Li Yan (art name: COCO) unfortunately suffered from depression a few years ago. The struggle, recently, has changed sharply, giving birth at home on July 2. Li Silin said that Li Yan has been coma since he was sent to the hospital. After the hospital team, he tried to rescue and treat. On July 5th, "returning to the soul is lack of skills, and he resigned with the world."
According to a survey by the World Health Organization, 322 million people around the world are plagued by depression, accounting for 4.4%of the world's total population. "Depression-Let's talk about" a teacher and a student, two women, and colleagues, doctors, and patients, talk together. The posters of the World Health Organization are posted in Europe, Asia, Africa, and even Japan. Dr. Ulrichhegerl, a psychologist at the University of Leipzig's Medical College, said: "Depression exists in all countries, and the situation is very similar."
A high incidence of disease 

dw.com 
German college student's mental health is getting worse 
What is the health of German college students? A new recent survey of a large medical insurance company shows that a considerable proportion of college students believe that the pressure of learning is too high, and there are not a few people with psychological problems.(27.07.2015)
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国大学生心理健康每况愈下/a-18609144)
Study: One -tenth pilot has a tendency to depression 
Harvard researchers through an anonymous questionnaire found that about one of about every 10 pilots showed signs of depression. Why is pilot so vulnerable to depression?(17.12.2016)
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/研究十分之一飞行员有抑郁症倾向/a-36790629)
Another kind of mental pain: Men's depression 
In Germany, about one -third of the depression patients are men. However, many men's depression symptoms are different from women, so it is often difficult to detect.(19.04.2015)
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/另一种精神痛楚男人们的抑郁症/a-18389832)
Do you know if you have a tendency to suicide 
Depression can make their patients commit suicide. Anti -depression drugs help improve the patient's emotions, but in a few cases, taking antidepressants will promote suicide. The countermeasure is: blood test.(02.02.2014)
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/有无自杀倾向-验血就知道/a-17389114)
The number of German soldiers has the number of depression disorders reached its peak 
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国士兵有抑郁障碍的人数达到高峰/a-6218282)Many people think that depression is mainly related to problems encountered in life, or because of sadness and disappointment. For many years, the World Health Organization has been trying to correct this prejudice. Thomasmüller-RöRich, the German depression alliance, believes that this is not enough. There is no attention to the health care system and society. "He said that he was tortured by depression and received psychological and antidepressant drug treatment.
The fear of anti -depression drugs 
Especially in Germany, many people are afraid of taking antidepressant drugs, and Hergel said: "Many people are worried that they will depend on anti -depression drugs." He said that if he did not take antidepressants in time, his depression would be very good In severe, just like insulin and severe diabetes, antidepressants are very important for controlling depression.
Whether it is a work unit, family, or relatives and friends, it lacks sufficient attention to depression, and people rarely talk about this topic. It is precisely that many relatives often ignore the care of patients to help them overcome difficulties. Sometimes doctors feel overwhelmed, because depression is often physical discomfort. In the end, many patients regard depression as a shame, and find a way to cover up their condition, instead of treatment.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Happy therapist 
Where is the doctor, the dog can help. These docile four -legged friends can bring people joy and win people's trust. For example, dogs and their owners help treatment in the elderly in the elderly. This weekend, a research theory held in Hanover, Germany will focus on the benefits of animal auxiliary treatment.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Pet is a healthy investment 
Although there may be no strong evidence that animal auxiliary treatment can be cured for a long time, one thing that can be determined is that animals are good for health. Many studies have shown that pets have a positive impact on the cardiovascular system of the owner. They help the owner relieve stress.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Surrounded by friends 
The psychiatrist explained the role of animals on patients that pets are different from humans, and they will not make evaluations and do not make suggestions. But doctors believe that animals can help children improve their self -confidence and express themselves. In Russia in the figure, dog -assisted treatment is usually used on disabled children.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Riding a horse! 
Treatment -type horses are similar to general horse riding, but they will make appropriate adjustments to people with special needs, such as people with physical disability. Horse can help people move their waist and hips, soothing tight muscles.
*#
Animal Therapist 
alpaca therapist 
Animal Therapist 
Hey? 
Polish Jishufu University of Technology(Rzeszów University of Technology)38 alpacas were introduced from Chile to help treat children. Obviously, there is no need to prove effective research here: because just looking at these animals, you will feel happy.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Release depression 
Patients at the Hannover Psychiatric Hospital will go to the Serenteti Park in the Pennin Grassland of Luluburg to feed animals such as giraffes. Researchers at the Hanno Medical College said such visits can help release the patient's depression.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Find evidence 
In Sereneti Park, patients can also feed and stroke the Madagasca fox monkey. Researchers at Hannover Medical College will observe their behavior for five years. They want to clarify whether these cute ray animals can really help mental illness to recover from lasting.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Control 
Touring with dolphins also belongs to the treatment activity assisted by animals. Although this method is favored by children, it is often criticized. Psychotherapists pointed out that this method has no effect on patients and even dangerous. Animal protectors warned that dolphins from many countries came from Japan and were captured in bloody slaughter. Many dolphins are traumatized.
*#
Animal Therapist 
Not all animals are suitable as a therapist 
For humans, traveling with Campus may be an extraordinary experience. However, according to animal protection sources, this method is prohibited from being included in the treatment activities assisted by animals. They said that these animals from the Arctic were unable to withstand the temperature in the treatment pool and could die in advance.
*#
Animal Therapist 
The most common animal is usually the best therapist 
Cats and dogs are everywhere. Most of them live with humans. Since there are these cute animals around, why are you looking for dolphins and whales?
Author: brigitte osteite
Typical symptoms 
Whether a person suffers from depression will have a large number of signs, and at least two weeks will continue. It's not just a depressed mood. It is difficult for those who suffer from depression. They are exhausted for a long time and cannot sleep normally. Hagel explained: "Although these people are exhausted, they cannot fall asleep. They often have no appetite, weight loss, fall into despair, and have some dark ideas. The symptoms of depression and other emotional troubles When it is obviously different, these people's hearts are like turning into stones, often no longer crying, and feel nervous, just like facing the exam.
The gap between the rich and the poor 
In Germany and Europe, more and more patients can participate in rehabilitation treatment through digitization, while in poor countries, it is another situation. There are also many war refugees, persecuted crowds, and people who suffer severe psychological trauma. They will be attacked by depression, and depression will also affect the next generation. "If there is a history of depression in close relatives, the risk of the disease is two to three times higher than that of ordinary people." Millerh of the German Depression Alliance pointed out that without mental health, there is no physical health without physical health without physical health without physical health. He said: "We believe that the focus of the World Health Day is not suitable for psychological diseases."
_ Voice of Germany is reporting _ " _ _ " __ Topic with a high degree of cautious attitude. There are signs that specific reporting forms may cause imitation effects. If you have a light thought or in a state of psychological crisis, don't hesitate to seek help immediately. For details, please refer to the website(https://www.befrienders.org/chinese) 。_
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/歌手李玟自杀-让我们来聊聊抑郁症/a-38343598?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
German media: Who is more injured in the export of Chinese control? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-05T14:27:00Z
Description: The news of China's regulation of 口 口 has attracted widespread attention from German media. This move is considered a revenge on Washington. The Berlin Daily believes that the West can use this opportunity to further reduce its dependence on Chinese raw materials. "New Zurich" pointed out that it may be difficult to find a supplier of Chinese in the short term.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '德国制造', '薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '专题报道：习近平访美', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”']
Keywords: ['经济', '中国', '美国', '中美', '出口', '管制', '制裁', '俄罗斯', '耶伦', '习近平', '拜登', '关税']
Id: 66126364
China ’s controlling measures are considered a revenge on Washington, and the United States has implemented a chip export ban.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) "The next round of the US -China trade dispute has begun. [Beijing announced on Monday night to implement export restrictions on rare metal 镓 and 锗(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中國管制鎵鍺出口-各國如何嚴防供應鏈中斷/a-66118831)Essence "Berlinerzeitung" started this evaluation at the beginning of an article on Tuesday (July 4). This move is considered a revenge on Washington, and the United States has implemented a chip export ban.
The Ministry of Commerce of China announced export control on the related objects required by the manufacture of high -performance chips. The purpose is to protect national security. Controls have been implemented on August 1. The article pointed out that these two metal minerals are widely used in semiconductor materials, electric vehicles and other fields, and can also be used for military purposes. The author Simonzeise wrote: "At present, many electronic devices, such as mobile phones, are produced in China: Does the Chinese want to further expand their dominant position here?" The article believes that the West can use this opportunity to further reduce raw materials for Chinese raw materials Dependence: "If the Beijing side uses these new regulations to limit the supply of other countries, the price may rise, then mining rare metals elsewhere will be more economical. For example, China's previous restrictions on rare earth exports have been cut off. The country's market share. "
Many countries, including Germany, are trying to diversify their raw materials to reduce dependence on China. The German Industry Federation (BDI) pointed out that Beijing's export control measures highlight the urgency of "rapid reduction" in Europe and Germany to rely on key raw materials. Therefore, it is necessary to develop internal mining in Europe. The article pointed out that the export regulations of the latest rare metals introduced in Beijing are not the first time that China has implemented an export ban: "China has implemented export restrictions on rare earth in the 1990s. This has put pressure on Japanese companies that highly rely on China. The situation changed in 2010. As a response to a collision incident near the islands near the Chinese fishing vessels and the Japanese Coast Guard in both sides, China suspended the export of rare earths in Japan. Supply competitions. Subsequently, the increase in Australia and the United States has increased, which led to China's share in global mineral production from 98%in 2010 to 70%in 2022. "
The title is "The warning of the German economy: why China restricts the exit of rare metals?" About 94 %. Nevertheless, these metals are not particularly rare or difficult to obtain. But so far, the Chinese government has made production costs cheaper than other countries through subsidy policies. "
Interview: The United States is time to indicate the willingness to dialogue 
An article published by Switzerland's "New Zurich" pointed out on Tuesday that China has been threatening for many years that it can use certain materials as chips. Now, this moment may have arrived. The title is "Don't say we don't warn you!": China uses rare earth export control to counterattack chip sanctions («Sagensie Nicht, WIR Hätten Sie Nicht Gewarnt!»: China Kontert Chip-Sankionen Mitexportkontrolen Für SelteneerDen ) The article wrote: "China The largest customers of these two materials include three countries that impose chip sanctions on Beijing, the United States, the Netherlands and Japan. Germany and France are also important customers. "
The reporter in China Matthias Sander wrote: " USA implemented export control to chips using cymbal oxides in 2022 Essence This material makes the chip tolerance high, so it is suitable for military applications. "
The article believes that Russia and Ukraine may be able to replace Chinese suppliers. It may be difficult to replace suppliers in the short term, especially for factors such as the Russian and Ukraine War. "
The content of the excerpt from other media does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：中国管制镓锗出口-到底谁更受伤？/a-66126364?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Draw the hottest temperature map around the world 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T14:30:23
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T14:30:23
Description: According to data from the National Environment Forecast Center, Monday, July 3, is the hottest day since the world records.
Images: [" 1-1688565406.png ", " 1-1688565484.png ", " 1-1688565529.png ", " 1-1688565564.png ", " 1-1688565602.png "]
Topics: ['新闻', '更多']
Keywords: ['新闻', '更多', '世界']
Type: Article
 (Peninsula TV)
According to data from the National Environment Forecast Center, Monday, July 3, is the hottest day since the world records.
With the warming in the northern hemisphere in summer, the global average temperature reached 17.01 degrees Celsius (62.62 Hualhi), exceeding the 16.92C set in August 2016(62.46 Hua Shi)Record.
The authorities report that the number of deaths related to high temperature has increased. The temperature in many places this summer exceeds 40 degrees Celsius.(104 Huali)。
 On June 19, 2023, an elderly man with heat stroke was carried to the government regional hospital in Bangbalia, India, India, and more than 100 people had died in Northern State. High -temperature disease death (Associated Press)
The highest temperature since the record 
At present, the maximum temperature recorded by the official record is 56.7 degrees Celsius (134), which is recorded in California Death Valley in 1913; the hottest temperature known in Africa is 55 degrees Celsius (131 Hua Shi). Maintaining the hottest record in Asia, the official temperature recorded in 2017 was 54 degrees Celsius (129 Hualhi).
According to the Meteorological Bureau, on August 11, 2021, the highest temperature since the record of Europe has appeared in Sicily, Italy, reaching 48.8 degrees Celsius (119.8 Hua Shi). On July 19, 2022 40.2 degrees Celsius (104.4 Huali).
In 2020, the highest temperature of Simo Island in Antarctica was 20.7 degrees Celsius (69.3 Hua Shi). According to the United Nations World Meteorological Organization(WMO)Data, over the past 50 years, the temperature of the Antarctic Peninsula has risen nearly 3 degrees Celsius (5.4 Wah).
The following figure shows the hottest temperature since the world's records. At least 22 countries have recorded the highest temperature of 50 degrees Celsius (122) or above.
 The maximum temperature of the weather has recorded at least 22 countries that record the highest temperature of 50 degrees Celsius (122) or above. The following figure shows the highest temperature since each country records (Peninsula TV).
How to measure temperature 
The temperature you see on the weather application on news or mobile phones depends on the meteorological station network located around the world.
In order to ensure accurate reading, the meteorological station uses professional platinum resistance thermometers and placed in the shadow instrument called Stevenson's screen at a high of 1.25-2 meters (4-6 feet) from the ground.
There are two well -known temperature standards for measuring temperature: Celsius and Hua Shi.
Only a few countries including the United States use Hua's as the official temperature standard, and most countries/regions in the world use the temperature label of Celsius, named after the Swedish astronomer Anders, the Celsius in 1742 -100 -degree freezing point and boiling point temperature.
 How to measure the temperature measuring the temperature and measuring the professional thermometer instrument (Peninsula TV) placed in a cool place 1.25-2 meters (4-6 feet) from the ground (4-6 feet).
The world becomes hotter and hotter 
In 2020, the global average surface temperature was tied in 2016, becoming the hottest year since the record. According to NASA, in general, the past eight years have been the hottest year since the preservation of modern records in the 1980s.
This annual temperature data constitutes a global temperature record, which tells scientists that the earth is warming.
According to NASA's temperature records, the average surface temperature of the earth in 2022 is tied with 2015, which is the fifth high temperature since the record.
 The weather world becomes more and more hot in 2020, the global average surface temperature is tied in 2016, becoming the hottest year since the record. According to NASA, the past eight years have been the hottest year since the preservation of modern records in the 19880s. (Peninsula TV)
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/more/2023/7/5/%e7%bb%98%e5%88%b6%e4%b8%96%e7%95%8c%e5%90%84%e5%9c%b0%e6%9c%80%e7%83%ad%e6%b0%94%e6%b8%a9%e5%9c%b0%e5%9b%be 
"The Scottish National Party is in a crisis": Hamza You Sufu took office for one hundred days 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T15:41:34
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T15:41:34
Description: He came to power as a pioneer, but the chief minister of Scotland Hamza You Sufu has always lacked political and goodwill.
Images: [" 1-1688571084.png ", " 1-1688571126.png ", " 1-1688571179.png ", " 1-1688571236.png "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '苏格兰']
Type: Article
 The Chief Minister of Scottish and the leader of the Scottish National Party, Humzza You Sugu, faces a number of challenges (Agence France -Presse)
He came to power as a pioneer, but the chief minister of Scotland Hamza You Sufu has always lacked political and goodwill.
You Sufu served as the Scottish National Party this week 100 days ago(SNP)Leader became the first Muslim leader in Western democratic countries. After the leader Nigula Stock took power in his hands, You Sufu found that he was in a difficult situation. Nine years later, he resigned.
Stekin was the first female chief minister of Scotland and the first female leader of the Scottish National Party. He came to power at the end of 2014, but earlier this year, she ended her term in a huge personal crisis and political turbulence. The political parties who have become a powerful election winning machine have brought confusion.
Professor James Mitchell, a professor at the School of Social and Political Sciences at the University of Edinburgh, told Peninsula TV that "the Scottish National Party is in crisis, even if some people have denied this ..."
"Inherited by the political party inherited by Alex Salmond (her predecessor) Alex Salmond, Hamza Umza Umza Umza Urumza Umza Umza Umza Umza Umza inherited a very different party."
 The Chief Minister of Scotland Hamza You Sufu attended the Chief Minister of the Scottish Parliament in Holly Luther, Edinburgh, Scotland, asked questions (Reuters)
Since 2007, the Scottish National Party, which has supported Scottish independence, has always been the leading political force of Scotland. At that time, the left -wing parties won in the Scottish Parliament elections under the leadership of Salmmond.
In September 2014, a historic constitutional referendum was held, and Scottish voters refused to independence from Britain with a ratio of 55% to 45%.
However, the strong and blunt nationalist emotions of Scotland have continued to exist. Today, the Edinburgh government led by the National Party of Scotland and the unified conservative party government of Westminster, London are still in disputes.
As the chief minister, Stekin -although she won many times in the Scottish Parliament and Westminster's election -the recent image has fallen into trouble, because of her huge differences with her former and mentor Salmond Feeling heavy, before that, Salmond was accused of (later being released), sexual reform debate, and the problem of the gender reform debate of the new crown epidemic, and the problem of the internal financial authenticity of the Social Party. The theme of police investigation.
Just last month, during his tenure as the Prime Minister, Sterkin also discovered that she tried to hold the second referendum on Scotland's independent referendum. He was arrested, but was later released.
Stekin's husband, former CEO of the National Party of Scotland, Peter Murrell (Peter Murrell)He was arrested in April. At that time, he was also released innocently and waited for further investigation.
In the context of such a changeable, under the decline in the support rate of the Scottish National Party's polls, You Sifu has always tried to support the severely damaged political parties by increasing its reasons -Scottish independence.
 Former Chief Minister Nicholas Stekin and Hamza You Sufu (Reuters) (Reuters)
When the 38 -year -old chief minister delivered a speech at the Scottish National Party Conference at the end of last month, he was tested for Stekin's loyalty because he rejected the opposition party after the Sterkin was arrested after the arrest of Stock The appeal of member qualifications explains his strategy to participate in the next British election. He said that "the Scottish National Party will definitely fight for the next election with independence as the line and our campaign center."
"I think the significance of the Hamza's speech is to change the nature of the Scottish National Party in the next election, rather than changing the result."
"In the past, independence was not the core content of the Scottish National Party Declaration, which made them vulnerable to accusations. They believed that winning a majority seat (as they often did) did not mean that voters supported independence -they could just like Nigu La Stekin, they may not like Westminster and so on. "
She told the Peninsula TV stations, "If Humzza insists on the end, the Scottish National Party will invest in funds for the first time in the election for many years."
 King Charlie III met the chief minister Hamza You Sufu (Reuters) at the Palace
However, although the Scottish National Party occupies most of Scotland's seats (and is the ruling party of Edinburgh) in Westminster, public opinion surveys show that the rise of the British Labor Party may allow the UEFA Politae in the next British election (not late 2025 than 2025 (2025 2025 It was held in January) and paid a heavy price.
In fact, the British Labor Party is most promising to end the rule of the conservative party government led by Prime Minister Rich Sunak -the current signs show that Scotland voters are not interested in the internal dilemma of the Scottish National Party, and will oppose the Nationalist Movement and support the Labor Party This prospect is wonderful for many of the strong unified voters in Scotland.
David Midelton, a retired oil worker from Edinburgh, told Peninsula TV that "I think the Scottish National Party has completely changed Scotland in an extremely bad way."
"They are just a strong nationalist cult ... Each (Scottish National Party and Politician) has a simple qualification, that is, an overwhelming desire for independence. This mentality will make every failure in Scotland —— And there are many -blame Westminster. "
Regarding the next election in order to independent career, Midelton added: "The election is a large number of issues that are focused on the strong attention of each constituency.
However, although the Scottish National Party is facing various dilemma, its support for independence itself is still relatively high -in recent months, this ratio has changed between 45% and 53%.
You Sufu hopes to show a tough attitude in independent arguments. In this way, the strong supporters of the founding of Scotland will have enough motivation to vote for a large number of British elections to support the Scottish National Party.
If the first hundred days of You Sufu ruling are full of bumps, then the preparation of Westminster's elections will test his term of office.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/5/%e8%8b%8f%e6%a0%bc%e5%85%b0%e6%b0%91%e6%97%8f%e5%85%9a%e9%99%b7%e5%85%a5%e5%8d%b1%e6%9c%ba%e8%83%a1%e5%a7%86%e6%89%8e%c2%b7%e4%bc%98%e7%b4%a0%e7%a6%8f%e4%b8%8a%e4%bb%bb%e4%b8%80%e7%99%be%e5%a4%a9 
Column | China Perspective: Don't forget to Hong Kong 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T15:51:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T19:11:16-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In April 2022, the "National Security Education Day" of the year in Hong Kong, Victoria Harbor was posted on a patriotic publicity billboard. Agence France-Presse data chart Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zhongguotoushi/panel-07052023143943.html/@stream Moderator: Chen Kuide 
Talkman: Mr. Cheng Xiang , former senior media person in Hong Kong, Independent scholar 
1. Background 
What we want to review and discuss today is that in Hong Kong, the implementation of the National Security Law of the Hong Kong District three years in Hong Kong. She used to be one of the free ports and financial centers in the world, and was a great city of freedom, rule of law, civilization, and prosperity, especially in 1949, 1962 and 1978. How does it fall in the "National Security Law" for three years.
Three years ago, on June 30, 2020, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress in Beijing passed the "Hong Kong National Security Law" in the applause and announced that the law was implemented in Hong Kong today.
From that day, Hong Kong, the Oriental Pearl in this world, Liberty Port, the third largest financial center in the world, quickly dimmed and entered the darkest period of its port for nearly 180 years.
Since then, the "one country, two systems" has disappeared, "Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong" has become a empty story, "highly autonomous" has become "Beijing control", and the "Basic Law" has become a piece of empty text.
2. Hong Kong was a fortress that promoted the progress of civilization in mainland China **
Three, "National Security Law" destroys and even destroys the rule of law and judicial independence of Hong Kong 
rule of law and judicial independence: apprenticeship has its name 
The full text of the "National Security Law of the Port District" is publicly public after the implementation of the bill. This black box operation habit of the Communist Party of China cannot get rid of the secret underground party even after 70 years of power. The law covers extremely wide and severe punishment. The content includes crimes such as splitting the state, subverting the state power, organizing the implementation of terrorist activities and colluding with foreign forces.
Under the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District", Hong Kong's judicial independence is damaged. The Hong Kong authorities have designated a number of judges according to the National Security Law, including judge Chen Guangchi, referee Su Huide, and judge Lin Wenhan. It is "virtual name". Analysis of Meimei and Taiwan scholars pointed out that there is no possibility of sanctioning judges. (On the first day of the "Hong Kong National Security Law", a 23 -year -old young man drove an iron cyclone with the banner of "Restoration of the Revolution of Hong Kong Times" and was accused of hurting three police officers as the first defendant of the National Security Law. , This case will not have a jury to break the jury system since the use of Hong Kong for 176 years. The incident allows the outside world to pay attention to it again. Under the "Hong Kong National Security Law", the judicial procedures and systems that Hong Kong consistently followed up have suffered a huge impact, and even even It becomes exactly the same as China.) The United States "US -China Economic and Security Review Committee" (USCC) reflects the "distrust of Hong Kong's rule of law" in its annual report, which will attract attention from foreign companies and seriously weaken Hong Kong's business position.
Recently, the Hong Kong Government has even reduced the election seats in the district council and revised the "Legal practitioners' regulations". Overseas lawyers who require the qualifications of local comprehensive practice must apply in advance and get the chief approval before they are qualified to participate in national security related cases, and the chief executives, and the chief executives The right to change the decision at any time.
The Hong Kong National Security Law was implemented for 3 years, and an anonymous research team formed by Hong Kong actors released recently: "After the National Security Law: Research Report on the Research on the Illegal Law Review of Law/illegal Law". The report proposes a clear analysis framework to explain how the review mechanism works.
The first key discovery of the report is that in the era of the post -National Security Law, the review mechanism in the post -National Security Law produced a role in three ways, namely "legal methods from the government", "illegal law from the government", and "from the non -governmental government's from the non -governmental government" Illegal method ".
"Legal and methods from the government" means that the Hong Kong government has achieved the purpose of review through legal means. In addition to the implementation of the national security law with great power, the authoritarian laws during the colonial periods such as "incitement", "public security regulations", and at the same time Further to maintain the national security reasons to promote the practice of all aspects. "
Properative persecution is getting intense 
From June 30, 2020 to July 3, 2023, according to Li Guihua, from June 30, 2020 to July 3, 2023, a total of 260 people were arrested at the age of 15 to 90. 161 and 5 companies have been prosecuted, of which 79 have been convicted or waited for sentence. These cases that endanger the Guoan Law should be tried by a judge designated by the Chief Executive. In special circumstances such as national security facing major reality threats, the central government's maintenance of the National Security Agency in Hong Kong has the right to intervene in the investigation, and the case may be submitted to the mainland court for trial.
_ Hong Kong has now lost completely
On July 3, 2023, the terrorist black hands of the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District" reached overseas. The Hong Kong Police National Security Department wanted eight people. And Luo Guancong, and the reward of HK $ 1 million in rewards provided by relevant persons or cases.
The "four crimes" listed in the "National Security Law", the extensive range of its scope, is dazzling:
The "National Security Law" lists out -of -the -territory jurisdiction . Even if anyone is not a permanent resident in Hong Kong, it may be pursued by suspected violation of the National Security Law outside Hong Kong. (On July 3rd, the Hong Kong police accused eight overseas activists committing serious harm to national security, including colluding with foreign countries and inciting split countries, and providing information providing information for their arrested.)
Earlier, the non -governmental initiative of the UK's "Hong Kong Supervision" was warned by the Police State Administration and the Security Bureau to warn suspected of collusion with foreign forces.
In addition to law enforcement of illegal acts, the International Amnesty Organization pointed out that the National Security Law has given the Chinese government and the extensive power of the Hong Kong Government to monitor Hong Kong schools, citizen organizations, media and the Internet.
Last year, one year after the implementation of the National Security Law, the organization issued a statement saying that "the" National Security Law "has accelerated Hong Kong on the road to become a police city within one year, causing local residents to fall into the human rights crisis."
Fourth, "National Security Law" destroy Hong Kong's speech publishing and community assembly freedom 
Where is Liberty Port? _ _ 吧 __Teng Hong Kong has been published from the past of the past news books and published to hell that is free of freedom_
Li Zhiying founded the 26 -year -old "Apple Daily". Within one year in the implementation of the "National Security Law of the Port Area", he was searched for a large -scale search and newspaper by the police of the Police National Security Department and arrested several editors. The $ 2.32 million funds are difficult to continue to maintain the operation of websites and newspapers, becoming the first media under the National Security Law to be closed.
On the eve of the implementation of the National Security Law on June 30, 2020, many local and independent political parties and organizations have announced their dissolution, including Hong Kong's Zhi Zhi, Student Motivation and New Deal of Youth. Including the former Hong Kong Zhongzhi Party Chairman Luo Guancong, Liang Songheng, the former Youth New Deal convened, and so on.
_ 寒 寒 寒 吧 _
After the implementation of the "National Security Law of the Hong Kong District" passed by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress of China, more than 50 Hong Kong civic social organizations were forced to dissolve or stop operation under the pressure of the National Security Law. The branch association, which has been held for more than 30 years, hosted a private human rights line with a 7-1 parade for nearly 20 years, and the Apple Daily, which has long-term anti-government opinions. Some scholars analyzed that after the departure of the Central Movement, Beijing used the National Security Law to conduct a thorough and systematic political cleaning in an attempt to make Hong Kong a dignified society.
In the past, in Hong Kong, organizations can be established to communicate and contact the same nature as foreign countries, or other political organizations or non -political organizations. After the National Security Law, the original legal behavior turned into a 'crime'. The government can accuse you at any time. Naturally, it is difficult for these organizations to continue to operate under the National Security Law. Some of them will even be turned over by the authorities. Under such intimidation, these organizations will only dissolve or stop operation. ‘The crime of adding to add, how do you have nothing to do?“ It ’s not just for these other media, or individual journalists, or their ambitions or claims, all of them are a chilling effect.
The stability and prospects of work in Hong Kong are threatened; it is not just economic problems, not just market problems, but a strong political pressure.
The National Security Law is a generalized prosecution, which is completely different from the freedom of civic society and culture established in Hong Kong society in order to suppress speech and the freedom of civic society rally. It has caused the disintegration of civil society.
This is what a word is gradually caused.
Social consequences 
_ Immigration wave_
Why do so many Hong Kong people immigrate, so many Hong Kong people are afraid? It is the current social environment and political environment that causes that social atmosphere to be very depressed, and it makes people feel more and more lost to Hong Kong society. The sense of fear and insecurity of this kind of life has made it difficult for this government to effectively govern and lead the society. Some important public opinion surveys have clearly reflected this social atmosphere. It has become a natural choice. The tide of immigration is a direct consequence of the National Security Law.
Beijing is not only targeted at the local civic social organizations in Hong Kong. Some international organizations may also be targeted, including the Foreign Press Conference FCC. After the implementation of the National Security Law, a work visa of a foreign journalist will not be renewed. It is also announced to withdraw from Hong Kong. The National Security Law will inevitably affect Hong Kong's international status.
5. Inside and outside Hong Kong, the struggle in the past three years 
_ _ _ 吧 _
Dozens of rights groups around the world issued an open letter to the United States President Biden on July 1 this year. The US government is considering giving the US Governor of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Li Jiachao, and allowing him to attend the Asia -Pacific economy held in San Francisco in November Cooperative organization(APEC)The report of the meeting expressed serious concerns.
Hong Kong Observation, Human Rights Observation, and Chinese Human Rights Defenders, including 53 rights organizations around the world, jointly issued an open letter to the US President Biden. Li Jiachao will not be allowed to attend the APEC summit. "
The open letter pointed out: In the past four years, Li Jiachao has been the main planner who has severely suppressed politics and the freedom of politics and citizens, and destroying Hong Kong's autonomy. During the Hong Kong Democratic Movement in 2019, Li Jiachao served as the director of the Hong Kong Security Bureau. He overemphasized the large -scale protests through force through the police and arrested more than 10,000 citizens. In 2020, the United States thus imposed sanctions on Li Jiachao.
The open letter also pointed out that since Li Jiachao was appointed as the Chief Executive in May 2022, he led a substantial restriction on remarks, associations and assembly freedom of Hong Kong, and had a ruthless attack on the rule of law, and the effective abolition of political participation. More than 1,500 Famous political prisoners suffering in Hong Kong prison . This number continues to rise, and the Hong Kong government's systematic strike continues. In this context, exemptional sanctions allow Li Jiachao to enter the United States to send a completely wrong signal, that is, infringement of human rights behavior will not have lasting consequences.
The open letter calls on the Bayeng government to reiterate its commitment to human rights and democratic values at this critical moment. "We expect you to do the right thing."
Indee called Beijing to abolish the National Security Law 
The British Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a Hong Kong report every 6 months to Congress in late May this year, calling on Beijing and the Hong Kong Government to implement the suggestion of the UN Human Rights Council in July to abolish the National Security Law.
After Hong Kong sovereignty was transferred to China on July 1, 1997, the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a report to Congress every 6 months to explain the implementation of the "Sino -British Statement" in Hong Kong.
The report released today covers from July 1st to December 31st, 2022. Foreign Minister JamesCleverly mentioned that China continues to abide by the "Sino -British Joint Statement", and Britain will continue to firmly require China to comply with the statement and other China's voluntary international obligations.
Hong Hong Kong people's soft confrontation 
July 1 this year is the 26th anniversary of Hong Kong's sovereignty transfer. The Chief Executive Li Jiachao said at the 26th anniversary of the establishment of the SAR: It is necessary to be alert to Hong Kong's "soft confrontation".
As we all know, the Democrats of Hong Kong will be held on the "July 1st" on the "July 1st" in the past years, and the starting point is Victoria Park. The popularity of the epidemic interrupted this activity, and the first "July 1" after the abolition of the epidemic prevention restrictions was held for three days before and after the epidemic prevention restrictions. Essence
The Hong Kong Socialist Link to organize the "July 1st" demonstration.
Hang people in exile to countries around the world lift the banner of the revolutionary revolution 
Hong Kong people who were exiled abroad due to the National Security Law continued the spirit of the Revolution of the Hong Kong Times. In the United Kingdom, Taiwan, the United States, Europe, Australia, Japan ... The national government and parliament support Hong Kong people to fight against Beijing's suppression, which has aroused sympathy, understanding and support of countries around the world.
6. The lifestyle of Hong Kong 180 has been destroyed by the years? 
How can the CCP completely destroy a Freeton city in just 26 years of taking over Hong Kong? What is the lesson of history?
Since the opening of Hong Kong in 1843, the current Hong Kong is the most terrifying and dark period in its history. It seems that the rule of law, freedom and prosperity that Hong Kong people have always owned will disappear forever, and it is gone.
However, will this kind of terror and darkness beyond imagination really continue for generations?Considering the general trend of the mighty power of international civilized countries, and considering the tenacious and flexible vitality and survival wisdom formed by Hong Kong people for more than 100 years, the love of Hong Kong people's lifestyle has melted into instincts, and the Hong Kong people have melted into instincts. We believe that Hong Kong will be able to survive the current Hersen's historical episodes. A free port that is born again will reproduce the earth again.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/zhongguotoushi/panel-07052023143943.html 
China's first -generation migrant workers have no money for care for the elderly survey report, which was blocked 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T16:23:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T11:01:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Migrant workers sit outside the construction site of China Railway Construction Co., Ltd. for lunch. Photo on March 20, 2019. The Associated Press information recently published an investigation report on the fate of the first generation of migrant workers' work on the Internet "Thirty Years of Workers", which was reposted a lot by netizens, but was continuously blocked at the same time. This article tells that 30 years after working in the first generation of migrant workers in the city, the monthly pension was only RMB 100 and 200. It was unable to retire with a pain. "Thirty Years of Workers" is a study based on the associate professor of Anhui Normal University, Qiu Fengxian, and was published by the new media "Positive Connection". After the article was removed, some netizens replicated or changed their title to other other topics to other other. Platform, but many articles are still removed. The so -called first -generation migrant workers were roughly born before the 1970s. In the mid -1980s and the early 1990s, they worked in the city from rural areas with a scale of about 86 million people. The questionnaires and 200 people learned how they lived in their lives. As a result, 60 % of them said that on the issue of retirement, they said that they could only do it. The article said that most of the first -generation migrant workers could not care about their old age when they were young. They could only use their salary for the present. In 2009, the pension policy was announced. 35 % of them did not understand or believe this policy, so they did not participate in the insurance. Essence After they are 60 years old, they can only receive basic pensions, only more than 100 yuan per month. For the future, in order to repay the debt caused by their son's marriage, they do not intend to retire. Three -quarters of people said they would continue to work in the city after the age of 60. However, in the past two years, migrant workers over the age of 60 have been prohibited from entering the construction site, so they can only do greening, cleaning, warehousing management and other work, and their salary is less than one -third of the construction site. The first generation of migrant workers did not work hard, but the investigation found that efforts could not change their destiny. Qiu Fengxian said that this is a problem of the times. It is deeply influenced by social rejection policies, far from individuals who can decide. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-07052023161411.html 
China cancels the visit of the EU foreign policy leader, Hesep Berrely, 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-05T17:21:03
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T17:21:03
Description: According to reports, China has canceled the European Union's foreign policy, Hessep Berry, to visit Beijing next week, and it did not give a reason.
Images: [" 1-1688573095.png ", " 1-1688573141.png "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '中国', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Senior Representative of EU Foreign and Security Policy, Hesep Berrely (Reuters)
According to reports, China has canceled the European Union's foreign policy, Hessep Berry, to visit Beijing next week, and it did not give a reason.
According to the European Union's ambassador to China, Jorge Toledo, it is expected to discuss trade, human rights and Ukrainian wars with Chinese diplomats.
EU Foreign Affairs spokesman Nabila Masrari said in an email statement issued to the Associated Press: "Unfortunately, Chinese colleagues informed us that the expected date of the next week is not possible. We must now look for it. alternative plan."
Nabila Masrari said, "Specific reasons need to be communicated with China," she also added, "We will adapt to and find a new date together."
 Chinese President Xi Jinping, Chairman of the European Commission Feng Delin and the President of the European Council Michelle, and the head of the European Union Foreign Policy Borel Video Call (Reuters)
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said, "China attaches great importance to Sino -European relations and has always maintained interaction with the European side and various fields."
A spokesman Wang Wenbin said at a press conference held in Beijing, "We welcome senior representatives of Berrely to visit China as soon as possible when both parties are convenient."
Prior to the development of the above situation, the European Union approved a proposal to purchase key materials such as rare earth metals from outside China outside China at a summit held last week, but also said that the European Union did not want to be completely "decoupled" with the world's second largest economy.
On Sunday, Tryo said at the Beijing World Peace Forum that China and Europe may hold two face -to -face dialogues in September, one about economy and trade, another about digital issues, and then held a summit.
"We want to contact China, but we need to make progress, and we need to make progress this year."
This is the second time Berry's visit to Beijing was postponed this year. In April, after his new crown virus test results were positive, his schedule was postponed.
Berrely said for the preparation of April visit that only when Ukraine also sought peaceful, the European Union could trust China.
China has positioned itself as the potential mediation of the war and announced the 12 -point peace plan, but Russia and Ukraine responded indifferently.
As Beijing continued to hold a joint military exercise with Moscow, Beijing's neutrality in the conflict was questioned.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/7/6/%e4%b8%ad%e5%9b%bd%e5%8f%96%e6%b6%88%e6%ac%a7%e7%9b%9f%e5%a4%96%e4%ba%a4%e6%94%bf%e7%ad%96%e8%b4%9f%e8%b4%a3%e4%ba%ba%e4%bd%95%e5%a1%9e%e6%99%ae%c2%b7%e5%8d%9a%e9%9b%b7%e5%88%a9%e7%9a%84%e8%ae%bf 
Four fake news of the Chinese world about the scene of French riots 
Author: 作者：董喆
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T18:55:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T10:08:30-04:00
Description: Author: Dong Yan
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Photo: RFA
Tags: error 
Reading in one minute: 
French African adolescents were shot and killed by police due to road inspection conflicts. This case caused an uproar in French society and further derived the conflict between police and civilians. Recently, a large number of Chinese accounts on Twitter spread a large number of photos and videos of "French riots", but some of the false information that had long been rumored for the English world, some were "old photos and new uses" for moving flowers, and some fake news were still. Fake pictures "confirm", echoing each other. The Asian factual inspection laboratory found four extensive dissemination of false news and cracked one by one with the inspection tools.
In-depth analysis :
The public account of Liu Hong, the former deputy editor -in -chief of "Global" magazine, "Niu Boqin" on July 2nd, "This is an ominous signal, and the whole Europe is now nervous". Tell a French riots.
The public account of Liu Hong, the former deputy editor -in -chief of the Global Magazine, published an article describing the French riots in "Today's Headline". The picture intercepts today's headline In the article, he mentioned that "multiple zoo has been impacted, some lion elephants have been released, and poor animals do not know where to go."
Asian facts investigation of the laboratory searched on Twitter and Facebook with keywords such as "French riots" and "zoo". It was found that several accounts were reposted related content and attached different films. Among them, the most widely circulating fragments of zebra and lions "escaped the zoo".
Twitter Chinese users transferred to the French riots to escape from animals. Figure intercepting Twitter The Asian factual inspection laboratory first uploaded the screenshots of the two films to the search engine for inquiries, but it was difficult to recognize due to poor picture quality. However, related news from keywords such as "Zebra) ESCAPE (Escape) France (France)", the results obtained showed that the closest video of the original fragment comes from the British "Daily Mail" April 13, 2020, April 13, 2020 Published news.
Related videos with keywords, the closest to the original clip is the news of the British "Daily Mail". The picture intercepts from Google Daily Mail Report During the French epidemic blockade in 2020, there was a zebra running on the road in the suburbs of Paris, France. It is understood that the zebra escaped from the Zoo of Ormesson-Sur-Marne on the Marian River.Compared with the "Daily Mail" film and the film spread on Twitter, it can be found that the films on Twitter were captured by the 2020 news clips.
The videos circulating by Twitter are extracted from the fragment of the Daily Mail. The picture intercepts from the Daily Mail, Twitter As for the lion's escape film, the Asian facts check the laboratory found that there is a French keyword "Saint-Denis" on the film, so "SaintDenis (Lion) Lion) searches for the film and found 3 years. Some users published this film on YouTube.
The search results showed that the user published the film on YouTube 3 years ago. The picture intercepts from YouTube](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-07052023172717.html/6-641c5c0b7d50679c986f793a35e74524d5c3167094f7f752880055c07901952475f717247767c5e035728youtube4e0a3002-622a53d681eayoutube.png)Comparing the contents of the videos on Twitter and the content uploaded by YouTube users, although the watermarks on the film are different, according to the uploader and many light spots in the image, the two can be determined that the two are from the same material.
Comparing the multiple light spots in the two images, you can determine the same material. The picture intercepts Twitter, YouTube 2 . French teenagers hold weapons a narrow police car?
In an article on the public account "Niu Dingqin", he used a film with a young man holding the French flag and hijacking a police car with a gun to remind Chinese citizens to the Chinese citizens to increase alertness. This photo also appeared on Twitter's Chinese user account, and was described by the protesters holding military weapons and snatched police cars.
A photo of French teenagers hijacked police cars in the Chinese community. The picture intercepts today's headlines, Twitter Many account reprints also appeared on Weibo, claiming that the French riots were "bandit cars".
There are also many accounts on Weibo to reprint photos of French youth robbery. The picture intercepts from Google Asian facts investigating the laboratory used Google to check this photo, and found that this photo already existed in January 2023 before the riots. Use the keyword "Athena Movie" on Douyin to search, and found that this photo was actually a movie "Athena" released by Netflix in 2022.The movie "Athena" Trailer 1 minute 26 seconds The same image appears, so it can be determined that this photo is taken from a movie, not an illegal riots.
The movie "Athena" trailer has appeared in the same screen (taken from YouTube) 3 . French youth with a long gun from the top floor?
There is also a photo in the Chinese community that is widely circulated: a young man wearing a black down jacket holds a sniper rifle that cannot judge authenticity and aims down from the high -rise building. Some Twitter accounts describe this photo as "youth sniper in French riots."
A number of Chinese users on Twitter said that someone held the image of a sniper rifle in the French riots. Figure intercepting Twitter Asian facts check the laboratory uploaded the photo to Google, and find a video uploaded by Twitter users on June 9, 2023. The tweet means "at 10 am, I hunt from the roof of the CDI to hunt for the roof of the CDI for the hunting for the roof Preparation for lunch. " It can be judged by the release time and content, which has nothing to do with the French riots.
Twitter users uploaded the same video on June 9, 2023. Figure intercepting Twitter After reading the source of earlier, we can see that as early as 2022, this picture exists. However, the relevant links have been lost. We cannot get a short step from the other details in the photo. We cannot determine that the protagonist in this film is a real sniper or a prank video.
But it is certain that before the French riot, this image exists, so this film has nothing to do with the riot.
This film has appeared on the Internet in 2022, but the original content cannot be traced back to the original content due to the failure of the link. Figure intercepting Twitter 4. Can the French people still calm down under riots?
Several accounts also appeared on Twitter and published "French people's hearts are relatively large ... Find a good position to see the lively", and attach the same photo. One man and one woman in the photo tasting wine on the street. They There was a fire in the front of the rear.
Many Chinese users on Twitter transferred photos of the French people's wine in the riots. Figure intercepting Twitter 
In March 2023, people have discussed this photo on Weibo. The picture is intercepted from Weibo From this judgment, this French riots have been calmly tasting on Twitter, which actually captured from the old film in March 2023. It has nothing to do with this riots. Cases used.
_ Asian factual checkup laboratory ( _ASIA FACT Check Lab__) is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about the spread of any media and social software, welcome to email AFCL@rfa.org Inders to the Asian factual inspection laboratory, we will verify and verify for you. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-07052023172717.html 
Morning event analysis every week: China forbidden semiconductor raw material export effect is to be observed (Free Version) 
Authors: ['曹辛']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T22:48:53+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T10:49:99+08:00
Description: Cao Xin: One of the prohibitions on China is that it is difficult to make immediate shadows. The other is that in operation, the operation of Chinese actions is not clear enough for goals and operations, and lack of details.
Images: [" 000092207_pic... "]
Themes: ['半导体', '关注']
Keywords: ['半导体', '原材料', '中美关系', '中国外交']
Type: Article
 On July 3rd, the Ministry of Commerce and the General Administration of Customs issued an announcement that starting on August 1, export control measures were implemented in order to safeguard national security and interests. These two types of products are important raw materials for manufacturing semiconductor products, and China is an important major producer in the world. According to statistics from the European Union and the United States, 80 % of the world's 镓 and 锗 are produced in China. This is widely regarded by the international community to restrict the development of China's semiconductor industry in the United States, the Netherlands and Japan. At present, it is said that downstream companies in many industrial chains in the world are rapidly responding to seeking stable supply of raw materials.
However, in fact, China ’s prohibition of semiconductor raw materials for the curbing effect on a few countries still needs to be observed. One is that this measure is difficult to make immediate results. Second, in terms of operation, the targets and operations of Chinese operations are not clear enough and lack of details.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100171 
Why did Putin invade Ukraine? (Free version) 
Authors: ['王军']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T22:49:09+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T09:46:99+08:00
Description: Wang Jun: The article of two Russian American scholars describes the characteristics of the operating authority, revealing the relationship between the relationship between the dissidents and the bad decisions and the potential consequences.
Images: [" 000184484_pic... "]
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '普京', '乌克兰战争', '专制']
Type: Article
 Since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, there is a problem that is often raised and has also been lingering in the minds of countless people's minds, that is, why Russia invaded Ukraine?
If you do not agree that NATO East Expansion is the reason for Russia's military action, then the answers to the above questions may be a variety of, each of which is different, and even many Ukrainians are puzzled by this issue.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100170 
Young customer base and different growth, the Hema period shakes the FREE Version (Free Version) 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T23:07:28+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T19:06:99+08:00
Description: This chain store supported by Alibaba announced the opening of 12 new stores, which opened the prelude to the IPO at the end of 2023
Images: [" 000185672_pic... "]
Themes: []
Keywords: ['']
Type: Article
 Author Yangge, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
Investors who are eager to get new things from the field of fresh and miscellaneous China may soon get two new choices, they come from the two largest e -commerce companies in China.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100173 
Can the European Union achieve "made in Europe" in key cleaning technology? (Free version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-05T23:27:12+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T19:26:99+08:00
Description: Zhang Dongfang: The conflict between carbonization, competitiveness and economic security may be coordinated, but there is no conflict between them.
Images: [" 000182784_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '欧盟', '关注']
Keywords: ['欧盟', '产业政策', '风电', '光伏']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
The draft of the "Net Zero Industry Law" released by the European Commission in March this year is an important layout of the European Union to achieve strategic autonomy. The draft is a law that reduces the dependence of green technology and is intended to make green technology return. The draft set the specific goal is that by 2030, the EU's strategic net zero technology capacity is close to or meets at least 40%of the annual demand. Among them, eight technologies such as solar photovoltaic and solar photovoltaic technology, land and sea wind energy technology, battery technology, heat pump and geothermal energy technology, carbon capture and sealing technology are listed as "strategic net zero technology".
Some people applauded the introduction of the draft and believed that it had taken a substantial step in the EU's strategic independence. Some people questioned the design ideas of the draft, and questioned that they were especially concentrated on two numbers: 40%and 100%. First, is it reasonable to set a unified 40%self -produced goal for different technologies? Second, all key cleaning technologies, that is, 100%of the key cleaning technology choose the path to make Europe, is it rational?
Researchers from the think tank BRUEGEL compared the local production capacity and local applications of European cleaning technology. Compared to the EU's production capacity of the EU, the production capacity of the EU, the production capacity of the sea and the on -site fan Application, the EU's production capacity and application still have a big gap in solar photovoltaic, heat pumps and batteries, especially in solar photovoltaic. In 2022, the new installation volume of solar photovoltaic in the EU countries was 41.4GW, and the production of manufacturers from the European Union on wafer, photovoltaic batteries and photovoltaic boards were 1.7GW, 1.37 GW and 9.22GW, which is the three EUs in these three. The demand ratio in demand is 4%, 3%, and 22%, respectively, which is far from the 40%setting of the EU. But on power batteries, it is another scene. In 2021, the EU's electric vehicle battery was applied to 156GWh, its own output was 60 GWh, and local production capacity accounted for 38%of the demand. The target of 40%was only two percentage and nine years. The target settings were too conservative.
The prediction made by the green travel agency T & G also reflects the goal of 40%of the battery's goal. T & G conducted a more detailed analysis and prediction of the entire supply chain of the battery based on the announced battery capacity plan, and concluded that if the correct incentive measures were introduced, by 2027, the EU can achieve 100%self -sufficiency on the battery cells. In the positive active material, 67%can be achieved. By 2030, the EU can achieve more than 50%of local lithium refining, and in the local recycling of cobalt, nickel and lithium, 10%, 7%, and 6%, respectively Essence According to the prediction report, 50%of the EU's lithium -ion batteries used in electric vehicles and energy storage in 2022 are produced in Europe, and more investment has also emerged in the refining and processing of battery metals. T & G evaluated the battery super factories (only 2GWH) of the about 50 planned battery, which predicts that 32 projects may be advanced. T & G believes that in all announced construction projects, the production capacity of battery production was 286 GWH in 2025, 616GWh in 2027, and 1395 GWh in 2030.
Of course, the prediction of T & G is based on the announcement of the announcement of the battery capacity plan and the EU's corresponding incentive measures. However, the plan sometimes cannot keep up with the change, especially under the effect of the "lowering the inflation method" in the United States.
On the basis of the data of February 2023, T & G conducted a risk assessment and discovered the risk assessment of the 1.8 TWH production capacity plan from Europe to 2030. Do not take action. By 2030, 68%of Europe's production capacity of 1.2TWH faces uncertainty that is delayed, reduced or failed to achieve. According to the report, China's dominant position on the supply chain of electric vehicle and the United States' "Reducing Aflation" is changing the rules of the game. In theory, Europe and the United States can cooperate with the battery supply chain, but in fact, the supply of professional talents, corporate funds, and raw materials is in a shortage state, which means that global competition in battery production is a zero -sum game.
In other words, setting a unified local manufacturing ratio for all strategic net zero technology cannot take into account the production capacity differences of various technologies, and with various variables, 40%are even more uncertain.
Let's talk about the second question again. Do you need to achieve "European Manufacturing"? There are different views from different logic inferences. SEBASTINDULLEN, director of the Macroeconomic and Wandering Institute, has mentioned three criteria for the government to subsidize the government's subsidies to the government: in order to avoid being threatened by third parties, it should support certain solar technology production. At present, this technology should be supported. At present, this technology should Three -quarters come from China; in order to accelerate climate protection, green hydrogen should be supported; in order to achieve prosperity, the battery production for electric vehicles should be supported.
Moritzschularick, director of the Institute of Economics (IFW), said what kind of green energy will be involved in what kind of technology to be detained in what kind of technology to become Saudi Arabia in the 21st century, and he also supports vigorous development Follow the EU's independent green hydrogen, electrolytic grooves and power batteries, but he also believes that global trade believes that the EU should choose to export in large quantities such as solar equipment and heat pumps instead of setting 40%of themselves for it Production goals. Reintgropp, director of the Harlery Lobenz Institute (IWH), also expressed doubt about European manufacturing, arguing that improving its own battery capacity can not make Europe more competitive. In the production of local batteries, it is better to import from the United States. He expressed his understanding of geographical politics, but the division of labor should not be questioned because of this. Global division of labor is exactly the basis for Europe to maintain prosperity in the future.
Simonetagliapietra from the think tank BRUEGEL has repeatedly wrote many times to discuss European strategic autonomy and economic security routes. He also believes that the competitiveness of the EU relies on products that can import and. He wrote that the conflict between carbonization, competitiveness and economic security may be coordinated, but there is no conflict between them, but the draft of the net zero technology method believes that it can be achieved at the same time through radical manufacturing backflows. Carbonization, competitiveness and economic security are "mistaken."
As described by Teriapra, EU policy makers are considering shifting from economic benefits to geopolitical tough paradigms. However, in the process of transfer, whether the goal setting is a very realistic question.
_ _ 吧 (This article only represents the author's own point of view, and the editor is responsible: Yan MAN.YAN@ftChinese.com)_
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100174 
Special report: No hopes or no & quot; export & quot;- The younger generation in China under the risk of depression 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T-1:34:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T14:44:32-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The problem of mental depression has become more serious in China in recent years, especially the risk of young people suffering from depression is significantly higher than those of other ages. RFA制图 Audio-1-Link：https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/huanjing/kw-07062023111918.html/@@stream On Tuesday, the news of the famous Chinese pop female singer Li Yan shocked from all walks of life because of depression. The problem of mental depression has become more serious in China in recent years, especially the risk of young people suffering from depression is significantly higher than those of other ages. What is the reason for this?
"Four Nothing Youths" and "House Girl on the Street" Where are the hope of young people in China? **** Watching the news of the Chinese youths with tears in tears On the evening of July 5, the famous Hong Kong female singer and 48 -year -old Li Yan suddenly reported the news of his death. Her sister Li Silin posted on Weibo that Li Yan suffered from depression a few years ago. She was born lightly at home on July 2. After the rescue was invalid, she died on July 5. This news not only appeared on the news of the major Chinese media, but also caused people to pay attention to the phenomenon of depression.
 
In the past 20 years, the incidence of mental disorders and depression in China has grown explosive, and the age of patients has also declined significantly. In February this year, a team of the National Mental Health Evaluation Development Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences Psychological Institute issued the "China National Psychological Health Development Report (2021 ~ 2022)". The report shows that the risk of depression in Chinese adults is 10.6%. Among them, young people are high -risk groups in depression, and the depression risk detection rate of the aged group aged 18 to 24 reaches 24.1%, which is significantly higher than that of other ages; It is also significantly higher than the age groups of 35 and above. At the same time, the age differences of the detection rate of mental anxiety risk also show similar trends.
The report shows that the so -called "depression risk" is not a "depression" diagnosed by a professional physician, but refers to the measurement of the interviewees using the standard psychological test method. The possibility of depression.
Screenshot of the cover of "Chinese National Psychological Healthy Development Report (2021 ～ 2022)"
So, what impact does the mental health of young people have on social development? Ren Ruihong, former Minister of Medical Rescue Department of the Chinese Red Cross Foundation, told this station: "This generation is actually the backbone of society, it should be the golden period of rising career, and to contribute to society. However, if the entire group (psychological) If there is a huge problem, you can imagine it like an explosive library. You don't know which day will erupt. "
Female young people who follow human rights: fear but not understood 
When it comes to the problem of mental depression, Wang Xia, who lives in a rental house in Beijing and is in a semi -lost state, told reporters that the first sentence was: "I almost jumped off the building yesterday afternoon."
Wang Xia graduated from the university for 3 or 4 years. The recent depression was due to her and her mother quarreled on the phone. She said: "When I answered the phone, she cried for a long time to her (mother), and shouted, and then I pushed the window on the balcony. At that time, I wanted to jump off the building, but my boyfriend quickly put it from behind. I hugged. "
Wang Xia has quarreled with her mother for many days, the direct reason is that she thinks that her mother is too strong and can't understand her: "Because there are too many things that my family does not want her to see." She said, "I don't want to let my mother see things" Souvenirs related to domestic human rights resistances are collected at home.
Since his college days, Wang Xia has paid attention to the issue of human rights of China. After graduation, she left her hometown to work in Beijing and continued to participate in human rights and public welfare activities. In the past two years, China's human rights and legal system has retreated, but Wang Xia still overcome his inner fear and participated in the assistance of people and young actors, including the arrested people who called for the rescue of the "white paper movement" last year. Although she did not do any "big things", she still experienced many trauma in her heart, and therefore had symptoms of anxiety and depression.
She said: "Once, I visited a family member of a friend who was in trouble. At that time, I was discovered by the National Security and was intercepted for one or two hours. That night, I started insomnia. It is difficult for me to concentrate on work and have been drinking. "
However, Wang Xia cannot relieve it by telling his family through these inner pain and pressure. She said: "My parents are all people in the system, and my mother is very desire to control. She likes to interfere with my private life and is also very contempt for my values. This feeling makes me feel disgusting and fearful."
China ’s psychological counseling services are expensive, and many so -called doctors do not have qualified qualifications. Wang Xia is also difficult to evaluate the risk of consulting such“ political depression ”. As a result, she has not been able to get good psychological counseling. In addition, the unstable work and the meager income also made her a serious sense of insecurity. She can only take antidepressants from time to time. Fortunately, her boyfriend often accompanies and gives her spiritual comfort and encouragement. College students who have been "duty" by the school 
Wang Xia's boyfriend Xiao Sun is still studying in college. They met in a group that discussed politics and came together because of the three views. However, in the school, Xiaosun is also the object of being closely monitored and suppressed by the school.
Xiaosun said that he initially refused to install the "National Anti -Fraud Center" application in accordance with the requirements of the school, opposing the program to collect personal information, and became the "objender" in the eyes of the school leader: "In fact, I didn't do anything too much too much Excessive confrontation, I did not call for others to resist with me. I just didn't pretend to be alone, but I was very low -key, but my counselor interviewed me. His attitude was actually quite bad, and talked to me. about an hour."
During the epidemic in 2022, Xiao Sun's university started from August to the outbreak of "White Paper Movement". However, the school's control regulations for students are verbally transmitted by teachers. Without text, students are dissatisfied, but it is difficult to complain. Xiaosun applied for information disclosure to the school's party committee office and requested the announcement of the relevant policy documents of the school. At that time, he also consulted a rights protection lawyer and did not expect that their WeChat private chat was discovered by the National Security.
Xiaosun said: "National Security directly found our school's defense office and asked to investigate me. I was continuously interviewed. Our principal was in charge of me. They whole me. "
Under the huge pressure, the little grandson had to give up the application for information disclosure. Later, the counselor also arranged a classmate in the same dormitory to monitor him and report his dynamics at any time. This made him feel very annoyed and fell into anxiety: "I will know that someone will stare at me at any time. I don't have any privacy and no sense of security."
Another reason why the little grandson feels anxious is that every Chinese college student is facing a huge academic pressure and employment pressure: "On the first day of enrollment, the dean gave us new students. I ca n’t find a job, only one road for postgraduate entrance examination. The entrance examination rate is so low, so everyone is basically desperate. "
On August 26, 2022, young people participated in the job fair in Beijing. (Agence France -Presse) Nightmare in the workplace of young women in the system **
Not only do students in the university feel depressed and desperate, but also young people who have been employed smoothly also feel that the status quo of social status that distorted them made them difficult to adapt. Liu Fang, who was in a small city, was diagnosed with depression after graduating from college for 4 years. She believes that this is first because the values they insist on are incompatible with the social work environment.
Liu Fang said: "If they criticize me, I am more" Chongyang Mei ", and my thoughts are westernized. I am more believed in that kind of universal value, that is, freedom and equal civil rights (people). It's equal. "
Liu Fang, who is straightforward, doesn't like blind obedience at work, and even disdain his superior. She said, so she was squeezed by the boss of the direct boss: "He feels like a emperor, and the people underneath must figure out the intention, but I am just not doing so. Picking my work, for example, I committed a small punctuation or a page number error, and he would say, do you come to work or come to play. When you have a weekly meeting, you will pick me out. , Scolding for half an hour to an hour, and this kind of PUA (referring to spiritual control) scolding. "
Liu Fang said that in addition to being publicly humiliated, her boss also had some sexual harassment behaviors, but she was directly rejected. This made her boss more dissatisfied with her. Liu Fang described that her mental abuse has been "like a nightmare" in recent years, but because the economy has continued to decline, she has not been able to find a job after the resignation, so she has to endure.
At the same time, Liu Fang also felt that the oppression of women in the entire Chinese society was still intensifying, including social hot news that harmed women such as "iron chain women" and "Tangshan beating incident", which caused huge in the heart of Liu Fang who advocated feminism. Impact: "No wonder many people say that in China, a marriage certificate is a seller. Because a man is married to you, he can beat you, scold you, slavery you, and then snatch your fertility results The results of labor. However, all people, including law, are supporting him. "
Because of being disappointed with the society, Liu Fang had been refused to fall in love, get married and had children, and was under pressure from his parents. In March of this year, the doctor confirmed that she suffered from depression.
The people became more depressed after the epidemic? 
In the past three years, the various severe epidemic control measures of the Chinese authorities have also caused serious negative impacts on the mental health of the people. Some surveys showed that during the closure of Shanghai last year, more than 40 % of Shanghai residents showed depression, and the number of psychological hotlines increased.
So after the epidemic, have people's psychological conditions improve?
"Let's say that, no one around me tells me that they are happy." Zhao Di, who is in Shanghai and is still in his 30s, told the reporter that now there is a big crisis in the country, whether it is private enterprises, state -owned enterprises or foreign companies, a lot of crisis, a lot The layoffs are very common: "In the past three years, everyone's dreams have been broken. Everyone feels that they have fallen into the bottom of the valley, and they lie flat. If you are not lucky, you carry millions of mortgage loans. There will be a feeling that life is not as good as death or every day. "
Zhao Di, who has long worked in foreign companies for a long time, said that as an important foreign window of China's economy, she only knows Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, and Western foreign companies that she knows. In the past two years, she has almost gone half or even 70%. In the first four months of this year, the economy has recovered slightly, but after the May Day holiday, it is a cliff -like deterioration. She explained: "Many people have found that they have not improved in these months, then I will retreat quickly and keep my life tight. In this way, I think (economy) is difficult to recover in the short term and years. Because of the recovery and reconstruction of confidence, this is based on the year (calculated). "
With the deterioration of the economic environment, what Zhao Di felt more depressed is that the space of speech was also significantly reduced, especially after the epidemic. She said: "Sometimes, I even saw that some netizens on the Internet were judged to be 'negative energy' or '" disagreement "because they talked about their unemployment, they did not get compensation, or they had to consider arbitration. The title is really inexplicable. "Zhao Di said that not only the friends around him have been blocked. Many of her online Vs who have been paying attention to on Weibo and Zhihu have also started from the epidemic, and because of the "red line" of some public opinion, And being stunned.
"When our main communication channel is cut off, everyone will feel very embarrassed, just like being covered with mouth, and then this feeling will ferment in our hearts. Sex depression. "Zhao Di said.
"This society is sick" 
Ren Ruihong, who had specialized in the youth psychological rescue project in China, told this station that the reason why Chinese young people's psychological problems are now prominent, mainly due to the high pressure and instability of the survival of the social environment.
"In the entire environment in China, we all know that economic pressure is great and social security is serious. Everyone is in a state of concern ... Many people in this generation are concerned about politics, especially in large cities. In the past They can also flip the wall and the net to complain, and now they are definitely dare not. "Ren Ruihong believes that young people in China have been squeezed under various pressures. To emotional exit.
"Most people's tolerance cannot be so good. When the extreme is reached, this negative emotion will spread throughout the society, (formed) a social depression." Ren Ruhong said.
Liu Fang mentioned earlier also told reporters that as long as you open the social media, everyone is venting their negative energy. Almost everyone has some kind of crazy thoughts: "This psychological disease has developed to this stage. I think this is not a personal problem, this is already a group trauma. "
Zhao Di said frankly: "I always feel that this society is sick, and now I can do it with one post or a few doctors." She believes that Chinese society has come to this day, everyone There are responsibilities, because many people are not a good person. "I think what everyone can do is start from themselves, don't do evil again. To be a good person, then such a society may gradually improve."
(For security considerations, young interviewees in this article Wang Xia, Xiaosun, Liu Fang, and Zhao Di are all pseudonyms.)
Reporter: Caddy Editor: He Ping.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/huanjing/kw-07062023111918.html 
LeX Column: Shimao Asset Streaming is a warning signal (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Lex专栏']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T00:24:58+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T20:23:99+08:00
Description: Compared to some difficult Chinese developers, Shimao has been considered better. The group's assets have no one bid in the auction, which seems to indicate that the Chinese real estate market has not yet bottomed out.
Images: [" 000153955_pic... "]
Themes: ['公司债券', '关注']
Keywords: ['公司债券', '中国商业与金融', '亚太公司', '新兴市场']
Type: Article
 To understand the rising level of China's house prices, you may wish to take a look at Shanghai. In 2000, the average residential price was only $ 455 per square meter. By 2020, this number has jumped to $ 5,100. Both Shanghai and Shenzhen have entered the world's highest housing prices in five cities.
This soaring promotion of Shimao Group, which is active in these two cities,(shi hairy group)List in China's top developers. Last year, the company's default showed how severe the real estate industry was. The news disclosed on Wednesday -the efforts of its auction of key assets are obviously ended with streaming -the entire Chinese bond market is a warning signal.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100175 
Wu Yanzu play the car: How to convert a "little cute" into "free version" 
Author: A.J. Baime | Photographs by Carolyn Fong for The Wall Street Journal
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T00:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T00:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T23:02:00.000Z
Description: The well -known actor completely transformed his 1968 Honda S800 and gave the story plot to the car.
Images: []
Categories: ['派', '生活']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000969198
Type: Article
48 -year -old Wu Yanzu(Daniel Wu)He is an actor, producer and director. He currently lives in Los Angeles and starred in the Disney+drama "Journey to the West"(American Born Chinese)Essence He told A.J. Baime the story of his 1968 Honda S800. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%90%B4%E5%BD%A6%E7%A5%96%E7%8E%A9%E8%BD%A6-%E5%A6%82%E4%BD%95%E5%B0%86%E4%B8%80%E8%BE%86-%E5%B0%8F%E5%8F%AF%E7%88%B1-%E6%94%B9%E8%A3%85%E6%88%90-%E5%A4%A7%E6%9D%B0%E4%BD%9C-d399b075 
Silicon Valley Bank resumes loans, but the pace slows down 
Author: Yuliya Chernova
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T01:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T01:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T23:51:00.000Z
Description: Silicon Valley Bank, which has recently been acquired by FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES, has resumed loans to startups and venture capital markets, but it is not as strong as in the past.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Recently acquired by FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES Silicon Valley Bank(Silicon Valley Bank)Loans that have been restored to start -ups and venture capital markets are not as strong as in the past.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%A1%85%E8%B0%B7%E9%93%B6%E8%A1%8C%E6%81%A2%E5%A4%8D%E6%94%BE%E8%B4%B7-%E4%BD%86%E6%AD%A5%E4%BC%90%E6%94%BE%E7%BC%93-e98ba509 
The annual rate of PPI in the euro zone falls into negative value interval 
Authors: ['瓦伦丁娜•罗梅伊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T01:13:29+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T21:11:99+08:00
Description: The European Union Statistics said that the euro area PPI fell by 1.5%year -on -year, which is the first time that the index has declined since December 2020.
Images: [" 000185525_pic... "]
Themes: ['欧洲央行', '关注']
Keywords: ['欧洲央行', '欧元区通胀', '欧洲经济', '欧盟经济', '欧元区经济', '高盛', '野村控股']
Type: Article
 One key indicator of measuring the inflation in the euro area has fallen into the negative value range for two and a half years, and further shows that the price of bombs the prices that plague enterprises and families have begun to subscribe.
EU Statistical Bureau(Eurostat)It is said that in May(PPI)The year -on -year decrease of 1.5%, which is the first time that the index has declined since December 2020.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100176 
Russia means that Ukraine can accuse the Russian army of hazardous measures at the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station with nuclear weapons 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T01:38:09
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T01:38:09
Description: Ukraine calls on the international community to "immediately take measures" to respond to the danger of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station. At present, both Russia and Ukraine have accused each other, claiming that the other party is going to implement a "provocative" behavior in the nuclear power plant.
Images: [" RC2CM1A8OD2H-... ", " image-1688607... ", " image-1-16886... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Ukrain(Reuters)On July 5th local time, Ukraine called on the international community to "take measures immediately" to cope with the danger of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station -the nuclear power plant is currently under the control of the Russian army. The "provocative" behavior is implemented in the nuclear power plant. Essence
The Ukrainian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that Russia's at least three reactors at the Zaparo Nuclear Power Station deployed military personnel and installed defensive labor in the reactor, which pose a direct threat to the occurrence of nuclear accidents.
The Ukrainian Ministry of Foreign Affairs added in a statement that the world should now take measures immediately to prevent accidents in Europe's largest nuclear power plant.
Ukrainian President Zelei said that the Ukrainian intelligence department found that the Russian army placed similar explosives on the roof of the Zaparo Nuclear Power Station.
Zelezki warned that Russia may be planned to simulate the nuclear power plant, or there may be other situations.
On the other hand, the Kremlin warned that Ukraine might implement a destruction operation against the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station and emphasized that this may lead to major catastrophic consequences.
Rente Karcccant, president of the Russian National Atomic Energy Company, said the Ukrainian army plans to use artillery and drone to attack the Zaparo nuclear power plant.
The Russian official added that Ukraine hopes to coordinate with the British intelligence department to create a nuclear disaster at the nuclear power plant.
 During the Russian and Ukraine War(news agency)On the other hand, Raphael Gronci, director of the International Atomic Energy Agency, pointed out in a statement that experts at the agency have checked some facilities of the nuclear power plant and no traces of mines or other explosives have been found.
Gross added that experts at the agency also asked to enter other facilities at the nuclear power plant to ensure that there were no explosives.
In this regard, he explained that the inspection of the roof and the turbine lobby of the No. 3 and No. 4 reactor units is necessary, and an independent and objective expert report issued by the agency will help explain the situation in the nuclear power plant.
The statement also pointed out that the main electric line has been re -connected to the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station on the evening of the 4th.
The Russian army controlled the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station on March 4, 2022. The nuclear power plant has been repeatedly attacked by artillery and cutting off with the grid. According to Ukraine methods, Russia has deployed troops and weapons nearby.
Against such a background, the Vice Chairman of the Russian Security Council Modvedev said that any war can be quickly ended -either either ended by signing a peace treaty, or it was done by Americans when using nuclear weapons in 1945 to bomb Japan in Japan. That way. Medvedev added that if the NATO (North Atlantic Convention Organization) stopped supplying weapons to Ukraine, the military operation would end within a few days.
A court of Kiev, two explosions occurred 
On the other hand, the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Igor Clemenko announced that two explosions occurred in the Court of Fuxingko, the capital of Ukraine, because the defendant named "Igor Hamson" was in the court. Two bombs were detonated in a room. It should be pointed out that he was taken to the scene as a suspect in the case of the Ukrainian National Guard soldiers who died in front of the parliament building in front of the parliament building in 2015.
Klemeno explained that the attacker first detonated a bomb to the guards, causing many of them to be injured, and then he tried to escape, which prompted the police to shoot and seize him at him. And the surrounding police detonated the second bomb.
Subsequently, Ukraine Broadcasting Station quoted the Minister of the Internal Affairs Clemeno, saying that the attacker who created an explosion in the Kiev Court died on the spot.
In the question of answering a reporter of the Peninsula TV station, Cleenco said that it is not yet possible to seizes allegations on Russia or other external forces. He also pointed out that the relevant authorities are continuing to investigate the incident.
 Shipbuk on the Black Sea(news agency)
Development on the spot 
In the development of the Battlefield of the Ukraine War in Russia, Russia and Ukraine continued to fight on various fronts in the east and south, and the Ukraine tried to destroy the military defense of the Russian army during a counterattack.
On the other hand, Russia continued to launch bombing and missile attacks against Halkov, Samo, Pither Peter Peter Peter, and the Poltava region.
The Donetsk authorities in Russia said that the Ukrainian army bombed a railway station in the city of Ayona, Nightsk.
Sources added that Ukraine used heavy artillery and GRAD rockets to launch artillery, which caused some locomotives, containers and infrastructure to be destroyed. In addition, these bombers also hit the residential area of the city, but have not caused any casualties.
At the same time, Russia's Belgo Rhode Governor Viacuslav Grankov announced that it would set up a second region self -defense group in the state, planned to include 3,000 people, and will soon obtain weapons.
The Russian Tas News reported that the first regional self -defense group in Belgo Rhode also includes 3,000 people, which is one of the seven major self -defense groups established in the Russian border province -these areas are often attacked and bombed in Ukraine. Essence
In this context, the Russian Ministry of Defense stated on the 5th that the Russian army launched an attack on the three Ukrainian military groups near Bachurut. Prior to this, reports on the region's battle were contradictory.
The Russian private military group, Wagna, captured Bachmut in May this year. Previously, the battle between the two sides to compete for this eastern city has lasted for 10 months. Since then, the Russian army has been facing tremendous pressure on the Ukrainian army to threaten the city.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/7/6/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e6%9a%97%e6%8c%87%e5%8f%af%e7%94%a8%e6%a0%b8%e6%ad%a6%e5%99%a8%e7%bb%93%e6%9d%9f%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%8c%87%e8%b4%a3%e4%bf%84%e5%86%9b%e5%9c%a8 
Binance.us cryptocurrency trading market share (Free Version) 
Author: Amina Niasse
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T01:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T01:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T22:25:00.000Z
Description: According to the data provider KAIKO, after a regulatory agency's rectification operation, cryptocurrency traders have left the U.S. Exchange in Binance, which led to Binance.us' market share from 27%of April to last week to last week. Slightly higher than 1%.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001030191
Type: Article
In a Regulatory rectification storm After the coming, cryptocurrency traders have poured out of Binance(Binance)According to the information from the data provider Kaiko, last week, the market share of Binance.us fell from a record high of 27%to 1%more than 1%.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/binance-us%E5%8A%A0%E5%AF%86%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81%E4%BA%A4%E6%98%93%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E4%BB%BD%E9%A2%9D%E6%9A%B4%E8%B7%8C-2020a1d9 
Xi Jinping warned Putin not to use nuclear weapons? Russ 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T01:57:00Z
Description: The British "Financial Times" reported that China was concerned that Russia would destroy the relationship between China and European countries if Russia used nuclear weapons in Ukraine; in March, Xi Jinping personally told Russian President Putin not to do so. Russia has denied this report.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['薄熙来', '俄罗斯', '专题报道：习近平访美', '乌克兰', '中国共产党', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团', '毛泽东', '中国宪法修正案取消国家主席任期限制']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '普京', '习近平', '中俄关系', '战术核武', '乌克兰', '俄乌战争']
Id: 66130079
On March 21, Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Russian President Putin in the Kremlin.
(Voice of German in Chinese) Chinese President Xi Jinping visited Moscow in March; according to the informed person, Xi Jinping told Russia President Putin in person at that time: Do not use nuclear weapons in Ukraine. Some US officials said that Chinese officials privately attributed "persuasive Putin to not use nuclear weapons" to the Chinese side; relevant persons of the Kremlin said that Russia's judgment of tactical nuclear weapons will not bring Russia's advantages, so they decide not to use it. The news came from the British "Financial Times" and was later denied by Ke Palace.
"Financial Times" quoted the unnamed Chinese government consultant on Wednesday (July 5), saying that "preventing Putin from using nuclear weapons" is the core work for China to fight against Europe. This person said that if Ukraine or other allies were attacked by Russian nuclear weapons, maybe a rebound in China ; But if China can prevent this, it is conducive to improving the relationship between China and the continental.
The report pointed out that although China has acquiesced and supports Russia, it also has doubts about the war. Shi Yin Hong, an expert in the International Relations of Renmin University of China, believes that Russia "will never be recognized by China Using Nuclear Martial Arts "If Russia does this," China will further alienate Russia. "
The Kremlin spokesman Dmitrypeskov denied the above report on the 5th. According to Reuters, Peskov said that the documents published by Putin after the meeting with Xi Jinping have stated that the two of them talk about the conversation. In addition, "the others are fake."
The main differences between the "Tactical Nuclear Weapons" and "Strategic Nuclearweapons" are the range and coverage. The former warhead is small and is usually used for small -scale targets on the battlefield. The picture shows Russia's TOCHKA short -range missile in April 2000, with a range of about 70 kilometers.
Since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, China has never publicly condemned Russia, but instead blamed the conflict on factors such as NATO's eastward expansion, European and American aid and other factors. Regarding the use of nuclear weapons, China has repeatedly expressed opposition. When Olaf Scholz visited Beijing in November last year Xi Jinping once said that he should "prevent the nuclear crisis in mainland Asia and Europe."
In February this year, China issued 12 points in China The conflict between Russia and Ukraine should be "political solution." Experts told DW at the time that the document lacks the cause of Russia to change their behavior; however, it is worth noting that "nuclear weapons are unavailable and the nuclear war cannot be played."
In Moscow's "Xi Pu" in March Later, the China -Russia joint statement also mentioned a similar statement: "All nuclear weapons countries should not deploy nuclear weapons overseas and should be withdrawn from nuclear weapons deployed abroad." As the basis of negotiation. However, a few days later, Russia announced in Belarus to deploy tactical nuclear weapons , Let China's "promotion" hard work embarrassed.
Russia has previously been scared to use tactical nuclear weapons many times. Although the intensity of related warnings later, the Financial Times said that Ukraine has recently worried that Russia may change in Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plants.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/習近平警告普京勿用核武？俄否認/a-66130079?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Jenning held a funeral for the martyrs, and Garant vowed to treat the West Bank in the same way as Gasha, and the UN Human Rights Office: invading or constituted the crime of war. 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T01:59:13
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T01:59:13
Description: The Palestinians mourned the corpses of 12 martyrs who were killed in the military operations of Jenning and its camps in Israel. The Israeli National Defense Minister Joe Garrant vowed to deal with the issue of the West Bank of the Jordan River in the same way as Gasha, and the UN Human Rights Office believes that Israel's air strike and ground operation in Joning may constitute the crime of war.
Images: [" 1-1688608255.jpg ", " 2-1688608263.jpg ", " 3-1688608283.jpg ", " 4-1688608292.jpg ", " 5-1688608298.jpg ", " 6-1688608317.jpg "]
Topics: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻', '以色列', '巴勒斯坦']
Type: Article
 Israel designed to destroy Jining's difficult private infrastructure and destroy the property and house of the Palestinians(Anadoru News Agency)The Palestinians mourned the corpses of 12 martyrs who were killed in the military operations of Jenning and its camps in Israel. The occupation forces said that despite the heavy price, the goal of action was achieved. The Israeli National Defense Minister Joe Garrant vowed to deal with the issue of the West Bank of the Jordan River in the same way as Gasha, and the UN Human Rights Office believes that Israel's air strike and ground operation in Joning may constitute the crime of war.
Thousands of citizens participated in the funeral team of 10 martyrs in the camp. The funeral team departed in front of the Joning Government Hospital, walked to the city center, and arrived at the martyr's cemetery in the camp. The funerals and funerals of the other two martyrs were held in their hometown outside the camp.
The mourner shouted the slogan of the martyrs in the funeral team, and shouted to face the stubborn resistance when facing aggression, and vowed to continue to resist the road until the occupant was defeated, and five of them were under 18 years old.
The slogan of the angry mourner forced the authorities and the leaders of the Fartach Movement to leave the martyr's funeral team, the most famous of which were Mahamid Arule and Azam Ahmad.
After the tension on July 5th, some scenes showed that the Palestinian security forces were deployed near the Mukata Building of Jenin. At the same time, a circulating video showed that a young man was also arrested by Jenning by the Palestinian security forces.
Among the martyr's funeral team, the angry young people gathered in front of the city's provincial headquarters, and some of them threw stones at the building. At the same time, the Palestinian security department launched tear gas to the angry demonstrators.
 Thousands of people participated in the funeral of 10 martyrs in the Jining refugee camp(Anadoru News Agency)
war crime 
After the Joning attack, two UN independent experts said on Wednesday on the 5th that the Israeli army's "air strike and ground operation" conducted in the Jining Refugee Camp this week, "or constitutes the crime of war."
The two UN reporters said that "the attack was the most violent West Coast since the Jiening Refugee Camp was destroyed in 2002."
These two experts are: Since 1967, Palestine has been occupied by the local land and human rights. UN position.
On the other hand, the Office of Criminal Court Prosecutor Carim Khan's office announced that "continuing to monitor the situation and situation of Palestine's situation and situation, because they are related to the investigation by the International Criminal Court."
The International Criminal Court has not provided more information or the latest situations on the Court of Criminals that may have occurred during the Gaza War in 2014.
In 2021, the court in Hague launched an official investigation into the occupied Palestinian territory. Israel is not a member of the court, and refuses to cooperate with these investigations or acknowledge the jurisdiction of the court.
 Garrant vowed that the Israeli army will take action like on the west bank of the Jordan River
Garrant vowed and talked about the role of power institutions 
On the other hand, the Israeli National Defense Minister Joyv Garrant threatened that "terrorism will no longer have a safe place." He also said that as he said, the Israeli army will take action like on Gaza on the west bank of the Jordan River.
He added that the Israeli army launched a operation in Joning to crack down on all organizations called terrorist organizations and can copy and implement their actions anywhere.
He also said that as he said, Israel has achieved great achievements in Jiening's military operations, including seizing weapon ammunition libraries and factories to eliminate armed personnel.
He also said in a subsequent report of the KAN Channel affiliated to the Israeli official broadcasting company that his army had "freedom of action" in Joning City and said it was impossible in the past. But he added, as he said, "it may take one or two rounds of battles."
Regarding the role of Palestinian power institutions, Garant pointed out that "when Palestine's power agency is active and (Palestine) security departments are working on work, this is considered Israel's security interests." He added, "If the security department bears responsibilities, he is responsible, and the security department is responsible. We will allow them to work and play a role. "
However, he continued, "When we need to protect Israeli citizens, we will not hesitate to take action anywhere in Zone A, B, and C."
"Oslo Agreement" (1995) is divided into 3 areas of the West Coast: 3 areas:(a)Completely controlled by the Palestinian,(b)Affected by Israel's security control, Palestinian people and administrative control,(c)Controlled by Israel's civil, administrative and security.
On the day after Jenning's withdrawal, a spokesman for the Israeli army reported that 300 people had been arrested and 12 people died. He said that these people had armed forces in Joning. He added in a statement issued to Israeli Radio Station that Joning's actions lasted 48 hours, which was very complicated, and in the difficult area he said.
On the other hand, a spokesman for the Israeli army said that the military operations of Jenning and its camp were successful and achieved great results. But he said that the army paid a heavy price, referring to a elite soldier being killed.
He denied the death of Palestinian civilians and only said that someone was injured because he said terrorists hiding behind citizens.
The members of the Casham brigade, the Holy City Brigade, and the Aksa Martyrs' brigade carefully planned to ambush, causing one Israeli soldier to die and the other Israeli soldier injured. Some photos of the Organization of Joning Camp show that an Israeli military vehicle is equipped with explosive devices.
 Jehad said that the people of Palestine defeated Israel's aggression against Joning and its camps, and achieved great victory
Hamas and Jehad to respond 
Regarding the reaction of Palestine, Hamas said that the Israeli occupation forces withdraw from the Jenning Refugee Camp, marking that it failed to achieve its goals and failed in front of the heroic and stubborn resistance.
The movement supplemented in a statement that the people of the Palestinian people united, insisted on resisting choices, and emphasized to strengthen joint coordination to fight against occupation and their settlers.
The campaign calls on the international community, the United Nations and the Arab National Alliance to overcome the state of condemnation and condemnation, and fulfill the duties of ending the occupation, legally investigating, and investigating their leaders' crimes and terrorist responsibilities.
On the other hand, Ziad Nacara, Secretary -General of Islamic Battle Movement, said that as he said, the Palestinian people defeated Israel's aggression against Joning and its camps and achieved great victory. Nakara said in a statement, "Jenning Camp bravely and heroically led this great victory."
Nakara called on the Palestinian to unite and "strengthen the firmness of the Jenning camp and continue to maintain its inspiring revolution, challenges, jihads and resistance."
 After the Israeli military operations, dozens of armed Palestinians deployed in the Jenning Refugee Camp
Resistance to re -deploy 
According to Anado News Agency, after the end of the Israeli military operation, on Wednesday, the 5th, after the Israeli military operations, dozens of armed Palestinians were deployed in the Jenning refugee centers. They re -installed the iron fence at the entrance of the camp to prevent Israel's new invasion.
An armed member who did not want to disclose his name held in a statement issued to the agency that the Israeli army failed to achieve any goals and added that the occupation forces withdrew from the pressure and force of the resistance and forces. During the aggression, the resistance continued to fight against its troops.
On Monday, the 3rd, the Israeli occupation forces attacked Jining. This was the largest invasion since the "Defense Wall" in 2002. More than 3,000 soldiers, 200 military vehicles and dozens of aircraft participated in the raid. Except for the martyrs, about 120 people were injured in Israel, and 20 of them were critical to injuries.
 On Tuesday, 4th, a Palestinian youth assaulted in Traviv, causing 7 people to be injured
'S attack on Gasha, Tellavv's human car accident and assassination incident 
After the announcement of Joning's withdrawal, the Israeli army launched an attack on the Gaza Strip. The goal was to respond to the Rockets fired from the Gaza Strip, which was intercepted by the "iron dome".
A reporter from Peninsula reported that Israeli fighters bombed with multiple missiles to bomb a place where Palestine, Palestine, north of Gaza Strip, and another place west of Gaza City.
The reporter said that Israel's attacks have caused material losses to the two target locations, but there are no reports of casualties.
On Tuesday, Tuesday, a Palestinian youth committed an attack, which occurred in a car accident and assassination, causing 7 people to be injured.
Witnesses said that the attacker drove a car at a high speed at the time, hit a bus station fiercely, and got out of the car to stab the two Israelis, and then a security guard shot at him at a close range.
Hamas claimed that he was responsible for the Tellav's attack and expressed his condolences to the perpetrator Abdul Wahab Halle, and confirmed that the operation was the beginning of response to Joning's occupation aggression.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/6/%e6%9d%b0%e5%ae%81%e4%b8%ba%e7%83%88%e5%a3%ab%e4%b8%be%e8%a1%8c%e8%91%ac%e7%a4%bc%e5%8a%a0%e5%85%b0%e7%89%b9%e8%aa%93%e8%a8%80%e4%bb%a5%e4%b8%8e%e5%8a%a0%e6%b2%99%e5%90%8c%e6%a0%b7%e6%96%b9 
Hubei car purchase preferential subsidies did not arrive before the owner 4S shop to protest the fraud involving fraud 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T02:30:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T12:37:34-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Many Dongfeng Citroen owners were in front of the 4S shop in the 4S shop in the east of Hubei, and pulled a banner to protest. Weibo picture Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/jingmao/GT -GT-0706202934.html/@@stream The Hubei government launched financial subsidies and car companies to launch half -priced sales of private car activities, but in the past four months, some owners said that they have not received the car purchase subsidy model promised in the car purchase contract. Recently, many car owners in Hubei went to Dongfeng Citroen Hubei No. 1 4S shop to pull a banner in front of the 1 -4S shop in Hubei, saying that the car company was suspected of fraud. Dongfeng Citroen promised to pay all the subsidies before August 15. Industry insiders told reporters that this subsidy is mainly from government finances. Auto companies cannot get government subsidies and cause buyers to get money.
Property market stimulates the economy to not support China in many places to subsidize car companies to reduce price reductions Hubei Qianjia Auto Parts Factory Facing the Government of Government of Government of Survival Crisis Beginning in early March this year, Dongfeng Automobile Group sold its private cars in a "big sale" manner. A variety of models are sold in half price, and the authorities use fiscal subsidies to consumers, causing a wave of buying. However, the owner has been complaining recently. The authorities have not fulfilled some of the terms in the car purchase contract and did not pay the owner to the owner of RMB 90,000. Banner of suspected fraud. In a video uploaded by netizens, some people shouted: "Now everyone has come to ask for money, and this shop is suspected of cheating money."
According to Red Star News on Wednesday, in March this year, Hubei Province opened a car purchase discount season, and several models under Dongfeng Group were listed. Among them, the price reduction of the Citroen series models was particularly obvious. Taking the Citroen C6 model with a price of about 210,000 as an example, after the subsidy of the government and enterprise with a minus of 90,000 yuan, the naked price of the model dropped to about 120,000 yuan. Recently, Hongxing News contacted Mr. Wu, a publisher of the above video. Mr. Wu said that he was also one of the owners of rights protection. He also said that the subsidy of Hubei Dongfeng Citroen car purchase government and enterprise has not arrived for more than 3 months. After repeated complaints, since July 1, Mr. Wu and many other rights protection owners have received about half of subsidies. However, when they asked the specific amount of the subsidy amount to the account date, they still could not get an exact reply.
In March of this year, the Hubei Provincial Government and car companies launched a prize promotion to issue a nearly half -price car purchase subsidy to the car purchase customers, but some people have not received subsidies so far. Faced with the inquiries of Chinese reporters, Dongfeng Citroen asked customers to "wait patiently" and once again promised to subsidize all the owners before August 15. (Posted on Weibo/Guting) The media is concerned about the owner's rights protection car company promised to pay the subsidy before August 15th 
In this regard, some reporters called the Citroen 4S shop to inquire, and the response was that some subsidies were returned in recent days. The remaining subsidies will be returned before August 15th: "Because the vehicle sales are large, the relevant information has been submitted to the client. Car purchase adaptation to supplementary information to the government ... wait patiently. "
Ms. Liao, the owner of Suizhou, told this station that this phenomenon appeared not only in Hubei Citroen. Many car companies claimed to provide customers with car purchase subsidies, but so far they have not been implemented: "Several manufacturers' car subsidies have not been implemented now. Citroen Dragon. The company does not give (subsidy model). "
Mr. Wu, the owner of Citroen, also provided the supplementary contract terms of another rights protection car owner to Red Star News. The model purchased by the owner is the Dongfeng Citroen C6. Subsidies 90,000 yuan, full refund of the car model. "
Customers' car purchase supplementary contract shows that the car dealership will transfer 90,000 yuan to the car buyer's bank account within three months. (Posted on Weibo/Guting) Some netizens wrote in the Weibo comment area that if they say it, they must be fulfilled and do not live up to consumers. There are also comments, Dongfeng Citroen is a large enterprise, and speaking will be considered. Others say that the car has been returned with all the car and got the full amount.
** Government subsidy vehicle main model is not in place.
Mr. Tong, the owner of Wuhan, is a person in the automotive industry. He told this station on Thursday that it was not that car companies did not deliberately give subsidies, but that government finances were not subsidized to car companies, and government finance was insufficient. He said: "They have said that all of them (subsidies) were completed before August 15. The day before yesterday, the Hubei Provincial Government subsidized the car company. Saying (the government does not allocate funds), he said that he would offend the government.
This station called the Hubei Provincial Department of Finance on Thursday to inquire the phone, but no one answered.Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shuting, Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/gt-07062023022934.html 
Biden "Eagerly Looking forward to" Sweden joins NATO 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T02:48:11
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T02:48:11
Description: U.S. President Joe Biden said when he received the visited Swedish Prime Minister Christone, he said that he "eagerly expected" the Nordic country to join NATO.
Images: [" 2023-07-05T18... ", " image-2-16886... ", " image-3-16886... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '土耳其', '欧洲', '瑞典', '美国']
Type: Article
 U.S. President Joe Biden emphasized that the United States "complete, complete, and complete" supports Sweden's application for joining NATO(Reuters)U.S. President Joe Biden said when he received the visited Swedish Prime Minister Christone, he said that he "eagerly expected" the Nordic country to join NATO.
The White House once again called on Turkey to approve Sweden to join the alliance to join the alliance before Lithuania.
Bayon told reporters before the meeting on Wednesday, "I want to reiterate: the United States is complete, complete, and fully supports Sweden to join NATO. The bottom line is very simple -Sweden will make our alliance stronger."
The White House press secretary Karin Pills also urged Sweden to "as soon as possible to join NATO.
The leaders of the United States and Sweden held talks in Washington on the 5th, let-Pierre said, "Sweden is a powerful and capable defense partner. It has common values with NATO. Contribute to European security. "
Since Russia launched military operations in Ukraine last year, Sweden and its neighboring countries have begun to seek to join NATO. This military alliance led by the United States has a collective defense agreement, which means that the attack on any of its member states will be regarded as an attack on all member states.
 EU Leaders Summit: The primary agenda is to support Ukraine(news agency)On the 5th, Kristin thanked Biden for his "strong support" for Sweden to join NATO. He also said, "We do seek common protection, but we also believe that we can make contributions to become a security provider for the entire NATO."
The new country to join NATO needs to be unanimously agreed by the member states of the alliance. Finland has officially joined the alliance in April this year, but Sweden's application is still under trial.
Hungary and Turkey have not yet approved Sweden to join, but Turkey is regarded as the main obstacles in the process. Turkey has accused Sweden of providing a safe asylum for the "Kurdish Workers' Party", and the organization was identified as a "terrorist organization" by Turkey.
In June last year, Turkey, Sweden and Finland signed a so -called three -sided memo to solve Turkey's dissatisfaction with these banned armed groups. However, Turkey pointed out that Sweden has not yet fulfilled all the commitments in the agreement.
What further complicated the problem was that the extreme right -wing activists in Sweden burned the "Gurland Sutra" twice during this year's demonstration, which also angrily furious Turkey.
The Swedish government condemned the blasphemy of Islamic holy books, but allowed demonstrations to continue -the country's courts allowed such demonstrations to hold such demonstrations for the perspective of ensuring freedom of speech.
Turkish Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan criticized the country's protests in Burning of the Gulan last month. He said on Twitter, "A blind eye to this kind of brutal behavior is the same."
Earlier this week, Turkish President Erdogan also said that Turkey will insist on its position against Sweden.
He also emphasized, "We have clearly stated that it is our red line to resolutely crack down on terrorist organizations and Islamic phobia."
 EU Leaders Summit: The primary agenda is to support Ukraine(Peninsula TV Station)On the other hand, the United States rejected the act of burning the "Gulan", and also called on Turkey to approve Sweden to join NATO.
US State Department spokesman Wedante Patt said in June this year, "Burning religious classics is a lack of respect and harmful behavior, and legitimate behaviors are not necessarily appropriate."
At the same time, US officials have always called on Turkey to cancel against Sweden's opposition to NATO.
A few weeks of visiting the White House, Christeson met with US Secretary of State Anthony Brinchen in Sweden. Blint said at the time that he hoped that Sweden's process of joining NATO could be completed before the Lithuanian Summit planned on July 11.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/6/%e6%8b%9c%e7%99%bb%e6%80%a5%e5%88%87%e6%9c%9f%e5%be%85%e7%91%9e%e5%85%b8%e5%8a%a0%e5%85%a5%e5%8c%97%e7%ba%a6 
Demand continues to grow, why may oil prices fall? (Free version) 
Author: Bob Henderson
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T02:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T02:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-06T01:05:00.000Z
Description: Based on expectations for demand growth, people generally predict that oil prices will rise in the second half of this year. However, Morgan Stanley pointed out that supply growth is also "very strong."
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Based on expectations for demand growth, people generally predict that oil prices will rise in the second half of this year. But Morgan Stanley(Morgan Stanley)It is pointed out that supply growth is also "very strong."
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E9%9C%80%E6%B1%82%E4%B8%8D%E6%96%AD%E5%A2%9E%E9%95%BF-%E4%B8%BA%E4%BD%95%E6%B2%B9%E4%BB%B7%E5%8F%AF%E8%83%BD%E8%B5%B0%E4%BD%8E-6a5c375d 
The person in charge of the Pentagon announced after the highly watched disclosure incident, which announced the strengthening of control 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T02:57:39
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T02:57:39
Description: Changes include enhanced physical security and ensuring that the document will not be deleted by improperly.
Images: [" 1-1688611866.jpg ", " 2-1688611876.jpg ", " 3-1688611884.jpg "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '美国']
Type: Article
 U.S. Defense Minister Laud Austen outlines a plan to strengthen confidential information control(Associated Press)A series of incidents of a low -level soldier suspected of leakage angered US officials, and then Pentagon announced that plans to strengthen the control of confidential information.
After 45 days of departmental practice review, the Minister of Defense Laud Austen released a memorandum on Wednesday, July 5th on Wednesday, on Wednesday, summarizing the plan to strengthen the preservation of sensitive information for the Ministry of Defense.
No single failure was found for review.
But Austin said that this "determines that we can and must improve accountability measures to prevent damage to confidential national security information (CNSI), including internal threats."
The plan was formulated after being arrested after being arrested for publishing high -sensitive documents in a private chat group on the social media platform Discord, a 21 -year -old National Guard of Massachusetts.
These documents are quickly spread on the Internet and gradually reported by American media. It includes an embarrassing news about the US surveillance allies, as well as a frank assessment of the Russian Ukraine War and other countries.
Memorandum issued on Wednesday stipulates that the department's safe rooms (places to store and access confidential information) shall meet the supervision and follow -up standards of the intelligence community.
 What information is the leaked Pentagon's document telling us about the Ukrainian war?
The proposed changes include improving the level of physical security, appointment of "top -secret control officials", setting up new internal threat offices, and implementing electronic equipment detection systems in sensitive working areas.
Austin also instructed the National Defense Anti -Information and Security Bureau to formulate methods to quickly mark and convey concerns about personnel issues to local commanders.
A senior defense official who did not want to disclose his name told reporters that these changes aimed at sharing key information with the entire government to share key information with the entire government.
According to a report from the Office of the National Intelligence Director's Office in 2017, it is estimated that 4 million people hold US security permits, of which about 1.3 million people have been allowed to visit unique information.
Tiera joined the National Guard of the Air Force in 2019 and served as an "network transmission system expert", so he obtained a permission of secret security.
Prosecutors said Tiela started publishing sensitive information on the Internet by printing files. Later, he took the confidential documents from the base and took it home to take pictures.
He shared the information with a small group in the chat room of the game player social media platform Discord.
The court documents in the Tiera case showed that the supervisor had issued at least three warnings to him for improper obtaining confidential information, but did not take further action to restrict his permission or access.
 Men who are suspected of leakage in the Pentagon are accused of allegations based on the "Spy Law"(Peninsula TV Station)He did not plead for the six unintentional and transmission of confidential information related to the transmission of the six items last month. The Ministry of Justice stated that each accusation can be sentenced to a maximum 10 -year imprisonment, the maximum 3 -year supervision release, and a fine of $ 250,000.
The leaked files include a number of exposed inside story, including the United States' pessimistic evaluation of Ukraine's counterattack.
Another document states that the United States provides a lot of unconditional military assistance to Egypt each year, but Egyptian officials plan to provide artillery to Russia. At the same time, the third document shows that the United States is monitoring discussions on providing weapons to Ukraine in South Korea.
In addition, a document shows the assessment of the United States, saying that Moshard's senior leaders have "advocated" spy agencies and citizens participating in protests against the Israeli government's proposed judicial reform.
The leak was the worst -leak incident since Edward Snowden leaked the documents of the National Security Agency in 2013. It leads to a difficult question about how to grant security permits and how to supervise and access.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/6/%e4%ba%94%e8%a7%92%e5%a4%a7%e6%a5%bc%e8%b4%9f%e8%b4%a3%e4%ba%ba%e5%9c%a8%e5%a4%87%e5%8f%97%e5%85%b3%e6%b3%a8%e7%9a%84%e6%b3%84%e5%af%86%e4%ba%8b%e4%bb%b6%e5%90%8e%e5%ae%a3%e5%b8%83%e5%8a%a0%e5%bc%ba 
Washington has accused Iran of trying to seize two tankers in the Strait of the Holmus, Tehran deny 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T03:51:19
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T03:51:19
Description: On Wednesday, the US Navy, the U.S. Navy accused Iran's attempt to seize two tankers in Oman Gulf near the Strait of Holmus and stated that its troops frustrated the operation. A familiar Iranian military sources denied the matter.
Images: [" 1-1688614254.jpg "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '伊朗', '美国']
Type: Article
 A tanker hanging from the Korean flag earlier was detained by the Iranian Navy in the Gulf waters earlier(Anadoru News Agency)On Wednesday, the US Navy, the U.S. Navy accused Iran's attempt to seize two tankers in Oman Gulf near the Strait of Holmus and stated that its troops frustrated the operation. The British Maritime Trade Department stated that an oil tanker near the coast of Alman's capital was shot. On the other hand, according to the Iranian news agency, a informed Iranian military sources denied that Iranian ships tried to seize two tankers near the Strait of Holmus.
According to the Associated Press, the US Navy's Fifth Fleet spokesman Tim Hawkins stated in the news statement that earlier on the 5th, Iran tried to seize two commercial oil tankers near the Hormuz Strait, but the U.S. Navy responded to this. The incident responded.
He added that two Iranian ships tried to intercept the two tankers and explained to prevent being detained, "firing one of them."
He confirmed that the shooting of Iranian ships was injured or seriously damaged, and said that the Iranian Navy retreated after the U.S. Navy responded to the removal signal issued by the two navigable oil tankers.
Iranian authorities have not yet commented on the American version of the Oman Bay incident so far.
The U.S. Navy pointed out that Iran "detained at least 5 merchant ships in the past two years and intercepted several other vessels" and said that most of the events had happened in the Strait of Hormuz.
On the other hand, the National Security Council vowed to respond to Iran's invasion of the Washington Middle East allies during the comments.
shooting 
On the other hand, the British Maritime Trade Operation Department stated that on Wednesday, Wednesday, a tanker in the Gulf waters was shot, but it did not hurt the ship or its crew. The latest event in the incident.
The Royal Navy stated in a report on suspicious approaching incident that when the shooting occurred, the ship was located near the Alman capital Maskat Coast.
British Maritime Security Corporation Ambrey said the ship is a tanker hanging in the Bazhama national flag, which is owned by Greece and operated by an American company.
The company said that according to its own research, the ship was driving from the UAE to Singapore at the time, because the incident accelerated its speed and changed its direction.
Since 2019, during a period of tension between the United States and Iran, a series of attacks on cargo ships have occurred in the Gulf waters with important strategic significance. According to data from the Energy Analysis Company Vortexa, about one -fifth of the world's crude oil and petroleum products passed through the Holmus Strait.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/6/%e5%8d%8e%e7%9b%9b%e9%a1%bf%e6%8c%87%e8%b4%a3%e4%bc%8a%e6%9c%97%e8%af%95%e5%9b%be%e5%9c%a8%e9%9c%8d%e5%b0%94%e6%9c%a8%e5%85%b9%e6%b5%b7%e5%b3%a1%e6%89%a3%e6%8a%bc%e4%b8%a4%e8%89%98%e6%b2%b9%e8%bd%ae 
China's nuclear rise has caused concerns about the "three body problems" of nuclear weapons 
Creator: WILLIAM J. BROAD
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-06T03:57:56+08:00
Description: Atomic energy experts and military planners warn that with the rapid expansion of its nuclear arsenal, the world atomic superpower will increase from two to three. Destruction. Emiliano ponzi
Images: [" 27SCI-problem... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 Isaac Newton was difficult to hold. He was famous because he discovered how gravity condensed the universe together and used this knowledge to predict the movement of celestial bodies, such as the moon's trajectory around the earth. Now he is going to drag the gravity of the sun to try to improve his lunar forecast. However, this has caused the problem to deteriorate.
Newton's friend Edmond Harley Terminal This setback "has a headache, he often sleeps all night, so that he does not want to think about it again." The sense of frustration caused by this incident has made New Year's Newton more than once mentioned Essence
Now this is called three body problems " Essence It is scientific and science fiction It is well -known, and recently became a concern for atomic experts and military planners. They warned that with Beijing rapid expansion Its nuclear arsenal, the world's atomic superpower will increase from two to three. They also said that the consequences brought by this is that compared with the confrontation between Moscow and Washington 70 years ago, it now constitutes a new danger that is unimaginable.
In this era, it will encourage "the use of nuclear weapons in various countries in the crisis", a senior researcher of the New American Safety Center Little Andrew F. Clippivic Recent Warning Essence He takes the natural instability observed by physicists and astronomers as a pioneering.
advertise
Experts say that the trigen era may bring the risk of human survival. However, they also cited three lessons from nature -the first is the problems encountered by Newton -inspire the problems now, and propose the possibility of the future. However, so far, there has not been a very prominent answer. For nuclear military thinkers all over the world, this problem is no less than that of Newton.
"We are facing a problem," in the Obama administration, the Energy Minister and physicist responsible for the US nuclear military management Ernest J. Monitz explain. "We need to change the traditional thinking of the average potential weapon or strategic delivery system, but it is not clear what to do."
Once the president of the National Science Foundation, a celestial physicist Frank A. Cordowa Said that the research on the three -mana image in natural sciences can still help reveal military risks. "The current situation is changing rapidly," she said. "Everything that helps understands is good."
Eagle people who are concerned about security hopes to expand the nuclear arsenal in the United States to deal with China's nuclear rise and the threat brought by Beijing and Moscow. The pigeons saw the opportunity to reduce the three -body cut. They want to decompose the problem into smaller and easier to control. For example, they believe that Washington should negotiate with two superpowers to seek diplomatic connection and consolidate the stability of the bida.
The Biden government has recently called for further simplification. National Security Consultant Jack Sharvin Represents The response to the United States should focus more on the quality of the country's nuclear weapons rather than the quantity. He Say in a speech To successfully achieve attacks, the US military does not need to have a weapon that "exceeds all opponents in terms of quantity."
In daily life, the cluster consisting of two or three individuals seems to be irrelevant. Two friends and one person become three. Scientists refer to the sum of this part as a linear growth.
advertise
But in nature, "Three" has almost a magical power, which can breed chaos and become more than the sum of part. Scientists call it non -linear. In short, Newton's discovery is extremely frustrated: between "two" and "three", the complexity of intuition may increase.Unexpectedly, this chaotic leap is also reflected in the ocean and atmosphere of the earth, including vortex and giant vortex, tornado and hurricane. If the two rotating bodies are close, they will move forward along the line or go around each other.
"Once there are three, the situation will become more complicated immediately," an expert in fluid dynamics from the University of New York Michael J. Sheli express. "They may collide with each other. It will become very chaotic and unpredictable. This is a huge change."
Moreover, this chaotic growth also appears in human life, and the structure of the three can lead to surge in social complexity, especially in young families. Two children form a relationship. But the third child will lead to the formation between hands and feet seven types Relations: There are three types of relationships, three types of relationships, and one group of collective relationships. The two people are naturally at a disadvantage in quantity, and chaos will follow.
Although it is full of fear and crisis, the reason for the cold war to avoid the nuclear war is that its stable confrontation structure and astronomers observe the stability of the double star stability in the universe and the relatively simple relationship between the two children in the young families. similar.
The United States and the Soviet Union are in 1952 1955 The first round of thermal nuclear weapon test was conducted, and the most serious era of nuclear tensions started. The explosive power of these weapons is thousands of times that of Hiroshima atomic. The subsequent arms competition caused the fear of the cold war that might destruction of each other.(Dr.Strangelove)Mocure this.
Emiliano ponzi
Soon, the confrontation between the two sides used the force of force as a way to reduce the risk of conflict. The agreement reached by the negotiation requires that the United States and the Soviet Union are roughly equal, replacing the war with a stretch of tension, just like today's Russia and the United States.
"We get a stable equivalence," in Assistance University of California Management Losomos Weapon Laboratory Professor of Celestial Physics at the University of California Los Angeles William I. Newman express. "Any extension of this equation will exacerbate unstable."
advertise
The current imminent deviation is estimated by the Pentagon Building China produced 1500 nuclear warheads by 2035 plan of. If China has completed this goal, the total number of nuclear warheads will be five times that of "minimum deterrent power" that China has in more than half a century, and such nuclear capabilities will be paid together with Russia and the United States.
Newman calls the "stability" of this tritinal state far from the pole confrontation. Even so, the three body theorists still see some ways to avoid the consequences of unimaginable consequences.
For example, Crepiinevic last year in an article in "Foreign Affairs" point out Russia's economic and strategic significance may become insignificant, and the remaining powerful China and the United States will "explore new bipolar balances". The armed rebellion broke out last weekend not only proves the weakness of Moscow, but also shows that this super nuclear military country is facing a new unstable threat.
But on the other hand, the director of the Laramos weapon laboratory in New Mexico Sigifri S. Hock It is believed that the United States should treat these two hostile superpowers as independent entities.
On the issue of nuclear strategy, "I don't think Russia and China will come together," he said. "I think this is a relationship between the two poles." Heck also said that as the Ukrainian war intensified, the United States and Russia stopped interacting almost. Now it is "working with the Chinese" and establishing a good opportunity to establish a biomoto relationship.
The main concern of military planners is that China will not only be evenly matched in the number of weapons and the United States, but also reach a military agreement with Russia.
advertise
"We haven't seen (China and Russia) formed a comprehensive, solid, lasting, and stable geopolitical alliance," General President Mark A. Mili, the upcoming departure chief of staff. "Magazine Represents Essence "Will there be in the future? Maybe, we have to be vigilant, and we must do our best to ensure that this situation will not happen."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230706/3-body-problem-nuclear-china/ 
Sudan: The military implements UAV bombing the European Union to condemn the war for the rapid support forces in Came Moumoum and calls for accelerating the efforts of mediation 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T04:12:38
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T04:12:38
Description: The European Union strongly condemned the war of Sudan, condemned the conflict of the conflict to continue to refuse to seek a peaceful solution, and also emphasized that the extensive attack on civilians and the situation of opening up a new front in South Cordofan are worrying.
Images: [" 31053617-1688... ", " image-4-16886... ", " image-5-16886... "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '苏丹']
Type: Article
 There was a conflict between the blocks south of Katmome. At the same time(Anadoru News Agency)The European Union strongly condemned the war of Sudan, condemned the conflict of the conflict to continue to refuse to seek a peaceful solution, and also emphasized that the extensive attack on civilians and the situation of opening up a new front in South Cordofan are worrying.
At the same time, a fierce conflict broke out in multiple blocks south of Khamoum in Sudan's rapid support forces and the Sudan military. The Sudan military announced that the use of drones bombarded the fast support forces located in Endaman's stronghold.
In a statement, the EU emphasized that it is necessary to conduct mediation efforts to achieve permanent ceasefire in order to ensure the protection of the Sudan people without delay.
In addition, he also warned that any external interference will extend the duration of this conflict and threaten the humanitarian situation and destroy the stability of the region.
 Sudan explosion conflict(news agency)
Attempt coup 
Sudan Foreign Minister Ali Sadik made a speech at the Foreign Minister of Foreign Minister of Foreign Ministers held in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, saying that Sudan is experiencing the consequences of the "attempted coup" and saying that the attempt coup is the Sudan's rapid support forces in the rebellion. The country's ruling authorities launched later.
He also added that the coup at an attempt to transform into a "comprehensive military aggression" designed to destroy the country.
The Sudan Foreign Minister called for not the alliance campaign to support Sudan during this difficult period, condemned Sudan's rapid support of the army's aggression, and regarded it as a crime that endangered the country and blatantly violated international law. "
According to the Sudan sovereignty committee, the Chairman of the Sudan Sovereignty Committee and the commander -in -chief of the Army, Bohan, received a call from Somali President Hassan Shech Mahamist on the 6th. Bulhan reiterated the position of the Sudan government in the call, that is, Reject Kenya as chairman of the Quartet Committee that resolves the Sudan crisis. It should be pointed out that the committee was generated at the Summit of the Intergovernmental Development Organization (Igat), hosted by Djibouti.
bombing 
In terms of field, fierce conflicts broke out around the industrial zones in southern Khamoum, as well as the blocks around the neighborhoods such as Rimler, Hilajidida, etc., and also over the capital of fighter aircraft.
In addition, a few days after the Sudan military pushed its special forces into Ensiman, a fierce battle broke out in the area.
A reporter from the Peninsula TV station pointed out that the military drone bombed the fast -supporting force located in the southern part of Ensiman. At the same time, witnesses said that the military continued to use heavy and light weapons to carry out sweeping operations. Come out the fast -supporting troops from the houses of the local residents.
The Sudan military's military media pointed out that the special task force launched military operations in Enshman and fled the armed personnel of the fast support forces to collect a armored vehicle and some heavy weapons.
In addition, a Sudan military sources in the Jabar Oli military region in southern Khamme said that after controlling the Kazn Jarbar Olia Bridge, Sudan military members successfully seized after fighting the rapid support forces after fighting for the fast support forces. Some vehicles of the troops quickly support the troops and collect drugs and civic property.
 Sudan explosion conflict(news agency)
Expand the War 
At the same time, a reporter from the Peninsula TV station quoted Sudan's security department sources as saying that after the rapid support for the rapid support forces in Khatoumou, they planned to expand the scope of war in the northern and eastern part of the country.
The same sources said that the Sudan authorities recently monitored the activity of fast support forces intelligence personnel -they penetrated into the Nile, which is adjacent to Khamoum, and worked in farms and marginal industries to collect intelligence and plan on the planning framework of the unit. Prepare for military operations.
Sources explained that the Sudan authorities have detained members of the fast support forces in some farms and transit points near the Nile State and Atebara City -they have monitoring military areas and strategic facilities, and hold weapons and weapons and weapons and ammunition.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/7/6/%e8%8b%8f%e4%b8%b9%e5%86%9b%e6%96%b9%e5%9c%a8%e5%96%80%e5%9c%9f%e7%a9%86%e5%af%b9%e5%bf%ab%e9%80%9f%e6%94%af%e6%8f%b4%e9%83%a8%e9%98%9f%e5%ae%9e%e6%96%bd%e6%97%a0%e4%ba%ba%e6%9c%ba%e8%bd%b0 
Talent loss may laid hidden dangers for China's future development 
Author: Nathaniel Taplin
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T04:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T04:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-06T02:59:00.000Z
Description: In a new era with slower economic growth, high unemployment rates, and populism, Chinese citizens, including many high net worth individuals, are increasingly considered to move abroad.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001030950
Type: Article
Is China open the door to the world again, or is it re -"closing the country"?
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BA%BA%E6%89%8D%E6%B5%81%E5%A4%B1%E6%81%90%E4%B8%BA%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%9C%AA%E6%9D%A5%E5%8F%91%E5%B1%95%E5%9F%8B%E4%B8%8B%E9%9A%90%E6%82%A3-5f618add 
Yellen's trip to China is facing a major test of economic diplomacy 
Creator: ALAN RAPPEPORT
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-06T04:54:20+08:00
Description: Yellen has tried to relieve the increasing trust between China and the United States for many years. She needs to convince Chinese officials that a series of measures to prevent China from obtaining sensitive technologies such as semiconductors in the name of national security are not to damage the Chinese economy. Kenny Holston/The New York Times Treasury Minister Yellen visited Beijing this week. It is expected that she will explain to China that US economic measures are not to incite a wider economic war.
Images: [" 06dc-yellen-0... "]
Category: 美国
Type: Article
 At the beginning of 2021, at the nomination confirmation hearing of the Minister of Finance Jennite Yellen, she had a strong attitude towards China, calling it the most important strategic competitors in the United States, and promised to fight against China's "bad, unfair and illegal approach. "She said that these practices hurt American companies and workers.
Since then, Yellen has adhered to economic pragmatism at the time of the Bayeng government with a gentle voice, and when the world economy responded to inflation and weak growth. The Treasury Minister protested against China's human rights records, calling on the US supply chain to more diversified, and it is important to recognize the protection of national security.
However, she is also the most important person in supporting the maintenance of economic relations with China. She opposes tariffs and urges to implement new restrictions on investment in China. She has recently warned that the two economies are decoupled Catastropically ” Essence
Yellen will arrive in Beijing on Thursday In real time in real -time response conflicts of interest during the four -day visit. Yellen tried to relieve between China and the United States Disputes that have been increasing over the years This is the first time she visited China as a financial minister, representing her most challenging tests she faced in economic diplomacy so far.
advertise
Yellen's challenge is to convince Chinese officials that a series of measures to prevent China from obtaining sensitive technologies such as semiconductors in the name of national security are not to harm the Chinese economy. This is not an easy task, because both countries are continuing to set up new trade and investment barriers.
The Biden government is preparing to implement new restrictions on the implementation of the US -China technology trade, which may include advanced chip And Investment in the United States in China Further restrictions. According to people familiar with the matter, it seems that the upcoming provisions may also limit Chinese companies to obtain cloud computing services in the United States to make up for the loopholes in restricting China's advanced artificial intelligence chip.
This week, the Beijing reported restrictions on semiconductors' restrictions on semiconductors announced that it would restrict the export of specific key minerals for the production of certain chips.
Before the visit, Yellen met with the Chinese ambassador Xie Feng in Washington. The Ministry of Finance said that the two sides had a frank dialogue, and Yellen proposed a "concerned question." According to the minutes of talks issued by the Chinese Embassy, Xie Feng explained China's opposition to the US trade practices and urged the United States to take measures to solve these problems.
At the meeting held in Beijing, Yellen is expected to explain the measures that the Biden government has taken the dependence of the US economy to China and the measures to attract more key materials in the United States. Wide economic war. China continues to hold nearly $ 1 trillion in US debt and is the third largest trading partner in the United States. Suddenly cutting off relationships may bring catastrophic consequences to the two countries and the global economy.
"I think she will calmly and rationally show that this has nothing to do with it.(https://www.iif.com/Administration/Staff-and-Authors/uid/41/TimAdams)express. "This is actually to determine the tone of cooperation and show that the United States is still interested in contacting China in terms of trade and investment."
advertise
For decades, the Ministry of Finance has been the US government agency that has been the most effort to maintain friendly relations with China. Wall Street is the main supporter of the Ministry of Finance. In the 1990s, he tried to win the opportunity to enter the Chinese market through negotiations to join the World Trade Organization in China. After China joined the WTO in 2002, Wall Street and the Ministry of Finance urged China to accelerate the pace of truly open markets.
Beijing finally agreed to allow foreign investors to hold more shares in insurance, banking and securities business This is part of a series of concessions made by the trade war with the Trump administration, but failed to succeed.
Although this is the first visit to China as a financial minister, she is no stranger to China. While serving as the President of San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank, she kept regular contact with Chinese officials. When she served as the Fed Chairman from 2014 to 2018, she would meet with the Central Bank of China officials at the International Conference.
Zhoushan Port, Zhejiang. China is the third largest trading partner in the United States. Suddenly cutting off trade relations may bring catastrophic consequences to the two countries and the global economy. Agence France-PRESSE-GettyImages
Yellen's qualifications as the college's economist make her a welcoming messenger in Beijing.
Craig Allen, chairman of the National Committee of the US -China Trade National Committee, said: "They like her very much because she looks at the world from an economic perspective, and they like this very much."
Traditional Foundation China Strategic Senior Researcher Bai Bangrui(Michael Pillsbury)It is said that Chinese officials regard Yellen as a reason for rationality. They hope that she can prove to the others of the Biden government that the United States should cancel new investment restrictions and reduce tariffs.
advertise
"They want Jennit to help," Bai Bangrui, a senior adviser to the Trump administration in China. "They regard her as a friend in China.""Tariffs are taxing consumers," In 2021, Yellen told the New York Times Essence "In my opinion, in some cases, our approach hurts American consumers, and the agreement reached by the last government negotiations does not solve the fundamental problem between us and China."
The Office of the US Trade Representative is still carefully studying these tariffs, and Yellen acknowledge that these tariffs are unlikely to be canceled quickly.
Yellen's ability to establish a deeper relationship with Beijing may become complicated due to the current political situation.
Chinese spy balloon The incidents that were shot down in the Atlantic Ocean caused people's concerns about China. The upcoming presidential election may also exacerbate anti -China remarks, because candidates want to show a tough image of China, which is conducive to winning votes. Republicans have always increased their contact with the United States for contact with China.
advertise
Before this trip, Secretary of State Brillin visited China last month Essence Climate Special Envoy Cry is expected to visit Beijing soon.
The House of Representatives US and the Communist Party of China and the Communist Party of China and the Republican Republic of Wisconsin Michael Garrat have accused the Bayeon government of accusing the Bayeon government's export restrictions on the export of Chinese telecommunications giants and the sanctions on Chinese officials who infringe on Xinjiang Uyghur human rights. He believes that when the Bayeng government pursues the "zombie interaction" with the CCP, China's behavior becomes worse.
"After the Secretary of State Brills left Beijing, his schedule said almost no results. If more cabinet officials such as Treasury Secretary Yellen were dispatched again, this vicious cycle would continue permanently. "
Republican presidential candidates such as Nikki Heili warned that China is preparing for the "war" with the United States. Therefore, Yellen is more urgent to find the way to maintain communication channels with Chinese officials. No major breakthrough.
"Chinese people know the election cycle of the United States very much. In my opinion, this is part of the reason they are willing to be more open," said Eswal Plazad, the former head of the Chinese Ministry of the International Monetary Fund. "Treasury Secretary Yellen and the Chinese want to return to such a state, that is, at least some economic relations are regarded as positive and game, not zero -sum games."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/usa/20230706/janet-yellen-china-treasury/ 
Several Hong Kong people suspected of gold aid overseas wanted criminals were arrested 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T04:55:00Z
Description: The Hong Kong police arrested four former members of Hong Kong on the 5th and accused them of "punishing Mee" through the online mall to absorb funds to help overseas fugitives. Sources said that the fugitives pointed out by the police were eight democratic Hong Kong people who had been wanted and rewarded heavy a few days ago. On the morning of the 6th, a Hong Kong man was arrested at the Hong Kong Airport for suspected violation of the National Security Law.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['谷歌', '香港', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议']
Keywords: ['香港', '黄色经济圈', '海外港人', '通缉犯', '香港众志', '香港国安法']
Id: 66130659
On July 5th, the former Hong Kong chairman Lin Langyan was arrested by the national security police for suspected "stringing foreign forces".
(Voice of Germany Chinese Network) The National Security Office of the Hong Kong Police Department on Wednesday (July 5) On the grounds of suspected violation of the National Security Law , Arrested four members of the currently dissolved political party "Hong Kong Zhi Zhi". Police said the four were suspected of using the online platform behind the scenes to use the funds to support the wanted fugitives.
According to the Ming Pao, on the evening of the 5th, a large number of police officers raided a industrial center in Hong Kong and arrested these four men aged 26 to 28. They are all core members of the Hong Kong people, including the former chairman. Lin Langyan. Lin Langyan was charged with the police headquarters during the anti -repair example. He was sentenced to 7 months and was released from prison the year before.
At 7 pm on the same day, the port police have successively found at least 20 to 30 boxes of evidence, including a kanban marked by the mobile app "Punish Club (Mee CLUB, the old version of the Mee punishment) logo. According to the police, the arrested people established the application after the dissolution of the Hong Kong people, and operated behind the scenes through a consultant company to support funds to support "escape overseas people to engage in activities that endanger Guoan."
In addition, the police searched the residence and office of the arrested person in accordance with the court's order, and said that the arrested persons were repeatedly arrested for the seized documents and electronic communication tools.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/邝颂晴最大的改变是不再有表达的自由/a-66083995)Try to stimulate "the hatred of others to the central and Hong Kong governments", and then supports Hong Kong's independence.
Based on the above -mentioned physical evidence, the police then ruled up the four of these four people with crimes such as "collusion with foreign or overseas forces to endanger national security" and "conspiracy to make incitement diagrams". Hong Kong media reports that similar search has occurred in Hong Kong, and more people will be arrested.
According to the Radio of Hong Kong, on the morning of the 6th, the National Security Department of the Hong Kong Police Department was suspected of violating the "Hong Kong National Security Law" "conspiracy colluding foreign or overseas forces to endanger national security" and "the actions of inciting diagrams". A 24 -year -old man was arrested at Hong Kong Airport. It is reported that the arrested man was Zhu Enhao, a former member of the Hong Kong Standing Committee. He was ready to take a plane to Taiwan and was arrested at the Hong Kong Airport.
It is reported that police actions continue and do not rule out that more people are arrested.
In the "Hong Kong National Security Law" for more than 3 years, many people have been arrested by the authorities. The picture shows the 26th anniversary of mourning Hong Kong's return in Taiwan on July 1.
"Punishment Mee"? 
According to reports, the mobile phone application involved in the case "Punishment Mee" was regarded as a "anti -government" platform by the Hong Kong police. It lists catering or merchants that are regarded as "yellow shops". Users can earn points or earn points or earn points or earn points or earn points. Printing can also be purchased online through "Mee online store".
After the anti -repair campaign in Hong Kong, the phenomenon of "yellow economic circle" appears: anti -repair supporters and demonstrators will prioritize merchants with similar political opinions and concepts when consumed. The government and identification of the draft amendments to the Fugm Regulations or the stores that support the Hong Kong police are commonly known as the "Blue Store".
The Hong Kong Police accused the arrested 4 people calling on a number of "yellow shops" on "Punishment Mee", thereby strengthening the momentum. In this regard, Zhu Jiangwei, a former Hong Kong District Councilor, told Ming Pao that the material platform "Migratory Bird" he founded himself also sold on "Punishment Mee". Each piece of products was sold, and the platform would take 20 % of the commission, but now now Poor prosperity, not sure how the platform has surplus to fund others.
Tang Jiazheng, a senior barrister in Hong Kong, said that the crime of this case is to prove that the money involved in the case is used for illegal behavior, but in general, commercial transactions do not need to explain the use of income to the other party, so the National Security Department may not have enough evidence.
Case may involve 8 wanted Hong Kong people 
Hong Kong media such as "Hong Kong 01" quoted anonymous news reports that the "Escape Overseas People" that the police called Golden aid was 8 overseas democrats who were wanted by the Hong Kong police and rewarded with a reward of 1 million Hong Kong dollars each , Including former Legislative Council Member of the Legislative Council, chairman of the Hong Kong Zhongzhi Creation Party Luo Guancong Essence
The eight people were charged with "inciting division of the country", "inciting subversion of the state power", and "colluding foreign or overseas forces to endanger national security", and at the same time preached "Hong Kong independence" and "Taiwan independence" overseas. It is reported that these crimes can be sentenced to a maximum of life imprisonment.
On Tuesday (4th), the Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao stated that the crime of suspected violation of the "National Security Law" was very serious. The Hong Kong police would do their best to start a "lifelong hunt" on these wanted criminals and persuaded the eight people to lead themselves. "Farewell".
However, before the deadline, Hong Kong officials have not confirmed whether the gold aid target referred to the case is the eight wanted overseas democrats. According to reports, after eight Hong Kong policemen wanted to fight against Hong Kong people, they had started to combat the "yellow economic circle" in the Hong Kong area to comprehensively cut off the capital chain of "escape overseas anti -Chinese chaos".
(Reuters, Ming Pao, Hong Kong 01)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/涉嫌金援海外通緝犯-数名港人被捕/a-66130659?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The extremely difficult choice in Taiwan: Become Ukraine or Hong Kong? (Free version) 
Author: Yaroslav Trofimov / Joyu Wang
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T05:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T05:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T10:02:00.000Z
Description: The people of Taiwan are closely paying attention to every new trend of the Russian and Ukraine War. Although their resistance to Ukraine is almost generally sympathetic, the conclusions of Taiwan's own future are very different.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001030027
Type: Article
The people of Taiwan have been paying close attention to every new trend of the Russian and Ukraine War. Although their resistance to Ukraine is almost generally sympathetic, the conclusions of the future of Taiwan themselves are very different.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%8F%B0%E6%B9%BE%E6%9E%81%E9%9A%BE%E7%9A%84%E9%80%89%E6%8B%A9-%E6%88%90%E4%B8%BA%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E8%BF%98%E6%98%AF%E9%A6%99%E6%B8%AF-1807f427 
Vietnam high -level and China -US interaction frequently require both US aircraft carriers and connect to the Chinese high -speed rail 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-06T05:11:18.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T05:11:18.000Z
Description: According to analysis, after the rise of the United States and Vietnam, in recent years, it has not only become more closely related to economic and trade relations, but also has common concerns about Beijing's military expansion in the South China Sea. Vietnam's sovereignty on China has always expressed protests.
Images: [" _116606499_hi... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['中美关系', '南海', '中國', '美国', '越南', '军事']
Type: Article
Vietnamese high -level and China -US interaction frequently requires both US aircraft carriers and connecting the Chinese high -speed rail 
5:11 am on July 6, 2023![] Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Ruan Fuzhong has been in the Supreme Leadership of the Vietnam for more than 20 years. In October 2022, the General Secretary of the Vietnam Communist Party visited China to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping. It was the first foreign dignitaring to visit Beijing after the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Beginning in May this year, Vietnam frequently protested due to the activities of a Chinese scientific examination ship in the South China Sea. On June 25, the USS Ronald Reagan Reagan Reagan's "Ronald Reagan" visited the Honggang of the Central Town in central Vietnam to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the "comprehensive partnership" of the United States and Vietnam. 
Some analysts said that after the rise of China, the United States and Vietnam not only became increasingly closer to economic and trade relations, but also had a common concern for Beijing's military expansion in the South China Sea. Vietnam has always expressed protests on China's sovereign demands in the South China Sea. This week's American film "Barbie", which is about to be released in the country, has been blocked because it appears as a "South China Sea Nine Section Line" map.
Does Vietnam turn to the "pro -American Anti -China" route because of the South China Sea issue? The answer may not be. Many studies have recently pointed out that Washington has urgent to win Hanoi. Because for the senior management of the Vietnam Communist Party, it is the number one event to maintain the regime. Associate Researcher Bill Hayton told the US media.
Professor Tuongvu, director of the US -Vietnam Research Center of the University of Oranga, also said that for the high -level senior management of the Vietnam, the dispute in the South China Sea is not as important as the outside world thinks. He told BBC Chinese: "They (Yue Communist Party) hate this issue because it threatens the survival of the regime, which is what they really care about. At the same time, they try to use this issue to gain benefits from the United States, including assistance and entering the US market Opportunity."
For the first time in the United States, China claims in the "Nine Section Line" in the South China Sea, accusing China of "illegal" operations Vietnamese exports further leading Shenzhen's discussion that caused too much prevention in China China Soft Power: "Red Sea Action" touch the Vietnam sensitive area * The General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Ruan Fuzhong rarely re -elected will become the "core" of the Vietnamese version of the power. 
However, Harrisonpretat, an associate researcher at the US Think Tank Strategy and International Research Center (CSIS), believes that "Vietnam want He told BBC that the South China Sea is particularly important to Vietnam, especially involving offshore energy resources. However, between Vietnam needs to be balanced between maintaining political and economic relations with China and the South China Sea issues. He said that if the interaction between Hanoi and the United States is considered too friendly or supported by the US regional strategy that is regarded as anti -China, it may take the risk of damage to Beijing.
In October 2022, the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam met Ruan Fuzhong met with Chinese President Xi Jinping. He was the first foreign dignitaries to visit Beijing after the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. At the end of June, at the same time when Liden visited Langang, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh was invited by Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang to arrive in Beijing and started his first visit to China after he took office.
When Fan Mingzheng met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on June 27, he rarely mentioned the possibility of researching and developing high -speed railway cooperation between the two countries. At the same time, he called on China to continue to accelerate the opening of Vietnamese agricultural products into the Chinese market. According to the Taiwan Media Central News Agency, in the past, during the high -level and high -level meetings of the Yue, Yuefang repeatedly mentioned the willingness to increase the volume of bilateral railways, but it publicly mentioned that the plan to connect the high -speed railway between the two countries is quite rare. Xi Jinping stated that he was willing to import more Vietnamese products. At the same time, he called on "the two parties should jointly oppose the 'detachable chain' and oppose the generalization of economic and scientific and technological issues."
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
In April this year, US Secretary of State Brills visited Vietnam to meet with Ruan Fuzhong to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the "comprehensive partnership" of the United States and Vietnam.
American playing Vietnam? 
The Reagan aircraft carrier visited Vietnam's port at the end of June. This is the third visit since the end of the Vietnam War. Treatment of the attention of all walks of life and Beijing's warnings.
Pretta told BBC that the visit was an important sign of the United States and Vietnam's coordination and enhancement, indicating that Vietnam welcomed the United States' navy in the region (compared with China's opposition). Liden's visit to Langang was after the South China Sea dispute occurred in the Vietnam. At that time, the Chinese ship sailed in the exclusive economic zone of Vietnam at that time. The analysis may be to challenge Vietnam's oil and natural gas mining.
Su Ziyun, a researcher at the "Institute of Defense Security" in Taiwan's official think tank, said that from the perspective of geographical strategy, Vietnam is the last puzzle that surrounds China. He analyzed that Donaldtrump's strategy during Trump was to attract Vietnam and North Korea to block China in close range. During the Bayeng period, it gave up North Korea and focused on consolidating South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, and the Philippines. Therefore, Vietnam became the last geographical puzzle of Biden. Su Ziyun emphasized that Vietnam is facing the South China Sea, so geographical importance is second only to the first island chain country facing the Pacific "outer rays", but it is still attractive for Russia and China of the "inside line". Rent the naval base at Jinlan Bay as the southern base of its Pacific Fleet.
Image source, @Spokespersonchn Twitter
Image adding text,Professor Su believes that Vietnam's strategic attitude is to play an American brand "may even accept US military aid." Therefore, in the Latin American system of Hanoi, the former colonial country France dispatched military aircraft for short -term visits to the station, which is obviously a strategy of power balance.
Su Ziyun told the BBC that the US -Vietnam security relations will be closer. For example, former US President Obama (Obama, Obama) canceled restrictions on Vietnamese military sales in 2016. After taking office, Trump began to provide unpaid military aid for Vietnam, with a total of 92 million US dollars in 2022. "With the poor performance of the Russian military reserve in Ukraine, this makes Vietnam's future military reserve may turn to the West (India has already appeared this effect), which will be more beneficial to the expansion of the United States with the security and military cooperation with Vietnam. The net is further carried out, "he said. However, Price told the BBC that the interview of the Riden may not be as important as the outside world. Because, in a sense, this may be made up for an interview, because Vietnam canceled a plan last year.
In addition, the United States has always hinted that Hanoi is willing to upgrade bilateral relations to "strategic partnerships."
However, some analysts said that the Vietnamese cards that the United States played in order to block China is not as successful as the outside world, or there is still a long way to go.
Haydn at the Chartham Institute said, "Vietnamese leadership is Leninist who regards the democracy supported by the United States as the biggest threat. Compared with the United States, China's problem is insignificant."
The latest published "Economist" refers to Vietnam, India and Taiwan as Beijing's opponents in Asia. However, many analysis believes that the economic connection between Vietnam and China is too deep, and it is impossible to join the United States to block China.
Professor Zacharyabuza, a professor at the National War of the Washington National War, said in an interview with VOA that Beijing was confident that "Vietnam knew that he was an independent actor and firmly refused to take any action to be considered to be hostile to China by Beijing." He suggested that the White House must recognize the sensitive issues that Hanoi cares about, "it cannot be clearly improved to improve Vietnamese relations with China."
From these analysis, the United States is looking forward to upgrading relations with Vietnam this year, from the third diplomatic level of Hanoi to the second level (China, India, Russia and South Korea is the first level), which seems to be unlikely to meet the standards under the influence of Beijing. The United States is the main investment country of Vietnam, the largest export market in Vietnam, but China is the largest trading partner in Vietnam, which is also vital to Vietnam's manufacturing industry.
Vietnam frequently discovered the Chinese smuggling, the authorities strengthened border control The Great Wall of Sand Fort in China "exacerbated the US -China confrontation China's geopolitical forces and the Mekong Ecological Holocaust 
Image source, Google/Digital Globe
Image adding text,
In 2020, Xisha District and Nansha District, Sansha City, Hainan Province, China, caused a rebound in Vietnam and issued a statement to protest. The United States, which deployed the Indo -Pacific strategy, also responded. The Xisha Islands are under actual control of China.
Reuters quoted Vietnamese officials that although the United States hopes that the upgrading of diplomatic relations with Vietnam is largely symbolic, "but Vietnam's leaders are hesitant and worry about China may retaliate." (Bicht. Tran) Tell Reuters, "Considering the intensified competition between China and the United States and the distance between China and Vietnam, Hanoi may not want to formally upgrade a comprehensive partnership with Washington."
Dr. Huynh Tamsang, the National University of Ho Chi Minh City, Tamsang, told BBC Chinese that in order to offset China's increasing pressure in the South China Sea region, Hanoi now really requires the support of the United States, especially in terms of security and defense. But the leaders of Hanoi also need China's political support to maintain and strengthen the status and legality of the Vietnamese Communist Party: "I believe that Vietnam will continue to take a hedging strategy." He said that the connection between Hanoi and Beijing due to ideology and economic exchanges are connected. Being close, becoming an American allies at the expense of Sino -Vietnam relations will undoubtedly cause criticism and revenge from Beijing leaders.
Professor Wu Youxiang University of Orean University believes that, in fact, for many years, there have been no qualitative changes in the relations between the United States and China and the Vietnam. For example, every summer, Zhongnanhai dispatched some ships to the disputed area of the South China Sea to declare sovereignty, while Hanoi responded symbolically, so that the outside world believes that they care about the South China Sea issue. "Vietnam wants the United States to maintain expectations, and hope that in the future, it can establish a closer relationship with Vietnam, so that they will not criticize Vietnam's increasingly obvious human rights violations." He told the BBC.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Vietnam's economic achievements have been quite eye -catching in recent years.
Vietnamese folk attitude towards China 
According to Pewresaerch's investigation in recent years, Vietnamese folk attitude towards the Chinese government has become deeper and deeper. A survey released by the center in August 2017 shows that Vietnam is the country in the Asia -Pacific region, the most unreasonable country in China, surpassing Japan, which has been in harmony with China for a long time. Only 10%of Vietnam's respondents like China. Moreover, the Pew report pointed out that Vietnam ranked first among countries that regarded "China's economic power growth" as bad things. At the same time, when asked about Xi Jinping's positive impact on the global international situation, Vietnamese are the worst confidence among all countries.
Analysis of the rise of the Vietnamese society's anti -China atmosphere. Professor Huang Qiongzheng, a research expert at the University of Political Science of Taiwan, pointed out that in Vietnam in authoritarian countries, the lack of civic society, and the people's anti -China attitude has been led by the government, and in recent years, it has become increasingly strengthened. But she emphasized that the Vietnamese folk anti -medium atmosphere did not happen after the rise of China.
After that, after the Vietnam of Vietnam ruled Vietnam, the operation became more and more obvious, "even shaking the relationship between Vietnam." Professor Huang emphasized that the official Chinese policy is inconsistent with folk emotions and has caused many contradictions. In other words, Hanoi often needs to face the problems of how to balance the "consolidation of the people's hearts" and "national interests".
For example, in the anti -mid -to -medium atmosphere, if the Vietnamese government is unable to justice to Beijing, the people's disappointment with the government will also fight against the Vietnamese government. For example, in 2014, when China moved the drilling platform HD981 to Vietnam, Vietnam believed that there was a sea area where the ownership had the right to belong to the Chinese area, and many foreign factories in Pingyang Province in the south were destroyed, and the government took a laissez -faire attitude. In June 2018, the people of Vietnam believed that the newly launched "Special Economic Zone Law" will be preferentially treated in China, causing tens of thousands of people to protest on the streets and shocked Hanoi high -level.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-66109659 
The martial arts case is a case of Zhang Hai's case and faced the official lawyer of the official 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T06:06:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T12:36:49-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Zhang Hai, the family member of the new crown pneumonia. RFA data photo. Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-07062023060635.html/@@stream Zhang Hai, the family member of the new crown pneumonia, has been arrested for nearly five months. It is understood that after Zhang Hai was officially arrested, the case was taken over by an official lawyer and was sent back to the police by the Procuratorate to investigate. Families in Shenzhen are inconsistent with the authorities on hiring lawyers.
Try to pursue the truth of the new crown, Wuhan people Zhang Hai involved in provocative trouble and was approved * Difficulties in Wuhan's new crown due to public support of "White Hair Movement" has been officially arrested by Zhang Hai ** Persist in the authority to account for the new crown, the new crown is limited by Zhang Hai Bank account Zhang Hai, who was arrested in Shenzhen more than four months ago, is currently being held in Wuhan Second Detention Center. Following the outside world, he was transferred to the detention center to be monitored and even treated with inhumane whether he was transferred to the detention center.
Lin Shengliang, an disagreement in the Netherlands, said that Zhang Hai's family members have not yet received a notice of arrest and want to hire a lawyer by themselves.
Lin Shengliang: "A Guozao, a surname, took two policemen to Shenzhen to grab him (Zhang Hai) back to Wuhan. Before Wuhan Hanyang Detention Center, whether to settle in the surveillance and residence of the residence does not rule out this possibility. Indeed, it is true. It is his family members who have not received any legal documents. Now there is an official official lawyer who has not given him to the meeting (Zhang Hai). It is said that the police are not approved to meet on the grounds of investigation. "
The dismissal person Lin Shengliang (pictured) revealed that the Zhanghai case has been taken over by the official lawyer. (Lin Shengliang is exclusively provided, the shooting date is unknown) It is understood that the Wuhan Procuratorate had officially arrested Zhang Hai with the crime of "provoking trouble", and then sent the case back to the police to re -investigate.
Lin Shengliang: "It is possible that the guilty of his specified crimes is inconsistent with the actual so -called criminal facts. The other possibility is that the charges match the facts, but because the evidence is insufficient, it is possible. Leading the case, it may be more understood as acting as an "iron case". "
Zhang Hai's wife has considered divorce under pressure 
From an incident in Zhang Hai to now, his family members in Shenzhen have been holding his mouth like a bottle. Lin Shengliang said that Zhang Hai's wife has always been running for her husband's affairs, but because he was afraid of work and his family, he deliberately kept low -key.
Lin Shengliang: "As far as I know, his wife is going to school in Shenzhen because she has a child. She is worried that it will affect her son, and the relevant departments put pressure on him. As far as I know, his wife is about to defend her rights because of Zhang Hai, In order not to influence your child, you have considered divorce. "
Zhang Hai, who died of a new crown pneumonia, insisted on holding the authority and requesting compensation to the authorities before being arrested, and repeatedly interviewed overseas media in the new crown epidemic in China. During Wuhan's "White Hair Movement", he reposted relevant videos and reports on social media.
Wuhan citizen Gao Fei (pictured) believes that the authorities pointed their finger at Zhang Hai because of his perseverance in defending rights. (Exclusive provided by Gao Fei, the shooting date is unknown) Wuhan citizen Gao Fei believed that the authorities pointed the spear head to Zhang Hai because he persisted in defending his rights.
Gao Fei: "Following the public for the father and supporting the political movement in the society, of course, part of the reason. The most important reason is that his position is firm. If he (the authorities) are tough, they will directly follow you with you Calculate the general ledger. They also have (political tasks).
Reporter: Gao Feng blame: Chen Meihua Xu Shuting 梒 网 网 Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-07062023060635.html 
Free Version of Emerging Economy 
Authors: ['鲁吉•夏尔马']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T06:17:15+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T02:16:99+08:00
Description: Charma: The term "toughness" is now widely used to describe the US economy, but emerging economies staged a more surprising tough story.
Images: [" 000186628_pic... "]
Themes: ['观点', '新兴市场', '关注']
Keywords: ['新兴市场', '全球经济', '货币政策']
Type: Article
 _This author is Rockefeller International Company(Rockefeller International)Chairman _
"Toughness" is one of the popular words this year. The word is now widely used to describe the US economy. Although interest rates have risen for decades, the US economy continues to avoid decline and promote global economic growth. But in developing countries, there is a more surprising tough story.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100178 
Russian television slammed the leader of Wagner Poligon, saying that the rebellion survey is in progress 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T06:20:18
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T06:20:18
Description: Russia-1, Russia's National Television Channel, aired a program that called the leader of Wagner as a "traitor" in the show and stated that criminal investigations against the rebellion continued.
Images: [" 1-1688623382.jpg ", " 2-1688623389.jpg ", " 3-1688623398.jpg ", " 4-1688623407.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 On June 24, 2023, Wagner's mercenaries Leader Yofgeni Porigo was allowed to record video speeches after the Occupy Russon River Rostef City(Associated Press)Russia's national television station violently attacked Wagner's mercenary exile leader Yfgeni Porigo, saying that the short -term rebellion of the private army against the Moscow's military leadership was still ongoing.
In a program called "60 minutes" broadcast on Wednesday, July 5th, Russia's National TV Channel Russia-1, Wagner's leaders were labeled with "traitors", and the audience was informed of Perigo Renren Criminal cases are in full swing.
The Wagner troops in Porigan entered Russia from Ukraine Vietnam on June 24, and controlled Rostov on the southern city of Don River in the southern city. His team of soldiers quickly drove to Moscow and tried to remove important Russian military officials.
But the Wagner team stopped within 200 kilometers (124 miles) from Moscow. What surprised many people was that Porigen said that after reaching an agreement with Belarus leader Alexander Lukashenko, he agreed to lead the troops into Belarus, and then he canceled the operation to prevent Russia from bleeding.
According to the agreement, all criminal allegations of the Britigon and Wagner soldiers participating in the rebellion will be revoked.
 Russian authorities have revoked allegations of Wagner Group
The host of the "60 -minute" program, Russian member Yofgeni Popov, said that Porigon is "traitor", and the police raid Pritigon's video clips shot in the office and residence of St. Petersburg will be used as Wagner. Evidence of leaders' crime.
The video shows that there are some boxes filled with high -faced rubles in the office of Pryo. His luxury residence has a bundling US dollar, as well as his private helicopter, arsenal, a pile of wigs, and a well -equipped medical care Room and a series of sample sledgehammers. These hammer is said to be a tool used to kill traitors in videos circulating on the Internet.
This video was displayed by a special guest reporter Edward Peter Rove.
Peter Rover told the audience, "No one plans to get a case. The investigation is in progress." He also said that the conclusion that Russian investigators came by were that the videos of the premium for the Russian military chief rebel were fake. This video and video claimed that Russian missiles attacked the Wagner Camp.
 Wagner leaders gave up the rebellion and agreed to exile Belarus(Peninsula TV Station)He added that he found cash worth 600 million rubles ($ 6.58 million) in Pleigo's property. The show also shows many passports used by Pritigo, and the names on these passports are different.
Peter Rover pointed out, "A normal person cannot have so many passports."
He asked, "Why does this person have such strange power like a decent leader of a criminal group?"
He also said, "We need to find out who stands for who is standing in the rebellion. We need to punish and sue them."
Peter Torov also said, "I think the shaping of the image of the people's heroes of Yofgen Niigeo is done by the media of the Yafogeni Pleigo," he refers to Pryigor Funded media institutions.
He pointed out, "(rebellious) fails, they quickly close and escape."
 Russian TV reported this way Wagner was promoted(Peninsula TV Station)On Wednesday, the Institute of Think Tank War (ISW), headquartered in Washington, DC, said that the President of the Russian President was withdrawn. According to Ukrainian officials, this may show that the Klimlin palace was dissatisfied with the report of the Wagner rebellion incident.
After Wagner's rebellion, the Kremlin continued to pay attention to the safety of the Russian capital. According to reports, the Moscow police are currently undergoing training using battlefield weapons, such as throwing grenades, light machine guns, and "urban combat tactics".
The Institute of War stated that after the Wagner rebellion, "such training shows that the Kremlin is trying to improve the capabilities of the Moscow's security forces to defend the power from potential threats in the future."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/7/6/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e7%94%b5%e8%a7%86%e5%8f%b0%e6%8a%a8%e5%87%bb%e7%93%a6%e6%a0%bc%e7%ba%b3%e9%a2%86%e5%af%bc%e4%ba%ba%e6%99%ae%e9%87%8c%e6%88%88%e4%bb%bb%e7%a7%b0%e5%8f%9b%e5%8f%98 
Li Yan, an international singer in Chinese music, died of depression at the age of 48 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-06T06:20:43.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T06:20:43.000Z
Description: As a well -known singer in Asia, she opened up a world for Chinese singers on the international stage.
Images: [" _130303250_wh... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['娛樂', '中國', '台湾', '心理健康', '香港', '亚洲', '健康卫生 ', '社交媒体', '妇女健康']
Type: Article
died of depression at the age of 48, 48 years old 
6:20 am on July 6, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Li Yan has repeatedly appeared on the international stage as a singer many times
Chinese singer Coco Lee, a Chinese singer in Asian pop music in the 1990s and 2000s, died a few days ago at the age of 48. 
Sister Li Silin announced to the media on Wednesday (July 5) to announce the death of her sister, which said that Li Yan had suffered from depression in recent years.
Li Silin posted on social media post It is said that Li Yan "after a long period of struggle with the illness, unfortunately, the condition has changed sharply recently and gave birth to at home on July 2."
She said that Li Yan had been coma since he was sent to the hospital, and his rescue was invalid. He resigned with the world on July 5.
International Chinese singer pioneer 
Li Yan was born in Hong Kong in 1975 and moved to San Francisco (San Francisco) with his family at the age of 9. In 1991, at the age of 16, she won the "Miss Chinatown Ms. Miao Ling" championship on the local Chinatown.
Two years later, she returned to Hong Kong to participate in the rookie singer contest of Hong Kong Wi -Raid TV (TVB). Essence
In the early years, she used a doctor as a volunteer. She also studied biology at the University of California, but entered the entertainment industry after a year.
She released her first two Mandarin albums in 1994, and then released Mandarin, Cantonese and English albums, and enjoys a well -known in Asian music scene.
In the era when Chinese movies and culture entered the Western market and audience vision, Li Yan also entered the field of American films and music. She presented the protagonist Hua Mulan in the Mandarin Voices of the Disney cartoon "Mulan" and sang the theme song "I" in the Mandarin version.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Li Yan sang at the 2001 Oscar Gold Awards Awards
In 1999, starring Julia Roberts, Julia Rosa) and Richard Gere (Runawaybride "," Runaway Best "), the theme The song "BEFORE I Fall in Love" is also sung by Li Yan.
In the same year, she performed at Michael Jackson (Michael Jackson (Migo), led at a charity concert hosted by South Korea.
In 2000, Li Yan sang the two Chinese and English version of the theme song "Moonlight Love" and "A Love Beforetime" in the Chinese and English of the movie "Crouching Tiger, Best original song nomination work.
At the Oscar awards ceremony, actress Juliastiles said in the performance of Li Yan: "Combining the charm and texture of Eastern music with the orchestral color and keen lyrics of Western culture. The amazing movie, its magic is truly reflected in this moving love song. "
"Moonlight Love" also won the Best Movie Song Award in the Hong Kong Film Awards in the same year.
In 2002, former Chinese basketball superstar Yao Ming landed in the American Professional Basketball League (NBA) and joined the Houston Rockets. Li Yan sang the American national anthem as a guest in the ceremony of the NBA that year, and became the United States in major sports events in the major sports event. Chinese singer of the national anthem.
In recent years, Li Yan has been active in mainland China. He has served as a judge in the "Voice of the Chinese Dream". He also participated in the Hong Kong music variety show "The Sound of the Wet", which was transferred to the 25th anniversary of Hong Kong's sovereignty last year.
Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Li Yan has appeared in movies and music works made by Disney
Sister Li Yinchun said that 2023 was the 30th anniversary of Li Yan's debut.
On New Year's Eve this year, Li Yan posted on Instagram that she "faced the major difficulty in changing life" in the previous year, describing 2022 is "extremely difficult year."
"In the past 29 years, she has worked hard to develop a new world for the Chinese singers in the international music scene in addition to the endless happiness and surprise, and she has been going all out to glow for the Chinese. We are proud of her."
Image source, getty images
"The Significant Significant Smile" 
"Trart" released on February 14 this year is the last single published by Li Yan before his death.
In March, she said on Facebook that she touched the old injury during a dance rehearsal last year, and then underwent pelvic and thigh surgery.
It is reported that she couldn't walk after the operation and worried that she would not dance as in the past.
In 2011, Li Yan married Brucerockowitz, former president of the Hong Kong supply chain giants, who has been in love for eight years. Mars) and Aliciakeys attended the wedding and sang.
After the marriage, the two of them raised the two daughters of the marriage before the Yulimin.
In recent years, there are rumors that the two have been separated, but Li Yan has never responded to this.
On Wednesday, Li Yan's sisters said in Facebook post: "I hope that in addition to missing COCO, I also hope that you will share the bright smile of her logo, treat others sincerely, and pass the kind and love to everyone around you, and continue Coco's wish - - Let everyone around her feel her love and happiness. "
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Cherish life, suicide cannot solve the problem, and life can definitely find a way out. 
If you have to consult or related assistance, please contact: 
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66117881 
Meta releases new applications, and directly benchmarks Twitter (Free Version) 
Author: Salvador Rodriguez
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T06:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T06:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T23:07:00.000Z
Description: Threads is an independent Weibo customer application, and users can log in through the Instagram account. In Threads's post, Zuckerberg asked everyone: "Welcome to Threads."
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001033050
Type: Article
Competitive smoke reappear.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/meta%E5%8F%91%E5%B8%83%E6%96%B0%E5%BA%94%E7%94%A8threads-%E7%9B%B4%E6%8E%A5%E5%AF%B9%E6%A0%87twitter-991f11e 
The United States and Europe's policies to China: From "decourse" to "de -risk" strategy or condense consensus? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-06T06:39:03.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T06:39:03.000Z
Description: "Risk -de -risk" represents the strategic turn of Europe and the United States to China? Or is strategic refinement? More importantly, what are the considerations behind the "de -risk" and why China opposes it?
Images: [" _111769454_wh... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['歐洲', '中美关系', '中國', '欧洲联盟', '经济']
Type: Article
U.S. and European policy: From the "decourse" to "risk" strategy or consensus consensus? 
6:39 am on July 6, 2023![] Image source, getty image
Image adding text,
After the epidemic, multinational companies moved out of the production capacity out of China for the consideration of decentralized risks.
In the past three months, "De-Risking" is undoubtedly a hot word in social media. The "decoupled" theory of the United States policy in the United States under Trump under the rule of Trump before. 
It is believed that the concept of "de -risk" was first proposed by the European Commission Chairman Ulsula von Delain in March, and the G7 summit was written to the G7 summit to the communiqué, and the diplomatic visits in June and July were being visited by June and July. Repeatedly mentioned that "de -risk" became the latest consensus dominated by the West of China.
From "decoupling" to "risk", does this represent the strategic shift of Europe and the United States to China? Or is strategic refinement? More importantly, what are the considerations behind the "de -risk" and why China opposes it? BBC Chinese combing and interviews for in -depth analysis.
Why do the United States end China's "developing country" status Li Qiang visited Germany and France to test the EU's "de -risk" bottom line Why does the US -China Semiconductor War entering the artificial intelligence AI chip in Deepwater District become the key ### "Deepening Risk" Consensus
In a speech at the end of March, Feng Delin set the tone for his upcoming China trip.
On the one hand, she emphasized that "decoupling" with China is neither feasible nor in the interests of European interests. Therefore, Europe did not respond to Trump's initiative to "decoupling" with China at that time. As soon as the words turned around, she said, this is why we will focus on "de -risk".
In other words, "risk" is relative to the word "decoupling".
Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-66117744/P0FFG17S/ZH-HansS Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
French President Emmanuel Macron arrived in China on April 5, 2023 for a three -day visit. EU Chairman Ursula Von Derleyen also visited at the same time.
"Delayed" is a common word in Trump's speech. For example, in an interview in August 2020, Trump said that the Sino -US economy may be decoupled. He said, "We do not need to do business with China. Later, he talked about the decourse and said, "That is to say, if I am sure they do not treat us in the right way, I will definitely do that."
In the past three months, from Biden to Macron, European and American leaders quickly accepted the new word "risk".
On April 27, the word Jack Shalin, a US National Security Consultant, used the word in a policy speech, "We are pursuing risks instead of decoupling ... Risks fundamentally mean the flexible and effective supply chain, Make sure we will not be coerced by any country. "
Then, at the G7 summit in Japan in May, the "de -risk" was accepted by the Seventh Kingdom Group as a whole and was officially written into the bulletin.
From July 6th to 9th, US Finance Minister Yellen visited China. At a hearing of the House of Representatives of Congress before the trip, she continued to explain the word. She said that despite the need to propose reports of Chinese infringement of human rights, decoupling with China will be "a huge mistake". Americans can buy in China in China. The cheaper products that are cheaper to "greatly benefit", and China also benefits from exporting products from the United States, which is also conducive to the US economy. "This is why stopping trade with China will be disastrous. Risks to risks. ? Very good. Described? Absolutely not. "
Image source, getty images
"I can imagine this word, either everyone thinks about meditation, and then a president calls with another Prime Minister, everyone coordinated, in recent months, mention the word. Saying 'Risk -risk', other leaders patted the table, saying that the word is good, we also use it, "a scholar who has taught in the Mainland and Hong Kong Business School for a long time told BBC in Chinese. He said that the most important role of this word is to clear the boundary with Trump's bottomless line of diplomacy, which appears rational and responsible, and does not offend voters who have already hatred Chinese.
Europe 
After careful investigation, the starting point of "risks" in Europe and the United States is different.
The German media "Commercial Daily" explained that the Russian and Ukraine War made Europe alert and relying on opponents in economics, which will cause Europe to fall into a terrible situation, so it is necessary to "risk." Different from "decoupling", the purpose of "de -risk" is not to be economical in economics, but to enhance Europe's own economic pressure resistance.
National Security Consultant Sarawon said that risks focused on high -tech, especially semiconductor fields to prevent China from surpassing the West. The United States is actually doing it, and the "small courtyard wall" is built in the fields of chips. And it seems to be significant -according to the latest data from the SEMI of the Global Industry Association, under the US trade sanctions, the sales of Chinese chip equipment decreased by 23%year -on -year in the first quarter of this year, while global chip equipment sales increased by 9%.
In other words, Europe has strengthened its own industrial chain security for its own ability to resist risk, so as to transfer some industrial chains to achieve the purpose of "risk" to China. The United States has risks to the height of strategic competition through the strict restrictions of key areas to remove China as its main strategic competitors that surpass or even threaten its own risks.
Image source, reutersBefore and after the epidemic, the geopolitical relations between Europe and the United States and China have also deteriorated sharply, which has exacerbated the differences in issues such as Xinjiang, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Russia. The United States has launched Friend-SHORING, calling on the supply chain to transfer to "countries with common values."
The above -mentioned scholars said that "risk" is the product of the two trends. It has enough vagueness, because Europe, America and Japan can define their "risks" when facing China.
Liu Ningrong, dean of the University of Hong Kong's Chinese School of Commerce, wrote that, for European, American, Japanese and other countries, although the meaning of "de -risk" is not the same, it can become the largest convention for their policy in the post -new era in the post -new era. The mainstream view of the European Union is to emphasize that "de -risk" is different from "decoupling", not isolation China, but to enhance Europe's own economic pressure resistance. For the United States, compared with "decoupling", the word is more neutral and easier to accept the world, but the United States will not change the strategy of decoupling in the high -tech field because of this, nor will it give up to block and isolate China. The established policy.
China's "de -risk" 
Western public opinion generally believes that shifting from "decoupling" to "risks" is "Songkou" in Europe, America and Japan, and trying to dilute the tension with China's tension and camp.
But China has not been so positive at the official level.
Not long ago, Prime Minister Li Qiang visited Germany. He shouted to the business community that you have me and me among the world economy. You should dialectically treat the dependence. "Not cooperating is the biggest risk, and not development is the biggest insecurity."
Xinhua News Agency's reports even more toughly pointed out that the purpose of "de -risk" is to equate China and "risks" to seduce the Latin alliances from the past to "decoupling" in the past because of the United States' pressure on China. In order to take the initiative to "de -risk" and then "de -Chineseize" the spontaneous state, it has achieved its overall "decoupling" to contain strategic assistance to the United States.
"Although China has a great response, in fact, China should be grateful to a certain extent. This is a compromise made by the recognition of China's importance." The above scholars said that under Western democracy as a whole, it is impossible to make 180 degrees changes. In particular, when China threatened to become a rare consensus in Western society, it can only use "de -risk" as a pragmatic attitude. Although it is still emphasizing that China is a "risk", it also acknowledges that it is decoupled from China and cannot afford it. In this context, China has a game with the West.
Image source, reuters
In fact, China is also "risk."
In July 2020, China also proposed the "new development pattern" promoted by "domestic large cycles" and "domestic and international dual cycles" -s. "Circulation" is summarized. This policy indicates that China's strategic focus will turn to local demand and technological development.
At that time, there was a point of view that it was to reduce the dependence of the foreign economy so that under extreme circumstances, such as the Taiwan Strait War, facing economic sanctions in Europe, America and Japan, and maintaining a normal operation economy. After the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, this view was even more arrogant.
The consequences of trade fragmentation 
Even if the economy is completely decoupled as the economy of the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War, under the guidance of "de -risk" thinking, it will also lead to the "fragmented" of global trade, although in many scholars, during the epidemic, this fragmentation trend has already been form.
Singapore Deputy Prime Minister Huang Xuncai said that "a fragmented global economy will split world division into a regional group that competes with each other. Trade, investment, and ideas will be reduced -and these are the key factor that helps us achieve economic progress." Essence
The above -mentioned scholars said that in terms of economics, there must be a price discrimination. It is a kind of discrimination to take some areas of China as a risk, and the risk is a kind of discrimination, so it has to bear the cost, such as higher prices and worse quality products.
"But this is not a new thing. The same thing happens in China. For example, the telecommunications industry, the three major state -owned enterprises monopolized, did not open to the external market, then the competition was not sufficient. Some people sent China Mobile's package in Hong Kong a few years ago. On the Internet, everyone found that it was much more discounting than their set meal in the Mainland, and it was uncomfortable. In fact, because the telecommunications market in Hong Kong, there is no barriers to set up barriers, and the efficiency is more efficient. "
Image source, getty image
The consequences of trade fragmentation are learned from the front car. After the First World War, American Councilor Corder Herr believes that Germany and Britain and France have started war because the trade is not free enough, and free trade can promote international peace.
He said in a speeches of Congress, "For me, peace is accompanied by unimpeded trade; and war with high tariffs, trade barriers and unfair economic competition is war. In my opinion, we need to drum Getting the courage to play a leading role in the current serious crisis, because the pointer of the fate of history is now pointing to us. "
But Herr's point of view was too incredible and marginalized.
Until the world experienced the pain of World War II, people remembered Herr's point of view in confusion. At this time, Herr, who was already the Secretary of State, took advantage of the General Agreement Ontariffs Andtrade (GATT), and then evolved into the WTO. He won the Nobel Peace Prize. In the past 70 years, the world has experienced unprecedented free trade, as well as the general peaceful international situation.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-66117744 
U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen visit to China: Can "good police" revise US -China relations? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-07-06T06:44:33.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T06:44:33.000Z
Description: "The official remarks and senior diplomats show that the two countries have the willingness to establish effective political relations, but their actions reflect the opposite situation, and the policy of tooth return to teeth occupies the upper hand."
Images: [" _130303278_12... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans ", " zh-hans "]
Tags: ['中美关系', '中國', '美国', '经济', '贸易']
Type: Article
U.S. Treasury Secretary Yellen Visit China: Can "good police officers" revise US -China relations? 
6.44 am on July 6, 2023![] Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Following the "bad police officer" Blint, "Good Police" Yellen also set off to visit China, but analysts suggested that all parties not expect too much.
Minister of Finance, Janet Yellen, will soon have a visit to China, which is one of the high -risk attempts to rebuild bridges in the world's two major economies. 
This is also under the collapse of the relationship between the two countries this year. In one month, the second time there were Washington high -level officials visited Beijing.
The topic of the United States and China will cover Taiwan and Ukraine, as well as national security and sustainable trade disputes.
This visit also occurred on the occasion of Beijing's announcement that it would restrict exports of key raw materials for two types of computer chips.
Brinken visited China and Biden's "dictatorship" Sino -US relations "one week under the" lip, tongue sword " Why does Gates and Musk receive a hypercodic reception in China Why do the United States end China's "developing country" status Bayeng government out of the "oolong", the US -China relations "recover" and then the shadow American companies are "more negative" for business in China Yellen's trip will include He Lifeng, the new vice premier of China for the first time. She recently said that allowing these two economies to work together is the key to this trip.
The United States emphasized before this visit The two countries must "manage the relationship between us responsibly, and communicate directly in areas of anxiety, and work together to deal with various global challenges."
As an attempt to continue to ease the deadlock, Yellen Monday (July 3) also met the Chinese ambassador to the United States Xie Feng. Both parties are called The meeting is "frank and constructive."
However, Wendycutler, deputy director of the Institute of Policy (ASPI) of the American Think Tank Asia Association (ASPI), pointed out to BBC: "For Yellen, it should maintain low expectations." "She is not in her position and cannot repair the relationship. It is not possible to respond to China's request for export control or tariffs. "
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Business-66118150/P0DXCKBL/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/business-66118150/p0dxckbl/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
Yellen had only been negotiated for the first time with Liu He in Zurich, Switzerland earlier this year. Now the Chinese Deputy Prime Minister in charge of the economy has been replaced.
Yellen and Liu He's first interview emphasizing "management and control differences" talks about the US technical policy of the United States * Yellene people Only a few weeks ago, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken visited Beijing to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Foreign Minister Qin Gang.
Brinken is the highest -level Chinese government officials who have visited Beijing over the past five years. His interviews are regarded as a key test for the two countries to stop its relationship.
When visiting China, Bollingak said that there are still major problems between the United States and China, but his "expectation is that we can better communicate and contact better in the future."
However, a day later, Joe Biden, US President Joe Biden described Xi Jinping as a "dictator" , Attracting Beijing protest. Analysts believe that Biden's remarks will not have a significant negative impact, but they are still widely considered to be a help.
There is another sign that the trade dispute between the two countries is currently difficult to resolve: China announced this week to tighten the export control of the key raw materials of the two types of computer chips Essence Starting next month, special licenses are obtained from China exports and must be obtained. China is the largest producer in the world in this type of metal.
This is a response to Washington to crack down on some high -end computer chips in China in the past year. In October 2022, Washington issued an enterprise with American tools or software, whether it is produced anywhere in the world, must apply for a license to export chips to China.
Priyanka Kishore, the business forum institution IMA ASIA, said that the United States and China are facing a series of complex issues.
She pointed out: "Official remarks and senior diplomats visits the willingness to establish effective political relations between the two countries, but their actions reflect the opposite situation, and the policy of tooth return to teeth occupies the upper hand."
During the meeting in Beijing's meeting in Beijing, Yellen is expected to show that the United States will continue to defend human rights and its national security interests. However, she expects to emphasize the willingness of Washington to cooperate with Beijing to cooperate with Beijing.One day after the talks of Brinken Beijing, Biden said that Xi Jinping was a "dictator", and also said that he didn't know the earlier spy balloon.
Although some well -known figures urge the United States to break the absolute economic connection with China, Yellen expects the Huairou policy. It is expected that she will say to Beijing's counterpart officials that Washington has no intention of deciring the economy of the two countries.
This is in line with her worldview that she is more global than some predecessors. Earlier this year, she proposed in a speech: "The comprehensive division of our economy is not only disastrous for the two countries, but also the stability of countries around the world."
Former International Monetary Fund (IMF) Chief Economist Ken Rogoff said to BBC: "I will describe this a bit like a good police officer, bad police theory, and Brinkin is a bad police."
"Now is the good police officer of Yellen, try to say, you see, we have a lot of common points, see what we can do together."
Rogif said that as a Secretary of State, Briggie had to mention hard topics like Taiwan and Ukraine. But Rogif also reminded that he could not think that Yellen would be weak in Beijing. She was still likely to pressure China on multiple issues, including intellectual property law and market access.
In addition, although the two sides of the United States and China have some characters that are claiming to part ways, trade data shows the reality of lip and teeth.
In 2022, the trade between the two countries increased for the third consecutive year. Official data show Last year, China exported the total value of the US exports of more than 536 billion US dollars (389 million yuan), and the total value of imported goods to the United States was 154 billion U.S. dollars (1.111 trillion yuan).
But even though Washington and Beijing tried to solve each other, the influence of the US presidential election was uncertain.
Profe Ericharwit, a professor at the University of Hawaii University of Asia, said: "If the second Biden government appeared in 2024, I expected that there will be many Trump's era of trade sanctions and tariffs on the economic front, especially It is not related to the high -end technology industry. "
"But if Donald Trump won in the 2024 election, it will be full."
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/business-66118150 
The United States is still the world's preferred place, although the FREE Version has decreased (Free Version) 
Author: Paul Hannon
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T06:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T06:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-06T05:28:00.000Z
Description: Last year, the United States was the preferred investment place for companies seeking international expansion. Although China is still far behind the United States, its foreign capital inflow has reached the highest level in history.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001031028
Type: Article
Last year, the United States was the first choice of investment destinations for companies seeking international expansion.(https://cn.wsj.com/articles/CN-FED-20230615070820)Under the circumstances, foreign investment has been reduced, and the scale of capital inflows has declined.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E4%BB%8D%E6%98%AF%E5%85%A8%E7%90%83%E9%A6%96%E9%80%89%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E5%9C%B0-%E5%B0%BD%E7%AE%A1%E5%A4%96%E8%B5%84%E6%B5%81%E5%85%A5%E6%9C%89%E6%89%80%E5%87%8F%E5%B0%91-ac8b7a9a 
How to seize the nickel industry in Indonesia, the key part of the leading electric vehicle supply chain (Free Version) 
Author: Jon Emont
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T07:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T07:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T07:54:00.000Z
Description: As Chinese enterprises have controlled the hard -working craftsmanship, Indonesia's huge nickel minerals have opened the door to the electric vehicle industry of nickel resources. China has also raised its dominant position in Indonesia, which has developed into the world's largest nickel origin.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001029695
Type: Article
The Indonesian Islands are now building nickel ore processing plants to provide raw materials for electric vehicle batteries. Five years ago, factories in Indonesia did not even have a family in Indonesia.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E4%BD%95%E4%BB%A5%E5%9C%A8%E9%95%8D%E5%82%A8%E9%87%8F%E5%82%B2%E8%A7%86%E5%85%A8%E7%90%83%E7%9A%84%E5%8D%B0%E5%B0%BC%E5%8D%A0%E6%8D%AE%E4%B8%BB%E5%AF%BC%E5%9C%B0%E4%BD%8D-659191b2 
The AI boom is delivered to charcoal in the snow, and the science and technology industry is full of life (Free Version) 
Author: Tom Dotan
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T07:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T07:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-06T05:56:00.000Z
Description: Earlier, the science and technology industry has gone through a few months of layoffs, but with the rise of the AI boom, the industry has suddenly changed from bleak to joy.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001032695
Type: Article
Facts have proved that for the scientific and technological economy that has been slowing before, artificial intelligence(AI)The boom is a powerful reverse current. This boom is pushing up the stock price of many technology giants and illuminating their growth prospects. At the same time, it also gave birth to a new wave of startups.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/ai%E7%83%AD%E6%BD%AE%E9%9B%AA%E4%B8%AD%E9%80%81%E7%82%AD-%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80%E8%A1%8C%E4%B8%9A%E7%BB%9D%E5%A4%84%E9%80%A2%E7%94%9F-32e7dd47 
At least 27 people died at least 27 people in Mexican buses 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T07:23
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T08:14
Description: A passenger car rushed out of the mountain road in the southern Waka Kaka in Mexico and fell into a valley accident, causing at least 27 people to die. The accident occurred at around 6:30 on Wednesday (July 5) local time. Oaxaca Prosecutor Bernado Rodrigz Ah ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['墨西哥', '交通事故']
A passenger car rushed out of the mountain road in the southern Waka Kaka in Mexico and fell into a valley accident, causing at least 27 people to die.
The accident occurred at around 6:30 on Wednesday (July 5) local time. Oaxaca prosecutor Belnado Rodriguez Alameira told AFP on the phone: "According to preliminary statistics, 27 people died and 17 were injured. Hospital for treatment. "
He added that the cause of the accident had been investigated, and the initial signs showed a mechanical failure.
State government official Husus Romero said at a press conference: "The vehicle driver may lose control ... the car falls into a 25 -meter (80 -foot) canyon."
Wahaka Governor Salumon Hara expressed condolences to the family members of the victims through social media. He said that local hygiene, public safety, civil defense and other departments have sent people to the incident to rescue and provide help to the wounded.
The Xinhua News Agency reported that the bus departing from the capital Mexico City was driving out of control over control when driving to Magdalena-Peniasco, Vahaka, and then fell into a 25-meter-deep cliff.
The authorities said that the bus was operated by a local transport company and the destination was the town of San Diendy Johnson. According to civil defense agencies, at least six injured people have lost their consciousness when they were sent to the hospital, and the injuries were serious.
Mexican traffic accidents are frequent. On May 14, a two -vehicle collision accident occurred in Tatumi Pas, northeast, causing at least 26 people to die; on April 29, a passenger car crashed in the cliff in Naliat, Western, causing at least 18 people to die.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411144 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T07:39:41
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T09:37:17
Description: Ukraine's Minister of Internal Affairs Igor Clecoly said that the number of deaths caused by Russian missiles in western Ukrainian cities has risen to four.
Images: [" 1-1688636218.png "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 From the left: Russian President Vladimir Putin, the head of the Wagner Group Evgangi Poriger and Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko (Reuters)
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/7/6/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-377 
The protest of Israel's opposition to judicial reform upgrades the police to use violence to dispel the demonstrators 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T08:00:43
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T08:01:11
Description: On July 5, local time, the Israeli police forcibly dispersed the demonstrators who protest the judicial reform plan gathered in the center of Tel Aviv. The conflict between the police and the protesters and caused multiple people to be injured.
Images: [" RC26X1A6TO4V-... ", " image-1-16886... ", " image-1688629... "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '以色列']
Type: Article
 The border police was also called to help dispel the demonstrators(Reuters)On July 5, local time, the Israeli police forcibly dispersed the demonstrators who protest the judicial reform plan gathered in the center of Tel Aviv. The conflict between the police and the protesters and caused multiple people to be injured.
Thousands of demonstrators blocked the Ayaron Street in the center of Tel Aviv. They shouted the slogan to condemn the Nebaniahu government and warned it not to "trample democracy."
The demonstrators launched fireworks to the police, and the police arrested some demonstrators on the grounds of incite the public.
The border police was also summoned to help dispel the demonstrators. In addition, the wastewater vehicle -protesters tried to hinder the advancement of these vehicles by placing stones on the road.
At the same time, after the main streets in the center of Tel Aviv were blocked, an Israeli car driver broke into the gathering place of demonstrators. Hebrew media played a video, showing a car rushing into the demonstration site and trying to crush the demonstrator, and the police immediately arrested the driver.
In West Jerusalem, someone witnessed the situation of the Israeli police violently beating the demonstrator to evacuate them and open them in Paris Square in the city.
In addition, some demonstrators also broke through a security barrier near Jerusalem's residence in Jerusalem and conflict with the police.
At the sea, nearly 2,000 demonstrators closed the Horef intersection and shouted the slogan of condemning judicial reform.
 Israeli crisis: From the judge to the political Israeli Minister of the Interior, Ben Gevil, the Minister of Defense(Peninsula TV Station)
Police Director resigned 
On the other hand, the director of the Tel Akves Police Amy Ichid said that due to the political intervention implemented by the members of the extremely right -wing government led by Prime Minister Neitanahu, he will resign from this position. He also said that these government members want to be right. Anti -government protesters use excessive force.
Ishid pointed out in the TV statement that he could not achieve the expectations of the "ministerial class" to him. He also said that this class violated all the rules and blatantly interfered the process of professional decision -making.
He also added, "I can easily meet their expectations by using unreasonable force, but this kind of force will make Tel Aviv Hospital overcrowded at each end of the protest." He also emphasized. "This is me. I am me. In the past 30 years, for the first time, I have faced such a ridiculous reality -I have not been asked to maintain calmness and order, but it is just the opposite. "
 Proter in Israel(news agency)
limit democracy 
The organizers of these protests stated that the government's judicial reform decisions will deprive the Israelites' freedom of speech and restrict the country's democratic life, while the Israeli government said that its goal is to reform the country's judicial agencies.
The Constitutional Committee of the Israeli Parliament approved a bill on Tuesday to limit the supervision of the government's government in the Supreme Court, which is one of the contents of the government judicial reform plan that caused controversy.
At present, there is also discussion on the "Restricted Reasonable" Act. The bill has reduced the power of the Supreme Court (the highest judicial institution in Israel) to dismiss government decision -making in violation of rationality.
The bill is set to submit a plenary voting of the Israeli parliament next week to make it an effective law.
On March 27 this year, Neitaniah announced the suspension of the judicial reform bill in order to reach an understanding with the opposition. Since then, the opposition and the ruling alliance have been discussed here, but they have not obtained any major major ones. Achievements.
The opposition believes that these plans "are designed to weaken the judiciary -especially the Supreme Court of Israel and turn Israel into a dictatorship." In the past 26 weeks, the opposition has been organized by unprecedented protests every week, The government is required to stop these reform plans.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/7/6/%e4%bb%a5%e8%89%b2%e5%88%97%e5%8f%8d%e5%af%b9%e5%8f%b8%e6%b3%95%e6%94%b9%e9%9d%a9%e7%9a%84%e6%8a%97%e8%ae%ae%e5%8d%87%e7%ba%a7 
The Minutes of the Federal Research Conference showed that some officials supported the interest rate hike in June 
Author: Nick Timiraos
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T08:25:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T08:25:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-05T22:13:00.000Z
Description: Most Fed officials have previously expected that after a suspension of interest rate hikes last month, this year will need to further raise interest rates, but some people have hoped to raise interest rates in June because the economic slowdown is not enough.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济', '美联储']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001032109
Type: Article
Most Fed officials have previously expected that after a suspension of interest rate hikes last month, this year will need to further raise interest rates, but some people have hoped to raise interest rates in June because the economic slowdown is not enough.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BC%9A%E8%AE%AE%E7%BA%AA%E8%A6%81%E6%98%BE%E7%A4%BA%E7%BE%8E%E8%81%94%E5%82%A8%E5%AE%98%E5%91%98%E6%94%AF%E6%8C%81%E5%9C%A86%E6%9C%88%E6%9A%82%E5%81%9C%E5%8A%A0%E6%81%AF%E5%90%8E%E8%BF%9B%E4%B8%80%E6%AD%A5%E5%8A%A0%E6%81%AF-e13cee60 
Larry Fink, CEO of Belle, rather Bitcoin as FREE Version (Free Version) 
Author: Steve Goldstein
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T08:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T08:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-06T07:29:00.000Z
Description: For Bitcoin, Larry Fink, chairman and CEO of Belle, has never directly stated that he has disdain, but now his company and some other companies are seeking regulatory approval for a spot Bitcoin ETF. It's even more enthusiastic before.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
For Bitcoin, Belaide(BlackRock, BLK)Larryfink, chairman and CEO, has never stated that his company and some other companies are now being a trading fund for a spot Bitcoin.(ETF)Seeking regulatory approval, his tone must be more enthusiastic than before.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%B4%9D%E8%8E%B1%E5%BE%B7%E9%A6%96%E5%B8%AD%E6%89%A7%E8%A1%8C%E5%AE%98larry-fink%E5%B0%86%E6%AF%94%E7%89%B9%E5%B8%81%E6%AF%94%E4%BD%9C%E6%95%B0%E5%AD%97%E9%BB%84%E9%87%91-7ae219a2 
The heat waves and flood swept China and the Asia Pacific regions 
Creator: MIKE IVES,OLIVIA WANG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-06T08:46:49+08:00
Description: A total of about 20 cities in China have encountered floods this week, of which Chongqing floods have killed more than ten people. The temperature of more than 38 degrees Celsius. Analysis states that the duration of extreme weather in the summer and autumn of the world may be longer. Cctv via associated present
Images: [" 00vid-asia-fl... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 On Wednesday, China and several other Asia -Pacific countries were affected by monsoon floods and high temperatures. Meteorological forecast said that the duration of extreme weather in the summer and autumn of the world may be longer, which is the latest example of the statement.
According to official media reports, the Chinese authorities said on Wednesday that the floods in Chongqing have killed 15 people and the four people disappeared.
The severity of China's floods can be seen from the TV news: rescuers in Henan Province have rescued two people who are trapped in the roof due to turbulent river water. The news screen shows that the local fire brigade uses drones to send them a life jacket, and then hang them to a safe place with a crane.
There may be more severe weather in China and other regions. The World Meteorological Organization announced on Tuesday that some areas of the Pacific Ocean have the first El Nino phenomenon that has appeared in seven years This phenomenon is a cyclical climate change that causes the surface temperature of the ocean. The World Meteorological Organization stated that the El Nino phenomenon may be combined with the climate warming caused by humans, and it has triggered more heat waves and destructive weather globally in the second half of this year.
According to the picture released by the official news agency Xinhua News Agency, in Chongqing, China, rescue workers will be transferred by residents besieged by floods on Tuesday. Li yuyang/xinhua, via associatedpress
In summer, it usually brings high temperatures and annual monsoon Related heavy rainfall. But the weather this summer is particularly harsh.
It is worth pointing out that the floods in about 20 cities in China this week, and the temperature in many cities exceeds 38 degrees Celsius. In the past few weeks before the arrival of extreme weather, the abnormal heavy rainfall and the heat waves earlier earlier than usual have caused severe damage to agricultural production , Make life difficult.
advertise
The Chinese authorities said on Wednesday that 11 of the 31 provinces and cities and autonomous regions across the country are preparing for more rainstorm weather in the next three days. According to weather forecast and local news reports, the heavy rainfall on the weekend has forced more than 20,000 people to be transferred.
Video from Chongqing showed that this week, a multi -story building was affected by turbulent water flow, and some collapsed in the nearby river.
It is not just China that is reported to be damaged by severe floods. [Da Rain] on weekends in southwestern Japan(https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2023/07/02/national/heavy-rains-japan-one-dead/)Has caused House to be flooded Cause at least one person to die. As of Wednesday, several counties in Japan are still issuing storm waves warning or alert Essence
Officials from the Cambodian Capital Cambodian said that the heavy rainfall on Monday brought 150 millimeters of rainfall to the city, which is the largest daily rainfall in the city in the past three years.
The 43 -year -old Dan Suo Pan said on Wednesday that the volleyball court he had in Phnom Penh was still underwater at nearly half a meter deep.
"The drainage pipe is too thin," he said.
advertise
At the same time, most parts of East Asia are being attacked by heat waves.
According to weather forecast, Henan Province and other parts of China, including the capital Beijing, have the temperature of 40 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. The temperature in Beijing is close to this temperature at 3:30 pm on Wednesday, local time.
The temperature near Beijing reached 40 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. Mark R Cristino/EPA, Via Shutterstock
According to Taiwan Central Meteorological Bureau of the Ministry of Transport It is expected that the temperature in some parts of Taiwan will reach 41 degrees Celsius on Thursday and Friday.
Although it is impossible to simply attribute a heat wave weather to climate change, scientists are convinced that the heat waves around the world are becoming hotter, more frequent, and longer.
The United States in 2018 National Climate Evaluation It is pointed out that the number of hot weather is increasing, and the frequency of heat wave weather has risen from an average of twice a year in the 1960s to six times in the 2010s.
The World Meteorological Organization said on Tuesday that although the El Nino phenomenon occurred every two to seven years, this phenomenon "occurred in the context of changing the climate of human activities." The organization also pointed out that the "double influence" of warming caused by the El Niopy phenomenon and humans, 2016 is the warmest year recorded by so far.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230706/china-asia-flooding-building-collapse/ 
Biden talks with the Swedish Prime Minister to reiterate that he supports Sweden to join NATO 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T09:03
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T09:12
Description: U.S. President Christeson, a visit to Sweden, showed that the United States supports Sweden to join the Northern Atlantic Treaty (NATO). He praised Sweden's role in regional security. Reuters report. Bayeng on Wednesday (July 5) in the Oval Office of the White House and Christer ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['北大西洋公约组织', '北约', '瑞典', '土耳其', '美国']
U.S. President Christeson, a visit to Sweden, showed that the United States supports Sweden to join the Northern Atlantic Treaty (NATO). He praised Sweden's role in regional security.
Reuters report. Biden met with Christeson in the White House Oval Office on Wednesday (July 5). He said to Christeson in the meeting of the reporter at the present meeting, "anxiously looking forward to you as a member of NATO."
Biden set off on Sunday to attend the NATO summit at Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, and visited three countries. NATO hopes to welcome the latest members of Sweden at the summit. So far, all walks of life have still had doubts about whether Turkey can abandon objections at the summit.
Christeson said after the meeting that the leaders of the two countries agreed that the Vilnis meeting was to finalize the "natural timing" of Sweden, a Nordic country to join NATO.
Christeson said to reporters at the Swedish Embassy in Washington: "But we all know that only Turkey can make Turkey decisions."
According to the contents of the White House, Biden "praised Sweden's role in regional security and emphasized that he welcomed Sweden to join NATO as soon as possible."
Sweden and Finland applied for joining NATO last year. After the invasion of Ukraine in Russia, it abandoned the long -lasting military union policy. Applying applications must be approved by all NATO member states. Turkey and Hungary have not yet approved Sweden applications, and Finland's application has been approved in April.
Turkish President Erdogan pointed out that the supporters of the Swedish Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK) supporters of Stockholmo, who accused them of organizing demonstrations and funding terrorist organizations.
Sweden said it had met the requirements agreed in negotiations with Turkey, including a new bill that set the identity of the members of the terrorist organization as illegal, but Erdogan has not stated that he is preparing to approve the Swedish application.
The State Department's statement said that Secretary of State Blingken talked with Turkish Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan on Wednesday, encouraging Turkey to support Sweden to join the NATO military alliance. The State Council said: "Secretary of State Blinger emphasized the importance of NATO's unity at such a critical moment, and encouraged Turkey to support Sweden to join NATO immediately."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411153 
Planning to implement terrorist attacks in Germany? Several extreme Islamic suspects were arrested 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T09:09:00Z
Description: The German Federal Procuratorate said that a suspected terrorist organization was found and seven suspects were arrested. At the same time, two other suspects in the Netherlands were arrested. They are suspected of exploring the targets and locations in Germany.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '德国', '留学德国', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选', '恐怖袭击', '伊斯兰国', '法国沙尔利周刊枪击案']
Keywords: ['德国', '恐怖主义', '极端伊斯兰', '极端伊斯兰恐怖主义', '极端伊斯兰恐怖组织', '恐怖袭击', '袭击', '伊斯兰国', '恐袭']
Id: 66133923
The German Federal Procuratorate announced the arrest of seven extreme Islamic terrorist suspects (information pictures)
(Voice of Germany) Germany The Federal Procuratorate found suspected extreme Islamic terrorist organizations and arrested seven suspects in Beiwi Prefecture. These seven people are mainly from Tajikistan. The Federal Procuratorate announced on Thursday (July 6) in Karlsroe that seven people were suspected of establishing terrorist organizations in Germany and planning to implement attacks. In addition, they are allegedly related to terrorist organizations "Islamic State" Support.
In addition, a man from Tagikistan and his wife from Gilgisstan were arrested by the relevant Dutch department. The Dutch police said the couple were also suspected of planning to implement crimes of terrorism.
Of the seven men arrested in Germany, five were from Tagikistan, and the two were from Kyrgyzstan and Turkmenistan. They are said to have an extreme Islamic position. It is said that shortly after the Ukrainian war, they came to Germany together and formed a terrorist organization. The Federal Procuratorate said that its goal was to "attack in Germany in accordance with the Islamic State's thoughts on the public."
The Tagikistan man arrested in the Netherlands also belongs to the organization. It is said that the organization is related to "Islamic State" The regional branch "Islamic State Horosen" (ISPK) has contact. It is said that the suspect has set possible attack targets in the German circle and inspects the possible attack place. In addition, the suspect also tried to obtain weapons. However, the Federal Procuratorate said the suspect has not yet developed a specific attack plan. Of the seven suspects arrested in Germany, six have raised funds for the "Islamic State" and transferred foreign transfers since April 2022.
Seven suspects in Germany were arrested in different locations in North Viagra. On Thursday and Friday, they will be questioned by investigating judges in the Federal Court of Carsuhe. The two suspects in the Netherlands will be questioned by the investigation judge in Rotterdam on Friday.
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/策划在德实施恐怖袭击？多名极端伊斯兰嫌犯被捕/a-66133923?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Two Russian frigates visited Shanghai for the first time during the Cold War 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T09:10:00Z
Description: The Russian Navy's Pacific Fleet two frigates from the Cold War to Shanghai arrived in Shanghai and launched a 7 -day visit. The two frigates, namely "Liang Liang" and "Perfect", were visited Shanghai for the first time. After the visit to Shanghai, the Chinese and Russian Navy will also hold a joint exercise.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['中国', '俄罗斯', '海军', '联合军演', '乌克兰', '乌克兰战争']
Id: 66133941
Russia arrived in Shanghai to visit Shanghai.
(Voice of Germany) According to Chinese national media reports, after two Russian frigates visiting the Shanghai frigates, the Sino -Russian naval fleet will hold joint exercises such as communications, mobile formations, and maritime rescue.
Three days ago, Li Shangfu, a Chinese State Councilor and Minister of Defense, met with the Russian Naval Chief Commander of the Russian Navy, Yefimov in Beijing. This is the first formal military talks held by the Russian mercenaries Wagner's rebellion.
During the meeting, Li Shangfu said that the two sides should continue to promote the relationship between the two armies. The navy of the two countries should strengthen communication at all levels, expand pragmatic cooperation in professional fields, and make positive contributions to maintaining the peaceful and stability of the region. Yev Menov responded that Russia attaches great importance to strengthening pragmatic cooperation in various fields of Russia and China, and is willing to maintain close coordination with the Chinese side and continuously push the relationship between the two armies and the two armies to a new height.
From the calculation of the number of ships, China already has the world's largest navy. Whether it is a ship's tonnage or technical capabilities, it has far exceeded the Russian Navy.
Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine last year, both the Navy and the Air Force of China and Russia have held a series of joint military exercises Essence
In February of this year, China, Russia, and South Africa in the East China Sea Airspace in the East China Sea in Duban, South Africa Holding a Maritime Co -Association Essence The South African opposition stated that the joint exercise was equivalent to recognizing Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
The Associated Press reported that the military cooperation between Russia and China showed the informal alliance between the two countries. The foreign policies of the two countries are coordinated with their positions in the United Nations. Beijing has always provided diplomatic cover for Russia in the United Nations.
Although Beijing claims to be in Ukrainian War China has maintained neutrality, but China has always stood firmly on Russia, while accusing the United States and NATO for provoking Moscow to extend the bleeding war by transporting weapons to Ukraine.
Nevertheless, China has repeatedly stated that it will not provide weapons to any of the conflict and pay close attention to the export of military and civilian materials.
(Associated Press)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/俄罗斯两艘冷战时期护卫舰首次访问上海/a-66133941?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
"Programming" and Ruan Xiaohuan case: Awakening and pursuit of a strange blogger's wife 
Creator: 王月眉
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-06T09:29:12+08:00
Description: After Ruan Xiaohuan was arrested, Bei Zhenying gradually understood another life of her husband, and determined that he was the "programming" as a strange blogger. She never cared about politics before, but when she was forced to start looking for answers, she embarked on a journey of awakening. The New York Times In April of this year, Bei Zhenying stood next to the screen showing her husband Ruan Xiaohuan's photo in their Shanghai apartment.
Images: [" 00china-blogg... ", " 00china-blogg... ", " 00china-blogg... ", " 00china-blogg... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 Bei Zhenying did not know that her husband was unusual, and even had some secrets.
He is a talented computer programmer. They met when they were studying in college in Shanghai. She fell in love with his curiosity and humor. In addition, he is proud of the rules of not being able to keep the rules -refusing to use social media or buying new clothes -and pay great attention to privacy, hiding in the study room to do some job he will not discuss.
Bai Zhenying, 45, believes that these quirks are the habit of professional geeks. They are fully focused on a world that she cannot understand as a business manager of her company. But she never expected that she had so little understanding of her husband Ruan Xiaohuan, until the Shanghai police rushed into their apartment and took him away.
The authorities accused Ruan Xiaohuan's article writing an article "Identify my country's current political system" and conspired to overthrow the Chinese government. In February this year, the judge sentenced him to seven years in prison. Bei Zhenying can only try to make up the life he concealed.
In the next few months, she learned not only a personal secret. Bei Zhenying now believes that Ruan Xiaohuan has written one of the most mysterious blogs on the Internet on the Internet. For 12 years, the blog has been laughing at the Communist Party, which is ridiculed by the governance in China -under the leadership of Chinese hardliners Xi Jinping, this seems to be an unimaginable Achievement.
Blog "programming" enjoys a near -mythical position among its fanatic followers. The anonymous post published on the blog depicts the hidden wealth of Chinese leaders, which is one of the most sensitive topics of the government. They share the skills to cover up digital traces and laugh at the authorities' identity. They urge readers to think independently and despise the society around them.
Later, the blog fell into silence in May 2021 -the same month, Ruan Xiaohuan, 46, was arrested.
It is almost impossible to confirm whether Ruan Xiaohuan is "programming." The court he sentenced did not disclose his website name, which may be to avoid attracting people's attention. China has adopted an absolute confidential attitude towards national security cases, and Bei Zhenying is not allowed to talk to Ruan Xiaohuan. "Programming" has almost no identity details.
In any case, the fate of "Programming" and Ruan Xiaohuan belongs to the same story -under the leadership of Xi Jinping, Chinese citizens must express different seeing in an extreme way. They may eventually explain that in a country where monitoring is continuously strengthened, this is almost impossible.
But these stories also show that even Xi Jinping's selfless crackdown on independence -perhaps because of this -independence thoughts continue to appear. When we met earlier this year, Bei Zhenying said that before her husband was arrested, she was not interested in politics. At that time, she decided to disclose her view of Ruan Xiaohuan's identity. She is even too lazy to avoid China's Internet review system. But when she was forced to find the answer, she found herself on a journey of awakening -like the awakening journey that "programming and thinking" tried to inspire.
"I did have not experienced any big waves before, and it was a bit smoother. The so -called quiet years, I did look like this," she said. "(Now) I am completely different from my previous ideas, and I may have more understanding."
A weird man who close the door 
Two years after Ruan Xiaohuan was arrested, there was still a trace he left in his study, and he secretly established another life there.
His black roller chair grinds a groove on the floor. There are yellowing programming books and a Chinese pocket constitution on the metal bookshelf. There is a spare bed against the wall.
When I visited in April, Bei Zhenying admitted that Ruan Xiaohuan was obviously concealed. If she opens the door of the study, he will become irritable and say that programming needs concentration.
But she attributed it to her love for work -and his ability in this regard is beyond doubt. According to a certificate issued by his company in 2008, he was responsible for supervising the information security of the Beijing Olympic Games. In 2010, a magazine with a government background introduced him, "I am a person who is keen on new technologies, and only new technologies can make me passion," he said.
 In 2008, Ruan Xiaohuan obtained a certificate issued by the company to recognize his work in information security in the Beijing Olympics. Bei zhenying
Sometimes Bei Zhenying really annoyed his quirk. Ruan Xiaohuan became more and more lonely, and complained that he could not find someone who was intellectual enough to communicate with him. Around 2012, he thought that his work was not challenging enough, so he resigned. She said that he started spending more time to stay in the study to read and develop open source software.
He refused to install WeChat or Alipay's ubiquitous Chinese payment and social media applications on the grounds of security issues. When the air -conditioned maintenance worker came to the door, Ruan Xiaohuan insisted on supervising the whole process with Bei Zhenying.
Nevertheless, Bei Zhenying attributed Ruan Xiaohuan's obvious paranoia to his work. He sometimes refers to political news, such as government corruption, but does not seem to pay too much attention.
One day in 2020, Bei Zhenying asked Ruan Xiaohuan for the first time, what he was doing in the study all day. During the new crown epidemic, she also started spending more time to stay at home. After many years of alienation, they became close.
Bei Zhenying speculated that he was on a foreign website because he mentioned contact with overseas programmers. His caution made her suspect that this could involve sensitive content. But this also made her feel that he would avoid anything serious.
"He stared at me, just don't tell me," she recalled. "After staring for a while, he said, it is a matter of programming anyway, you don't understand."
Police visit 
Just after noon on May 10, 2021, the doorbell rang.
Bei Zhenying asked Ruan Xiaohuan to open the door, and then heard a twist. She rushed to the door and saw a group of police officers. Her husband had been taken away and could not see it.
For up to 12 hours, the police searched the apartment and warned Bei Zhenying, who was blank, that Ruan Xiaohuan had a crime of subverting the state power — Punishment critics. In the end, they found that she didn't know his blog and left.
At first, Bei Zhenying was angry with Ruan Xiaohuan's deception that caused her to be in a dangerous situation. But she eventually decided to believe him, especially when the police rarely revealed the information to her.
She and Ruan Xiaohuan's parents speculated that Ruan Xiaohuan should be a small and well -known blogger, and the authorities just wanted to calm down before the party celebration of the Chinese Communist Party of China that year. They thought he would be released soon. Because there are too few clues, Bei Zhenying did not try to search for his blog.
However, the court has been delaying the case, and last spring, Shanghai was suspended due to the end of the new crown. Then on February 7, Bei Zhenying, who had not seen Ruan Xiaohuan for 21 months, suddenly received a notice that she could participate in his sentence three days later.
Ruan Xiaohuan, who was taken into the court, was embarrassed, and most of his hair was white. They had a brief eye exchange, and the guard asked him to face the judge.
"I used to blame him before. When I saw him like this, I had no other thoughts," said Bei Zhenying. "No matter what he said, no one should treat him like this."Ruan Xiaohuan's childhood with his parents. Bei zhenying
Bei Zhenying was extremely shocked to hear that the judge sentenced him to seven years in prison, and in the judgment, Ruan Xiaohuan said that he was "dissatisfied with his long -term dissatisfaction."
What shocked her even more was that the judgment did not mention the name or content of the blog. It only says that these so -called subversive articles started in June 2009, with more than 100 articles, affecting "a large number of netizens".
At that time, Bei Zhenying decided at that time that she would avoid China's Internet control and find things that the government seemed to be hidden. In order to increase security, she went to Internet cafes to surf the Internet and learned to install anti -censorship software, and then entered her only clues on Google: "2021, lost contact, blog."
The first Chinese result is an article on overseas publications, which is what happened to explore a blog called "Programming".
Familiar tone 
At the moment of opening the "programming and thinking" blog, Bei Zhenying was very scared. The report described it as "revealing the secrets of Chinese power and nobles." Her husband really participated in the conspiracy to subvert the country?
But when she carefully studied the blog content, she confirmed two things. First, the article was written by Ruan Xiaohuan. Second, he did nothing wrong.
The blog content released from January 2009 is a wonderful thinking of a practitioner. He will recommend books about software engineering and complain about common code errors.
But five months later, the content of the blog became sharp. The blogger mentioned that China has begun to block more websites, including Twitter and Blogspot where "programming follows".
"This news is appalling!" The author wrote. "It's something other than the technology!"
The blogger began to upload e -books, including George Owaer's "1984", and shared the description of the encrypted data file. He published a post on the 1989 Tiananmen Likes and showed how the Chinese government tampered with historical pictures.
In Bei Zhenying's view, these articles are not just in line with reality, or she finds that the recommendations in it are all loved by Ruan Xiaohuan, but also in that tone: eager to learn and teach, but at the same time full of confidence, or even even Yu Zi.
"The current priority of is to be a tomb to digger the party and state," the blogger wrote in the project of sorting out the economic exchanges of Chinese leaders, and the project refers to foreign news reports.
As the popularity is getting higher and higher, his arrogance is also increasing, so he has become Beijing's goal. In 2019, a blog post entitled "Why the imperial court can't catch me" mentioned multiple attacks by bloggers, including an affiliated Gmail account. The Chinese government also formally demanded that the open source platform GitHub shielded the relationship network project. Github said that this was the first time that China had issued a shielding requirement to the platform.
"Police comrades, you have to cheer," I wrote in another blog post, and a smiley face was attached.
 Ruan Xiaohuan used to work in the apartment in Shanghai. The new york times
Xiao Qiang, who studied the freedom of the Internet at the University of California, said that it was this kind of publicity and learning that made "programming follow" a "network legend". Among the hundreds of comments under each blog post, the fans compared the author with Julian Assange, or compared him to the protagonist in "V -Evins and Killing Team". This is a comic novel. A messenger of justice wearing a mask against totalitarianism.
Xiao Qiang said that readers were shocked by "a person in China can challenge the Chinese authorities in spirit, politics and morality."
But the authorities use increasingly advanced technology to hunt down critics.
Bei Zhenying now believes that Ruan Xiaohuan foresees that he will be arrested. In the months before, he often complained that the Internet was unstable. On one occasion, he said that he was questioned by the police in the king of Burger that he often patronized and asked him if he was often there.
On May 9, 2021, the programming was published with the final article, which was updated by the blogger's e -book list.
The next day, Bei Zhenying's doorbell rang.
Awakening 
When reading programming with the blog, Bei Zhenying's first feeling was jealousy. She envied Ruan Xiaohuan's readers, who occupied most of his attention, but she was not.
But she also admired him again. I was angry with the severe judgment he suffered.
She decided to change her approach. She hired two famous human rights lawyers in Beijing to appeal. She was interviewed by a foreign reporter, saying that she believed that Ruan Xiaohuan was a programming. She opened a Twitter account to win the support of programming and thinking of blog fans.
She also studied the Internet that was not reviewed and learned from the names of persecuted activists, lawyers and citizen journalists.
"I used to think it would look at it from two aspects. It was possible. I never thought about it. This was like two worlds," she said.
The pressure increased sharply. She said that in April this year, when she went to Beijing to meet with a lawyer, the police stopped her from leaving the hotel. When I went to her house to visit, Bei Zhenying opened a large volume to play Hundel's sigh to block the possible eavesdropping equipment.
I asked Bei Zhenying that after aware of China's political reality, she still had confidence in China's legal procedures.
"I think I look at this question," she replied. "If you say that you see a lot of abnormal things, it feels abnormal, it is very sad."
In late May, Bei Zhenying was particularly optimistic. The court suddenly delayed the decision on appeal. She sent me a text message saying that the authorities were considering reducing the sentence.
But in Xi Jinping's China, lenient treatment is rare.
Two weeks later, Bei Zhenying's Twitter account disappeared. One of her lawyers said he couldn't contact her; a few days later, he said that she was safe, but could not further comment -this indicates that the authorities may have warned her to remain silent. Since then, she has not made a public speech.
Before silent, the last text message she sent me was about her determination to speak for Ruan Xiaohuan.
"I have a tough attitude today," she wrote. "keep it up."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230706/china-dissident-blog-program-think/ 
A criminal criminal criminal criminals occurred in the Ukrainian Kiev Court of Ukrainian Court 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T09:47
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T10:09
Description: The district court in the regional court in Kiev, Ukraine, a explosion. After a criminal suspect appeared in court, a criminal suspect threw explosives twice to the police and finally killed himself. The other two policemen were injured. The law enforcement department quickly blocked the road to the court. AFP quoted internal ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '基辅', '爆炸']
The district court in the regional court in Kiev, Ukraine, a explosion. After a criminal suspect appeared in court, a criminal suspect threw explosives twice to the police and finally killed himself. The other two policemen were injured.
The law enforcement department quickly blocked the road to the court. Agence France -Presse quoted the statement issued by the Minister of the Interior Igorklymenko on social media: "The SHEVCHENKIVSKICOURT is emergency. Forces, explosive experts and other necessary service personnel have arrived at the scene. "
 Emergency personnel and security forces perform their tasks outside the Schochikinsky Court. (Reuters)
The Kiev Military Administration said that the explosion occurred at 17:20 in the evening local time (Singapore time at 11:20 pm). Reuters quoted Crimco that the male suspect who thrown the explosive was IHORHUMENYUK. He was suspected of throwing grenades in the 2015 demonstration event, killing four Ukrainian national guards. After he appeared in court on the afternoon of the 5th, he locked himself in the toilet and threw a explosion device at the two guards. Hermeko wanted to escape from the court building, but was shot by the police. He hid in another room and threw a burst to the two policemen. As a result, the police were injured and he was killed on the spot.
Crimco said the authorities were investigating how Hemevekko brought the explosives into the court.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411157 
How to get out of the "price war" in China's new energy industry? (Free version) 
Authors: ['周若曦']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T09:51:09+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T03:00:99+08:00
Description: Zhou Ruoxi: When the market signal fails, it is difficult for enterprises to accurately predict market demand, which will cause the production capacity of some strategic emerging industries to far exceed market demand, and the risks caused by excess capacity will become increasingly accumulated, resulting in a "dilemma" of economic games.
Images: [" 000182560_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['新能源', '新能源汽车', '碳中和', '产业政策', '中国经济']
Type: Article
 The new energy vehicle market is entering the severe situation of "no winner". The most recent example was on May 25, Great Wall Motor issued a statement saying that it has submitted the reporting materials to the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, the State Administration of Market Supervision and Management, and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Two models of vehicles are reported by normal pressure fuel tanks, and they are suspected of reporting the discharge of the vehicle's evaporation of pollutants. In response, BYD Automobile officially issued a response stating that it resolutely opposes any form of unfair competition, and "I hope everyone can do more things that are beneficial to the new energy industry." Once the news was exposed rapidly, it caused a stir in the market.
Compared with the sales data of the Great Wall and BYD, from January to April of this year, Great Wall Motor's cumulative sales were 337,300 units, a year-on-year decrease of 21.67%. On the other hand, BYD, from January to April, cumulative sales were 776,600 units, an increase of about 96.61%year-on-year. According to the China Automobile Industry Association ranking in the market share of the new energy vehicle in the same period, BYD's market share is 34.3%, ranking first, and Great Wall Motors is about 1.9%, ranking tenth.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100160 
Modner signed an agreement will develop and produce MRNA vaccines in China 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T10:03
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T10:03
Description: American pharmacist Moderna INC will promote the work of the production of MRNA VACCINE (MRNA VACCINE) to produce messengers in China. Under the background of geopolitical tensions, it is seeking a foothold in this world's second largest pharmaceutical market. Bloomberg ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['冠状病毒19', '疫苗', '莫德纳', '中国', '冠病疫苗']
American pharmacist Moderna INC will promote the work of the production of MRNAVACCINE (MRNAVACCINE) to produce messengers in China. Under the background of geopolitical tensions, it is seeking a foothold in this world's second largest pharmaceutical market.
Bloomberg quoted Modner's statement saying that Modner signed a memorandum of understanding and land cooperation on Wednesday (July 5th), committed to researching, developing and producing MRNA vaccines in China.
Chinese media First Financial Tuesday (4th) quoted unnamed sources reported that Modner might invest US $ 1 billion (about S $ 1.351 billion) in China. Modner does not comment on the scale of investment. The company's headquarters in Kanbric, Massachusetts, USA, developed MRNA crown vaccines.
Modner said that any medicine produced according to the agreement will only be facing the Chinese market and will not be exported; the agreement is targeted at the needs that Chinese patients have not met.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411159 
Seeing the Prime Minister of Sweden, the White House is convinced Turkey to approve the Sweden to join NATO 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (维达库斯瓦拉)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T10:03:43+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 02:03:43Z
Description: U.S. President Bynden met with Swedish Prime Minister Ulff Christeson. The White House was trying to persuade Turkey to approve Sweden to join NATO before the NATO Summit held by Lithuania next week.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['军事', '美洲', '美国', '欧洲', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/biden-meets-swedish-pm-as-turkey-signals-no-to-sweden-joining-nato-20230705/7169177.html 
The depreciation 
Author: Weilun Soon
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T10:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T10:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-06T01:05:00.000Z
Description: For the People's Bank of China, the renminbi has been degraded too much and too fast. Different from the end of last year, the People's Bank of China needs to make a choice now, how big this intervention is.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0001031082
Type: Article
For the People's Bank of China, the renminbi has been degraded too much and too fast.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%BA%BA%E6%B0%91%E5%B8%81%E8%B4%AC%E5%80%BC%E5%BC%80%E5%A7%8B%E8%AE%A9%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E5%A4%B4%E7%96%BC-311b9011 
Facing the threat of Zapolo Nuclear Power Station, what will happen to the worst situation? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T10:11:00Z
Description: Kiev warned that Russia may plan to explode at the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station. If unfortunately, what is the greatest harm caused by this nuclear threat?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '伊朗', '乌克兰', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Id: 66135537
Kiev warned that Russia may plan to detonate landmines at the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station.
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Russia after occupying the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station for the first time in early 2022, Energoatom, Ukrainian nuclear power operator, said that the Russian army may have buried landmines in the nuclear power plant. At the beginning of June this year, the nearby Khahofka Dam is said to be destroyed by the Russian army Kiev announced that Russia also buried landmines in the cooling pool of the nuclear power plant.
Now, the Ukrainian military warns that Russian soldiers are allegedly placed on the outside roofs of the two reactors of the nuclear power plant.
Extended Reading: Guidelines for Coping Nuclear Accidents in the Chinese Embassy in Ukraine In late June, the International Atomic Energy Agency reported that there were no signs of landmines or other explosives at the nuclear power plant. At present, Rafael Mariano Grossi, director of the International Atomic Energy Agency, announced that the experts of the agency requested the other part of the nuclear power plant for more thorough inspection and excluded the existence of any explosives.
cooling system is the weakest part of Zapolo Hot 
Olhakosharna, a Ukrainian nuclear safety expert, emphasized that landmines buried in the most important cooling section pose a direct threat to nuclear power stations. She said that the water in the cooling pool plays a decisive role, which can cool the fuel rod in the reactor to prevent them from being melted due to overheating.
The Zapolo Nuclear Power Station consists of six reactors and has stopped running since last fall. Five of the reactors are "cold shutdown", that is, no longer power generation.
DMYTROHUMENIUK of the National Nuclear and Radiation Safety Science and Technology Center of Ukraine explained that although the reactor must still be cooled, because the fuel rod is still exuding heat, the water cannot evaporate. Experts estimate that nuclear accidents will occur within eight days.
According to experts, the sixth reactor is still in a "hot -stop" state, of which the generator crew generates thermal power -although the international atomic energy agency has ordered the cold suspension four weeks ago. If this is the case, the temperature of the cooling water may reach 280 degrees Celsius, and it will evaporate when leaked. This means that if an accident occurs, experts only have 27 hours to prevent radiation from leakage. "I think all these rains and threats are to prevent Ukraine's counterattack in the region Essence "
Ukrainian counterattack is stalemate 
Can the disaster similar to the Fukushima nuclear accident may happen? 
Experts believe that any explosion in the Zaparlo -cooling system can cause disasters like the Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan. In 2011, the earthquake and the subsequent tsunami interrupted the cooling of the three reactors of the Fukushima first nuclear power plant, which caused the core to melt and release radiation.
"Subsequently, a evacuation area was established, and people had to leave. Three years later, people returned again because of the reduction of radiation. Now, the area has been reduced to one -third." Mark Zheleznyak said.
Terurtoniak believes that the potential risks of the Zapolo Nuclear Power Station are smaller than the Fukushima Nuclear Power Station. He said: "There will be no radiation disaster, because the closed reactor will not release radioactive iodine." He suggested not to succumb to panic, and buy iodine tablets designed to protect thyroid gland from being subject to radioactive iodine.
What is the risk of ###?
The Ukraine Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center formulated two possible situations when nuclear accidents occurred in the Zapolo nuclear power plant.
In the first case, the reaction pile of a one -meter -thick protective shell remains intact, while the facilities below it are fused. This may occur if the power supply is completely broken or the cooling system is damaged. Experts estimate that in this case, about 2.5 kilometers around the nuclear power plant will be polluted by radiation.
The center stated in a recent statement that "basically, this will only affect the staff working at nuclear power plants", and say that these people will have to leave the area, "there is no need to perform iodine prevention."
Another case is a nuclear accident damaged by the protective case. "In this case, radiation will affect a wider radius and produce more serious consequences. The size of the pollution areas will depend on weather conditions." The center explained.
Ivan Kovalets is an environmental modeling expert at the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. He calculated that according to wind and wind direction, 20 kilometers around the nuclear power plant may be seriously affected.
"Under such circumstances, Costlez needs to be evacuated immediately." People who live 550 kilometers away from the nuclear power plant may face certain health risks. "However, in such a distance, there is no need to take countermeasures or evacuate immediately," he added.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/扎波罗热核电站面临威胁，最坏情况将会怎样？/a-66135537?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Singer Li Yan died due to depression, at the age of 48 
Creator: LAUREN MCCARTHY
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-06T10:29:13+08:00
Description: According to Li Yan's family, she suffered from depression a few years ago. She tried to commit suicide at home on Sunday and was taken to the hospital. She died on Wednesday. Li Yan was born in Hong Kong and immigrated to the United States later. She succeeded in Asia, and this year was the 30th anniversary of her debut. Nicky Loh/Reuters 2009, Hong Kong -born singer Li Yan announced a World Tour Concert at a press conference in Taipei.
Images: [" 05xp-lee1-lwh... "]
Category: 讣告
Type: Article
 The Chinese Chinese singer Li Yan died on Wednesday at the age of 48. She is famous for being nominated by Oscar in the movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".
According to her sister Li Qiulin and Li Silin, her cause of death was suicide, but the statement did not reveal her place of death. They said that Li Yan was taken to the hospital after trying to commit suicide at home on Sunday.
"Coco unfortunately suffered from depression a few years ago," her two sisters wrote. "After a long time of struggle with the illness, unfortunately, the condition has changed sharply recently."
As a popular singer, Li Yan succeeded in Asia, but for American audiences, her most famous work was to sing the song "Moonlight Lovers" for the 2000 film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". This song was nominated for the best original song category of Oscar. At the Oscar awards ceremony in March 2001, she sang the song in front of tens of millions of TV audiences.
"Combining the charm and texture of Oriental Music with the orchestra of the western culture and the keen lyrics. Erus said in the performance of Li Yan.
In 1993, Li Xun won the runner -up in the singing competition hosted by Hong Kong's TVB shortly after graduating from high school, and since then he started his career of record artists. In 2000, Li Yan told " San Francisco Chronicle ", She took a row to participate in the competition for a while, but she was accidentally succeeded.
"I was timid when I was young," she said. "I will hide in the bathroom and sing in the shower. I always feel that my sister Silin will become a singer. She is beautiful, talented, and has a pair of beautiful legs. I did not expect it to be me."
But after winning the runner -up in TVB, she released her first album in a Taiwanese record company in 1994. "My goal in singing career is not to stay in one place," she told the South China Morning Post in 1997](https://www.scmp.com/article/220082/pop-queen-medicine)Reporter, she wants to work in Asia and the United States.
In 1999, Li Yan released her first full English album "Just No Other Way", which included popular and R & B -style songs. Among them, "Before I Fall Inlove" was included in the Julia Roberts movie "Running Bride"(Runaway Bride)In the original sound disk.
Li Yan's career has also expanded to music. She voiced the protagonist of the Mandarin version of the Disney animated film "Mulan" in 1998 and sang the theme song of the movie "I"(Reflection)Essence
advertise
Li Yan was born in Hong Kong on January 17, 1975. After moving to the United States, he studied junior high school and high school in San Francisco.(http://www.sanfranciscochinatown.com/people/cocolee.html)"The title. She has been studying at the University of California Owen Campus, and she told" Chronicle ", I planned to learn biology and become a doctor, but dropped out of school after my freshman year.
Li Yan's sisters mentioned in the statement that this year should be her 30th anniversary of her debut. They wrote that Li Yan "pioneered a new world for Chinese singers in the international singing world" and emphasized her "excellent live performance".
In addition to the two sisters, the survivors of Li Yan also include her husband Le Yumin(Bruce Rockowitz)And two stepdoms. There is currently no complete list.
Her last single "Tragic" was released in February this year. Li Yan posted on social media at the end of 2022 that she was experiencing a "extremely difficult year", but encouraged her fans to spread positive emotions and "became an influential figure and inspired others."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/obits/20230706/coco-lee-dead/ 
Survivor: "When the ship turned, the Greek Coast Guard was next to us" 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T10:31:41
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T10:31:41
Description: Last month, when the overloaded dragging vessels departed from Libya, the danger seemed to be obvious for the 21 -year -old Syrian Ahmad*.
Images: [" 1-1688639185.png ", " 1-1688639303.png ", " 1-1688639345.png "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '土耳其', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 The Turkish Coast Guard helped try the refugee (Reuters) who failed to cross the north Aiqinhai Lesbos Island (Reuters)
_ In order to protect your identity, the name of the star number is a pseudonym. _ 
Last month, when the overloaded dragging vessels departed from Libya, the danger seemed to be obvious for the 21 -year -old Syrian Ahmad*.
Ahmed told the Peninsula TV, "The boat is too heavy."
"We sat together and kept worrying about sinking."
On the abandoned blue ship of this international headline news, he saw about 750 people squeezing together and unable to move. They all hoped that they could finally reach Europe.
A few days later, he would see hundreds of people drowned, and a Greek coast guards floated nearby.
Ahmed and his 23 -year -old friend Muhammad fled to Syria. They all asked for a pseudonym because they were worried that the Greek government would punish them because they saw what they saw that night.
They are two of the 104 survivors in the coastal coastal coast of Greek, and they have confirmed that 78 people have died.
Like hundreds of others on the boat, their third companion, Muhammad's cousin, has not found it.
The road to the central Mediterranean is divided into a few steps. Ahmed and Muhammad said that they left home and hoped to have a future without violence.
 Libya Tobruk and Piros, Greece
Their journey went to Lebanon, and then Egypt and Libya.
They stayed in Libya for about a month, smugglers locked them in an apartment, and Egyptians, Pakistanians and other Syrians also embarked on the journey together.
Muhammad said that smugglers beat Egyptians and Pakistanians and kept cursing and insulting them.
In the end, on the first day of June, they were told: "You will leave today."
They were placed behind the trucks driving to the coast, loaded on the boat, and were taken to the Adriana dragging fishing boat in the deeper area.
Ahmed said, "They beat people there."
"As they beat them, they took them to the lower deck of the boat ... the situation there was very bad. It smelled the smell of diesel and fish. You can't breathe."
Ahmed and his companions set up a bribe of $ 200 to get a place on the upper deck.
But no matter where the passengers are sitting on the boat, they are crowded together.
Women and children are locked in the cargo cabin below, narrowing from the top deck, young people can see the sea.
"People start to lose consciousness" 
From the second day of sailing, the ship's engine has begun to fail.
Muhammad said, "They will repair it, but after a while, it will be broken," and added, "After each repair, it will stop again after two or three hours."
After going to sea the next day, the food and water were used up, and the panic began to spread on the entire ship.
Ahmed said, "At that time, people began to lose consciousness."
"They fell to the ground, they fainted, some people were shaking, we saw that dozens or hundreds of people are in this state."
They heard that because of hunger, thirst and fear, they were fighting everywhere.
Muhammad said, "I, Ahmed, and my missing relatives have been working hard to maintain morale." He also added, "When someone crying, we will be kidding." We said to ourselves. "But everyone is going crazy.
On the fourth day, they heard disturbing news from the cargo cabin.
Ahmed said, "Some people are from below,‘ someone below is dead ’.”
"They said that there were six corpses on the boat, and there were five corpses below, but we did not see these remains. One of the remains was located on the upper deck. We saw it."
 Medical staff and members of the Greek Red Cross provided help (European News Agency) when refugee arrived at the Karamarta Port in Burlovonnean Peninsula, Greece.
Ahmed and Muhammad said that passengers began to call the Italian authorities and the Greek Coast Guard for help.
Muhammad said, "From the fourth day, the Greek Coast Guard discovered us."
On the fifth day, on June 13th, they said that the Adrianna seemed to stop moving completely.
In the afternoon, a helicopter flew over the head.
Passengers did not understand on the deck, but that was the voice of the Greek Coast Guard. In the afternoon, one after another passed by, throwing the people on the boat into the waves.
Muhammad said, "People say:" Bring us. 'They said, ‘No.’ ”He added and said,“ We ask for help, but they refuse to help us. ”
Muhammad said that friends said that around midnight on June 14, a Greek Coast Guard ship finally approached the dragging fishing boat. He also added, "" Follow us', they tell us, let us follow them. "
"Half an hour later, our boat stopped completely, and it couldn't move. After they came back, they tied us on their boat."
Ahmed and Muhammad said that the Coast Guard began to drag the stalling fishing boat, but the ship turned sharply. The Adrianna tilted to the left, then tilted to the right, and then turned over the boat.
Muhammad said, "They are next to us when turning the boat. At the moment it sinks, they are far away from us. They deliberately let us sink," he also added. "We stand on the top of the boat and see everything clearly. ","
Hundreds of people were thrown into the Dark Mediterranean, trying to find things that can be caught. In some way of survival, Ahamad said, "People have caught me."
"I am underwater and stay away from people. Every time I leave, I will meet others. They will catch me to save myself. When someone grabs me, we will dive into the water together."
Ahmed said that one and a half hours later, he found an inflatable ship of a coastal guard and swam to it.
Ahmed said, "They are 200 or 300 meters from us (220 to 330 yards)," he added and said, "I traveled to them and boarded the boat. They did not approach us to save us. They stood far away. In the place, those who swimming are coming towards them, just like me. "
When Ahmed walked towards the rubber boat, he had to push the body floating in the water aside.
After Ahmed was taken to the larger coastal guards, he reunited with Mohammed. The two hugged and ecstatic to find each other.
They began to ask their third companion that he failed to succeed, and they realized how incomplete their liberation was.
Muhammad said that the survivors of the shipwreck were taken ashore. When they were held in Karamarta, Greece for the first time, the authorities came to hear his testimony of the tragedy three or four times.Ahmed said that no official had accepted his testimony.
"Accountability Vacuum" 
Both are currently in the Malacasa refugee camp at 40 kilometers (25 miles) north of Athens. They are waiting for the shelter application to be treated. Muhammad urgently hopes to get the news of his cousin, even if the news confirms that he is dead.
The statement of Ahmed and Muhammad contradicts the Greek Coast Guard. The Greek Coast Guard stated that the passenger of the Adrianna refused to help. The ship was not dragged away before turning over the ship.
The narrative of the survivor is consistent with other evidence.
Email issued by the Greek survey website Solomon showed that the Greek authorities received a notice at 6 pm on June 13 (15:00 Greenwich Standard Time) and said that the ship was in danger, and the Broadcasting Corporation and the New York Times announced and verified by the New York Times. The tracking data shows that the dragging fishing boat was not moving at least seven hours before it was covered.
When asked about the allegations of dragging the ship and participating in the shipwreck, the Greek Maritime and Island Policy Department told the Peninsula TV station that "the required information is part of the investigation procedure. In the case of strict confidentiality. For the details of the Greek Coast Guard Action Plan, our department cannot publish further comments. "
The Greek Coast Guard was accused of shipwreck incidents and a large number of deaths.
Hop Buck, a policy analyst of the border violent monitoring network, said, "There is evidence that the Greek Coast Guard used a series of strategies to transfer the ships they intercepted at sea to different territorial areas to avoid liability for search and rescue and submit it. International protection application. "
"Although this usually includes dragging the ship back to Turkey's territorial sea, it is also possible that if the ship is closer to the Italian territorial sea, they will try to transfer it there."
The organization called for independent investigations and asked EU border agencies Frontex to withdraw troops from Greece.
Hope Buck said, "The Greek Coastal Guard's basic rights to infringe their basic rights are routine and systematic actions. It turns out that the Greek government has insufficient investigations and accountability for the vacuum to increase these actions."
In Malaca, Mohammed said he couldn't stop recalling the moment when the ship turned over and the screams of the people around him. He didn't know how he survived in the water.
Muhammad said, "I shouted for a while, Ahmad and my cousin's name," he added, "At that moment, I heard a sound scream, 'mother!Mom!" I asked that person who asked that person Name, he said, "Fat".
"He and me told each other's name, so no matter who survived, he could tell the other party's family."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/7/6/%e5%b9%b8%e5%ad%98%e8%80%85%e8%88%b9%e7%bf%bb%e6%97%b6%e5%b8%8c%e8%85%8a%e6%b5%b7%e5%b2%b8%e8%ad%a6%e5%8d%ab%e9%98%9f%e5%b0%b1%e5%9c%a8%e6%88%91%e4%bb%ac%e6%97%81%e8%be%b9 
How important is rare earth? Why is it difficult to shake China's leading position? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T10:35:00Z
Description: ？？ Or rare soil? China announced this week's export control, which has caused concerns about China that may restrict other raw materials exports, especially rare earth exports. What is the use of rare earth? How important is China's rare earth for the global market? Why is it difficult for rare earths to minimize, and what kind of effort does countries make to reduce the dependence on China's rare earth?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '稀土元素', '日本', '中共十九大', '美国', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['稀土', '中国', '原材料', '日本', '美国', '特斯拉']
Id: 66136145
A rare earth mining plant in Baotou, China
(Voice of Germany Chinese) China announced on Monday to control 镓锗 镓锗 镓锗 It aims to protect national security. This decision is generally considered to be a surround of science and technology in the United States and its allies, and has caused concerns about China that may restrict other raw materials exports, especially China ’s rare earth exports that dominate the global supply chain.
What is the rare earth? 
In 2010, as a response to the collision incident near the islands near the Chinese fishing vessels and the Japanese Coast Guard claimed to have sovereignty, China suspended the export of rare earth in Japan. At that time, Beijing said that the move was based on concerns about the environment. As a result, the price of rare earths soared, and Japan had to find a substitute supplier. How important is rare earth? How big is China's rare earth? What efforts do countries make in reducing the dependence of China's rare earth?
What is rare soil? 
Rare earth is a group of important metals including 17 elements. It is very important for a variety of high -tech applications, such as electronic products, military equipment, wind turbines, electric vehicles, and so on. These elements have unique magnetism, catalytic and optical properties. According to statistics from the US Geological Survey (USGS), in 2022, China's rare earth output accounted for about 70%of the global output, followed by the United States, Australia, Myanmar and Thailand.
Rare Earth: China's Trade War Ace 
According to the data released by the research company Adamas Intelligence in 2019, China has at least 85%of the world's rare earth ore processing into the ability to use it. However, China's rare earth exports have declined. According to Chinese customs data, in the first five months of 2023, China's rare earth exports were about 20,000 tons, a year -on -year decrease of 4.4%. The total export volume of 2022 was about 48,000 tons, a year -on -year decrease of 0.4%.
Most of the rare imports from the United States come from China, but this dependence has gradually decreased in recent years, from 80%from 2014 to 2017 to 74%from 2018 to 2021.
Which countries have rare earths? 
According to data from the US Geological Survey, China has 44 million tons of rare earth reserves, accounting for about 34%of the world's. It is estimated that the rare earth reserves of Vietnam, Russia and Brazil are about 20 million tons. India's reserves are about 6.9 million tons, 4.2 million in Australia, and 2.3 million tons in the United States.
In 2010, China suspended the rare earth exports to Japan. Subsequently, Beijing restricted the export of rare earths around the world, saying that it aims to reduce pollution and protect resources. This incident has led to almost entirely relying on Japan, which imports rare earths in China. Japan has begun to find other suppliers. Japan has invested in Australian manufacturer Lynas Lynas. By 2018, Japan's rare earth imported from China to 58%was reduced.
What are the measures to reduce dependence on China? 
In fact, the global rare earth reserves are not "rare", but the chemical properties of rare earth make it difficult for them to separate and purify, the difficulty of processing is also large, and toxic waste will be generated during the process. The loose environmental standards have enabled China to vigorously develop the rare earth industry. In recent decades, with the launch of Western manufacturers, China has established a dominant position on rare earth.
To prevent potential crisis EU formulating plans to promote the diversification of rare earth supply chain 
Western countries have strengthened support and promoted the production of key minerals, including rare earth production. Australia, Canada, the European Union and the United States have formulated policies and support plans for the key mineral industry. Las Vegas Rare Earth Miner MP Materials Mine is mining in MountainPass, California, but it is transported to China for final processing because the United States does not have the final processing process. When rare earth resources are difficult to meet the needs, Electric vehicle manufacturer Tesla decides to reduce the use of rare earth in future models , To alleviate environmental and supply risks.
In 2022, China has increased the annual mining quota of rare earth for the fifth consecutive year, reaching 210,000 metric tons, an increase of 25%over the previous year. China announced twice a year, and the first batch of mining quotas this year has also increased.
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/稀土有多重要？中国主导地位为何难以撼动？/a-66136145?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Meta launches Threads Application Twitter to face threats 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T10:42
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T10:42
Description: Instagram, a subsidiary of Meta Platforms Inc., the parent company of Social Media Company, officially released an application Threads. The design of this application is to compete directly with Twitter. Mas ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['应用程式', 'Meta', 'instagram', '推特']
Instagram, a subsidiary of Meta Platformsinc, Meta Platformsinc, Facebook, Social Media Company officially released an application Threads. The design of this application is to compete directly with Twitter. Welcome to the most severe threat.
Bloomberg reports that on THREADS, users can publish text and links, reply or release other people's news. The app allows users to obtain the existing followers and account names from photos and video sharing applications.
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Meta on Wednesday (July 5th), posted on Threads saying: "There should be a public dialogue application used by more than 1 billion users ... Grasp. Hope we can do it. "
Connorhayes, Vice President of the Products, said in an interview: "The creator tells us, 'We want a substitute, and do not want to start again, attracting followers from scratch." Haierz did not have Special mention of Twitter.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411168 
TSMC: China's export control will not have a direct impact 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T10:57:00Z
Description: TSMC stated in an email statement: "After evaluation, we expect that the export restrictions of raw materials 镓 and 锗 will not have any direct impact on the production of TSMC." Other semiconductor companies in Taiwan also expressed their weak impact.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美', '稀土元素']
Keywords: ['稀土', '半导体', '芯片', '晶圆', '出口管制', '中美关系', '中美贸易战', '台积电']
Id: 66136216
TSMC stated in an email statement: "After evaluation, we expect that the export restrictions of raw materials 镓 and 锗 will not have any direct impact on the production of TSMC."
(Voice of Germany Chinese), the world's largest chip manufacturer in Taiwan, TSMC said on Thursday (July 6) that China is expected to restrict key metal exports of semiconductors from any direct impact on its production.
Previously, Wei Jianguo, the former deputy minister of the Ministry of Commerce China, warned that the move was "just the beginning." On July 3, the Ministry of Commerce of China announced that from August 1st, export control of the two metal minerals of 镓 and 锗 锗 The purpose is to protect national security. Earlier, the United States decided to implement export restrictions to curb China's key technologies for artificial intelligence.
Taiwan is from smartphones, cars to fighters and other chips The main production place is supplied to companies such as Apple and Nvidia.
TSMC stated in an email statement: "After evaluation, we expect that the export restrictions of raw materials 镓 and 锗 will not have any direct impact on the production of TSMC."
"We will continue to pay close attention to the development of the situation," the statement supplements the road, but no detailed instructions are made.
TSMC's stocks listed in Taipei continued to be founded on Thursday, and closed down by 2.9%, while Taiwan stock market fell 1.7%. In some reason, the trade situation was even more tight and US Treasury Minister Yellen worsened with Sino -US relations before visiting Beijing this week. Worries.
Liao Chien-Yu, the first securities analyst, said, "If the negotiations between the two parties are progressing smoothly, many restrictions may relax; but if the negotiations are not going smoothly, the two parties may impose more sanctions after Yellen returned to China."
The Taiwan Stone Semiconductor Company, which uses 镓 manufacturing optoelectronic components, told Reuters that only the "small" substrate was purchased from China, and most of them were supplied from Germany and Japan.
The steady semiconductor added that China's restrictions on the company's short -term procurement and wafer production and delivery are very limited.
Another Taiwanese company's new optoelectronics technology (Visual Photonics Epitaxy) told Reuters that the company also has many substrate suppliers, one of which is the American semiconductor wafer manufacturer AXT. Axt said on Monday that he would seek a license to continue exporting from China and Gravity Board products.
Another semiconductor manufacturer in Taiwan, new Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. said that so far, China's export restrictions have a weak impact on it. The company's stock price closed 3.5%on Thursday.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/台积电：中国镓锗出口管制不会产生直接影响/a-66136216?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Tesla and Chinese car companies signed a joint letter to indicate the end of the price war. 
Authors: ['白艾德', '李瑞洋']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T11:10:10+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T07:05:99+08:00
Description: The Chinese government arranges 16 manufacturers such as Tesla and BYD to sign an open letter, promising to maintain fairness and order of the Chinese automobile market.
Images: [" 000186635_pic... "]
Themes: ['特斯拉', '关注']
Keywords: ['特斯拉', '电动汽车', '马斯克', '价格战']
Type: Article
 Elon Musk(ElonMusk)Tesla(Tesla)A promise to promote the "socialist core values" and maintain the fair order of the Chinese automobile market with the Chinese local automobile manufacturers. Earlier, the Chinese government instructed the industry to close a months of price war.
On a car industry meeting held on Thursday, including Tesla and its largest local competitors BYD(BYD)The 16 manufacturers, including, jointly signed an open letter to make the above commitments. Faced with the increasingly fierce competition from local car companies, Tesla(Tesla)In October last year, the price of the two models of Model3 and Model Y has launched a price war between electric vehicle manufacturers.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100179 
Yellen arrived in Beijing, and the United States and China tried to repair the relationship again 
Author: Chun Han Wong
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-07-06T11:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T11:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-07-06T08:33:00.000Z
Description: Bollingin's visit to China was originally intended to support the US -China relations, but the relationship between the two countries was even more bumpy. In view of this, observer is cautious and optimistic about the current trip to China.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
From the perspective of the outside world, US Secretary(Antony flashing)Visiting Beijing last month](https://cn.wsj.com/articles/CN-BGH-20230619171106)It is the efforts of the rapid deterioration between the two largest economies in the world.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%80%B6%E4%BC%A6%E6%8A%B5%E8%BE%BE%E5%8C%97%E4%BA%AC-%E7%BE%8E%E4%B8%AD%E5%86%8D%E5%BA%A6%E8%AF%95%E5%9B%BE%E4%BF%AE%E5%A4%8D%E5%85%B3%E7%B3%BB-fb19e9bf 
Study that the Hong Kong Government used tens of millions of dollars for political lobbying to affect the US policy against China and Hong Kong 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T11:23:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T12:38:20-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In the research report of the "Hong Kong Democratic Commission" in the "Hong Kong Democratic Committee" in the United States and Hong Kong people, it revealed that the Hong Kong Government has used the office of some Hong Kong institutions in the United States to conduct political lobbying. After the 2019 counterclimiative campaign, the lobbying expenses increased significantly to $ 35 million. Try to influence the US politics' views on China -Hong Kong policy. Report cover screenshot/HKDC Audio-1-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/EC-07062023334.html/@stream The "Hong Kong Democratic Committee" in the US -Hong Kong -people group said that since the transfer of sovereignty in Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Government has used the offices of some Hong Kong institutions in the United States to conduct political lobbying. After the recovery of the Chinese campaign in 2019, the lobbying expenses increased significantly to 35 million US dollars, trying to influence the US politics' views on China -Hong Kong policy. Some commented that research highlights the Beijing and Hong Kong Government, and the use of Hong Kong semi -official agencies to expand the united front overseas operations. It also shows that when China -US relations are tight and China can only be applied, they can only use the unique Hong Kong to try to break the lobbying difficulties. Dilemma.
Hong Kong Government spend 80 million American lobbying US "middlemen" six visits to the United States Congress "The latest study of the Hong Kong Democratic Committee" It is found that the Hong Kong Government dominated the complex network in the United States. The Hong Kong government's local economic and trade offices, with the help of semi -official institutions such as the Hong Kong Trade Development Agency (Trade Development Agency), use the name of promoting the economy and culture in the United States. The government has carried out lobbying and political propaganda locally, trying to influence US policies.
Studies have found that from 1997 to 2014, the Trade and Development Bureau had more than $ 8.3 million in expenses for lobbying work in the United States. After the recovery of the Central Movement in 2019, the relevant expenses increased to more than 35 million US dollars, most of which were paid by the Trade and Development Agency to the United States lobbyist. Essence
Study that the Hong Kong Government borrowed more than 10 million hires in the United States 
Researcher Wang Lezhi, who was responsible for writing the report, told this station that because the US "Foreign Agent Registration Law" had requirements, the Trade and Development Agency needed to disclose relevant expenses, and found that it served as an intermediary to act as a lobbying of the Hong Kong government. He said that the background of these institutions that the American politics is unclear, and may be indirectly accepted by the Hong Kong government's loses.
Wang Lezhi: "Many expenses are controlled by the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office, and they are paid to the United States lobbyist in the name of the Trade Development Agency. When they meet with American members, they are not talking about trade relations, but about the" Hong Kong Human Rights Democratic Law ". With the United States' foreign policy on the CCP, like the "white glove" operation model. These lobbyists who have received many funding of the Hong Kong government and the CCP are to deal with groups that do democracy, human rights and Hong Kong people's policy initiatives in the United States. The problem."
He hopes that the research results can remind American politics and folks that be careful when contacting institutions related to the Hong Kong Government. At the same time, it is called on the US government to pass the "Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office Certification Act" (Certification Law of the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office), etc. to prevent supporters of Hong Kong Government and the CCP from continuing to engage in political impact activities in the United States.
Comment: Beijing and Hong Kong Government use the Hong Kong semi -government agency to expand the United Front Front overseas 
Current affairs commentator Sanpu said that with the differences in the political environment, the functions of the trade and development bureaus and other institutions have long been very different. Such institutions have taken the resources of many Hong Kong government to become the authorities of the authorities overseas.
Sanpu: "This means called economic and trade united front use these public or semi -government agencies to expand the purpose of its united front. In fact, this expansion line is not limited to the Trade Development Bureau, but all institutions that have the word" development '"are both. Note. One is the Art Development Bureau, and the other is the Tourism Development Bureau. The flow of people, gold flow, cultural flow, and information flow. They use different ways to exhibit the "sharp strength 'in the United States. Compared with 1997, these semi -official The institution has become the mouthpiece of the party state. "
Comment: Sino -US relations are tight and official lobbying difficulties Try to borrow Hong Kong institutions to create new space 
Zhuang Jiaying said that Sino -US relations are difficult to lobby, and China uses Hong Kong's special status to create new possibilities. (Provided by the respondent) Zhuang Jiaying, an associate professor of the Department of Political Department of the National University of Singapore, said that the incident was reflected in the special position of Hong Kong under the "one country, two systems" when the relationship between China and the United States was tense and could be used by China.He said that in the United States, political lobbying is legal, and the actions of the Hong Kong Government also show that the activity and influence of exile overseas Hong Kong people in the local political circles forced the Hong Kong government to check and balance.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Chen Meihua Xu Shushu Qingqing.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec-07062023080334.html 
China controlled and exported, is Germany prepared? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T11:27:00Z
Description: After China launched measures for the implementation of the exports of 镓 and 料 materials, the German industry is also expected to be affected by its production. At present, Germany does not produce these two materials, and the proportion of imports from China is more than half of the total.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['原材料', '锗 镓']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 66136843
Germany's semiconductor manufacturing is an industry that government plans to vigorously support
(Voice of Germany) officials in Germany told Reuters that Germany has made corresponding efforts to ensure the long -term supply of key and strategic raw materials. The official made the above statement when evaluating China's impact on some raw materials for export control.
China announced this Monday that it will be right 镓 锗 Two kinds of raw materials are export control. From August, the exports of these two metals must apply for permission. 在 遍 遍 is generally applied in semiconductor industry Essence
According to data published by the German Federal Institute of Geology and Resources (BGR), in 2022, China exported 27 tons to Germany, accounting for 55%of the total imports of Germany. Last year, China exported 3 tons to Germany, accounting for 75%of the total imports.
People in the German industry pointed out that the export control launched by China may be countermeasures to the United States restricting the export of semiconductor technology in China, but this will also affect Europe. German Machinery Manufacturing Enterprise Federation (VDMA) in Brussels on behalf of Holgerkunze told Reuters that in raw materials supply In terms of, Europe is still "easily injured."
Kunze called for the EU's economic policy to focus on opening up new raw material supply channels and markets for a long time, because only this can make the supply chain of enterprises diversify and reduce risks. He also suggested that he should not add excessive conditions for the free trade agreement to attach too much. "Otherwise, fewer and fewer countries are willing to sign a trade agreement with the EU."
China's export to Germany accounts for 55% of the total imports of Germany
Volkswagen also needs 锗 锗 锗 
"Whether the latest measures for (China) will have an impact on our supply of raw materials. It is still unpredictable." State Secretary of the Ministry of Economic Affairs of Germany told Reuters, "According to the current known situation, at the beginning, at the beginning It's just an export control measure, not limit. "
The Ministry of Economic Affairs officials added that the important steps should be taken to make the supply chain diversified, more effective use of raw materials, promoting recycling and alternatives, and strengthening Europe's own raw materials processing and mining.
Volkswagen, the largest car manufacturer in Germany, is also preparing for the possible impact of China's raw material export control. When responding to inquiries from Reuters, Volkswagen said that the company was comprehensively monitoring and evaluating the situation of the raw material market in order to take measures with other partners when necessary. The purpose is to "minimize the influence of the production network as much as possible." 制 是 是 is also a material that needs to be used in automobile manufacturing, and also plays a certain role in future driverless technology.
Germany no longer has its own 锗 and 锗 production industry. According to the German Institute of Federal Geological Sciences and Resources, a German factory operated by the Vital Pure MetalSolution under the pioneers of the Chinese -funded enterprise, Guangdong, has produced these two materials in the past, but both have been discontinued. In 2016, German AOS Aluminum Corporation also stopped production.
To prevent potential crisis EU formulating plans to promote the diversification of rare earth supply chain 
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国管制镓、锗出口，德国做好准备了吗？/a-66136843?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
At least 16 people died at least 16 people in South Africa slums 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T11:50
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T19:03
Description: At least 16 people died in a slum near Johannesburg, South Africa, and at least 16 people died, including children. The emergency service department posted on Thursday (July 6) that the disaster on Wednesday (5th) believes that it is related to illegal mining activities.
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['南非']
At least 16 people died in a slum near Johannesburg, South Africa, and at least 16 people died, including children.
The emergency service department released news on Thursday (July 6) that the disaster on Wednesday (5th) believes that it is related to illegal mining activities. The accident occurred in Angelo (Angelo) near the BOKSBURG in the eastern BOKSBURG point.
After the emergency service department was rescued, the number of deaths was corrected from 24 to 16. Emergency service spokesman Williamntladi told AFP at the scene: "At present, 16 people have confirmed death at the scene.
He said that of the hospitalized patients, four wounded people were "dangerous" and 11 people were "serious but stable." He added that one of the minors was sober. There are five women and three children of the deceased.
Endiradi said that the emergency service department received a phone call about the explosion of gas caused by gas at about 8 pm on Wednesday at 8 pm (Singapore on Thursday), but after arriving, they found that it was a "cylinder leak", which contained " Poisonous gas ".
Xinhua News Agency quoted Endradi that after arriving at the scene, the emergency personnel found that a nitrate gas leak occurred in a yard. Endiradi added that preliminary information showed that these gases were "used for illegal mining activities."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411178 
Minister of McGrady Yellen visit to China to try to repair the relationship between the United States and China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:10:32-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T12:10:32-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 US Finance Minister Yellen arrived earlier on the 6th ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-07-06T12-10-32-04-00/000001.png) Associated Press Picture
U.S. Financial Minister Yellen arrived earlier to Beijing for four days of visit. After arriving, Yellen posted on Twitter that "we will take necessary action to protect US national security. This interview provides an opportunity to communicate and resolve misunderstandings with China."
The Associated Press quoted an official of the US Ministry of Finance that the purpose of Yellen was: Washington hopes to have a healthy competition with China in terms of economy, but based on security considerations, there are restrictions on trade. Two types of minerals and solar panels of the chip are worried about export restrictions on export.
Yellen is expected to meet with Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang on Friday that the two sides will repair the relationship between the two countries due to security, technology and other issues. US Treasury officials said that Yellen will not meet with Chinese leaders Xi Jinping
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-07062023120016.html 
John Cry, a special envoy of the US Presidential Climate Change, is expected to visit China in mid -July 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:11:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T14:39:42-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 U.S. Presidential Climate Change Event special envoy John Kerry Associated Press Picture
Bloomberg cited sources on Thursday that John Kerry, a special envoy of the US Presidential Climate Change, plans to visit China in mid -July.
This trip is one of the itineraries of U.S. Treasury Minister Yellen, a US Treasury Minister who is currently visiting Beijing earlier in the earlier of the US Secretary of State Broskens earlier.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-07062023120200.html 
Meifei launched the 2023 Navigation Support Exercise 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:12:23-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T12:12:23-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the U.S. Seventh Fleet in the Philippine Sea. U.S. Pacific Fleet Twitter Screenshot
The Philippine Army and the U.S. Marine Corps No. 6 launched a 2023 -year aviation support exercise. Robertbrodie, the commander of the first district of the US Marine Corps, said the exercise could strengthen the aviation, ground and logistics -related capabilities of the United States and Philippines.
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, the US Embassy in the Philippines stated that the US -Philippine Army reservations launched real bombs, seized airports, bilateral air assaults, joint ammunition and fuel supplies in front, and other joint aviation support training.
Brock also said that by sharing the knowledge and skills of air combat, actual bombs and other dozens of training, the US -Philippine troops can deepen their partnership and promote the freedom, opening up and prosperity in the Indo -Pacific region.
Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-07062023120510.html 
Xi Jinping inspected the Eastern theater of the PLA and said 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:17:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T13:07:45-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chinese leader Xi Jinping inspected the Eastern theater of the PLA on Thursday The online picture was when the US Finance Minister Yellen arrived in Beijing to try to repair relations between the United States and China. Chinese leader Xi Jinping inspected the eastern theater of the PLA on Thursday. Xi Jinping said, "The current world has entered a new turbulent change, and China's security situation is unstable and uncertain. It is necessary to increase the joint combat command system of theater, greatly focus on military training, and accelerate the ability to win." According to the official Chinese media, Xi Jinping also said that it is necessary to thoroughly implement the 20th spirit of the party, implement the military strategic policy of the new era, anchor to enter the 100 -year struggle goal, and create a new situation in the war zone construction and prepare for war. It is reported that Zhang Youxia and others of the Central Military Commission also visited the relevant activities. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-07062023121324.html 
International Organization of International Non -Government: Chinese companies have committed more than 100 global violations of human rights and disrupting environmental behaviors 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:20:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T12:55:39-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The cover of the report published by the Business & Human Rights Resource Center [![![] The official website of the Corporate Responsibility Resources Center Screenshot of the Business Organization of the Corporate Responsibility Resources (Business & Human Rights Resource Center) announced that in 2021 and 2012, many overseas mining companies have suspected 102 persecution cases, with more than four. One of them happened in Indonesia. In this report entitled "Behind Clean Energy: Human Rights and Environmental Impacts of Chinese Overseas Transformation Minerals Investment", it is found that in the transformation and mineral supply chain, including overseas mining and processing processes, there are outstanding human rights and environmental risks Essence Among the 18 countries suspected of persecution of Chinese companies, 27 occurred in Indonesia, 16 Peru, 12 Congo, 11 in Myanmar, and 7 Zimbabwe. The report also said that more than two -thirds of the allegations involved the human rights of local residents, including affecting the livelihood of residents and the people of the indigenous people, and insufficient consultation. More than half of the allegations are related to the negative environment, and one -third of the accusations involved the right to work, which is specifically the health and safety risks of the workplace. A spokesman for the "Enterprise Responsibility Resources Center" said, "Based on China's important role in the global energy field, China can lead a responsible energy re -transformation. Only Chinese enterprises and regulators take positive measures can we solve the widespread human rights human rights And environmental issues ". Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-07062023121835.html 
Stop suspicious fishing boat Mazuo maritime officials were cut by Vietnamese fishermen 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:24
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T12:24
Description: A Malaysian Maritime Law Enforcement Agency (APMM) law enforcement officials were severely cut into injuries by Vietnamese fishermen. "Xingzhou Daily" reported that the incident of attacking law enforcement officials occurred at about 11:30 in the morning on Wednesday (July 5), and 27 -year -old law enforcement officials Sha ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['渔船', '马来西亚', '越南']
A Malaysian Maritime Law Enforcement Agency (APMM) law enforcement officials were severely cut into injuries by Vietnamese fishermen.
"Xingzhou Daily" reported that the incident of attacking law enforcement officials occurred at about 11.30 am on Wednesday (July 5th), and the 27 -year -old law enforcement official Shakir Zuli's head was cut.
In the statement, the director of the maritime law enforcement agency of Dengjialou pointed out in the statement that before the incident, Shakir Zuli and 17 colleagues intercepting a suspicious fishing boat in the sea area about 148 nautical miles from Guaden Jialou. He said: "Law enforcement officials boarded the fishing boat for inspection, and a Vietnamese fisherman suddenly issued difficulties in attacking Shakir Zuli, chopping his head."
"In the chaos, the thigh and head of a Vietnamese fisherman were injured in the chaos, and the left arm, left thigh and right thigh of the other two fishermen were injured."
He said: "After the law enforcement officers, the scene successfully controlled the scene, and the 15 Vietnamese fishermen were arrested on the ship. The injured Shakir Zuli, helmsman and three fishermen were sent to the Kuantan Central Hospital for treatment by the helicopter."
He said that the Vietnamese fishing boat suspected to be illegally broke into the Malaysian waters to fish. They could not show any identity documents and work permits, and the fishing vessels did not have a fishing license issued by the Dengzhou Fisheries Bureau.
 The injured law enforcement officials and Vietnamese fishermen were later sent to the hospital for treatment by the helicopter. (Provided by Malaysia Maritime Law Enforcement Agency)
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411186 
"Risk -de -risk" to China is not the company's own business (free version) 
Authors: ['艾伦•贝蒂']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T12:31:50+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T08:34:99+08:00
Description: Betty: To "de -risk" for trade in China, you must first evaluate what the government wants to do, rather than preaching that the government has nothing to do with this matter.
Images: [" 000186667_pic... "]
Themes: ['观点', '中欧关系', '关注']
Keywords: ['中欧关系', '中德关系', '产业政策', '电动汽车', '贸易', '跨国公司', '芯片', '半导体', '出口管制']
Type: Article
 Dang German Chancellor Olav Tonz(Olaf Scholz)Last week, it was told by the company that when the enterprise was "risky" to China, many people in the board of European companies must have taken their eyes rolling. Over the years, governments and EU committees of various EU countries(European Commission), Joe Biden(Joe Biden)The White House of the leaders and the Chinese government have always issued a conflict on mutual conflict between multinational enterprises, telling companies where they should invest, and increasingly resorted to subsidies that do not set up the limit to achieve their goals, and the noise formed is deafening.
It is obviously not frank (these words are surprisingly similar to that of Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang's week ago). Even during the period when the situation is not so tense, the high politicalization of trade disputes means that in some areas, business and official decisions are intertwined -especially in Germany, because in this country, government, enterprises, and trade unions There are strong links between them.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100180 
Anwar: MCA and the National University of the National University cannot choose the two parties to indicate that they continue to support the government 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:33
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T12:33
Description: Malaysian Prime Minister Anhua said that the chairman of MCA and the National University of the National University has contacted him, expressing the decision to not be in the six states, and the two parties also show that they will continue to support the unity government. "Nanyang Commercial Daily" reported that after the opening ceremony of Anhua on Thursday (July 6), he presided over the opening ceremony of the International Society's Welfare Conference ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马国六州选举', '安华', '马来西亚']
Malaysian Prime Minister Anhua said that the chairman of MCA and the National University of the National University has contacted him, expressing the decision to not be in the six states, and the two parties also show that they will continue to support the unity government.
The Nanyang Commercial Daily reported that after the opening ceremony of Anhua on Thursday (July 6) for the International Society's Welfare Conference, it responded to the decision of MCA and the National University Party in the state.
He is grateful to the two parties to prepare for the election in the state to continue supporting the unity government and defending the government's position.
In response to the meeting between former Prime Minister Mahathir and Muyudin, it will affect the performance of hoping that the alliance and the National Front election in the six states. Anwar bluntly said that this is not new, and this group of people will continue to "conspire."
He said: "Unity government has the responsibility to continue saving the country and the people."
The General Secretary of the National Congress of the National Congress, Rajaharklan, pointed out that after exploring the current political situation and listening to each party member, the party's meeting held on June 30 was decided not to participate in the six states elections.
He issued a statement on the 5th that the decision was designed to protect the interests of the party. At present, the National University Party will focus on creating a stronger party structure process to cope with the next election.
He also said that, despite this, the National Congress promised to perform the role of a member of the Barisan Nasional, and has also informed the party's decision Anhua.
Earlier, Zhang Shengwen, the General Secretary of MCA, issued a statement that the meeting of the Party's Central Committee will not be elected in the six states, but will assist the Barisan Nasional members of the party candidates.
In addition to the MCA and the National University of the National University, the Barisan Nasional Party also includes UMNO and the Sabah People's Solidarity Party (PBRS).
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411187 
Special report: No hope and no "export" -China Chinese younger generation under the risk of depression 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:34:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T14:54:46-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The problem of mental depression has become more serious in China in recent years, especially the risk of young people suffering from depression is significantly higher than those of other ages. RFA drawing
On Tuesday, the news of the famous Chinese pop female singer Li Yan shocked from all walks of life because of depression. The problem of mental depression has become more serious in China in recent years, especially the risk of young people suffering from depression is significantly higher than those of other ages. What is the reason for this?
"Four Nothing Youths" and "House Girl on the Street" Where are the hope of young people in China? **** Watching the news of the Chinese youths with tears in tears On the evening of July 5, the famous Hong Kong female singer and 48 -year -old Li Yan suddenly reported the news of his death. Her sister Li Silin posted on Weibo that Li Yan suffered from depression a few years ago. She was born lightly at home on July 2. After the rescue was invalid, she died on July 5. This news not only appeared on the news of the major Chinese media, but also caused people to pay attention to the phenomenon of depression.
 
In the past 20 years, the incidence of mental disorders and depression in China has grown explosive, and the age of patients has also declined significantly. In February this year, a team of the National Mental Health Evaluation Development Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences Psychological Institute issued the "China National Psychological Health Development Report (2021 ~ 2022)". The report shows that the risk of depression in Chinese adults is 10.6%. Among them, young people are high -risk groups in depression, and the depression risk detection rate of the aged group aged 18 to 24 reaches 24.1%, which is significantly higher than that of other ages; It is also significantly higher than the age groups of 35 and above. At the same time, the age differences of the detection rate of mental anxiety risk also show similar trends.
The report shows that the so -called "depression risk" is not a "depression" diagnosed by a professional physician, but refers to the measurement of the interviewees using the standard psychological test method. The possibility of depression.
Screenshot of the cover of "Chinese National Psychological Healthy Development Report (2021 ～ 2022)"
So, what impact does the mental health of young people have on social development? Ren Ruihong, former Minister of Medical Rescue Department of the Chinese Red Cross Foundation, told this station: "This generation is actually the backbone of society, it should be the golden period of rising career, and to contribute to society. However, if the entire group (psychological) If there is a huge problem, you can imagine it like an explosive library. You don't know which day will erupt. "
Female young people who follow human rights: fear but not understood 
When it comes to the problem of mental depression, Wang Xia, who lives in a rental house in Beijing and is in a semi -lost state, told reporters that the first sentence was: "I almost jumped off the building yesterday afternoon."
Wang Xia graduated from the university for 3 or 4 years. The recent depression was due to her and her mother quarreled on the phone. She said: "When I answered the phone, she cried for a long time to her (mother), and shouted, and then I pushed the window on the balcony. At that time, I wanted to jump off the building, but my boyfriend quickly put it from behind. I hugged. "
Wang Xia has quarreled with her mother for many days, the direct reason is that she thinks that her mother is too strong and can't understand her: "Because there are too many things that my family does not want her to see." She said, "I don't want to let my mother see things" Souvenirs related to domestic human rights resistances are collected at home.
Since his college days, Wang Xia has paid attention to the issue of human rights of China. After graduation, she left her hometown to work in Beijing and continued to participate in human rights and public welfare activities. In the past two years, China's human rights and legal system has retreated, but Wang Xia still overcome his inner fear and participated in the assistance of people and young actors, including the arrested people who called for the rescue of the "white paper movement" last year. Although she did not do any "big things", she still experienced many trauma in her heart, and therefore had symptoms of anxiety and depression.
She said: "Once, I visited a family member of a friend who was in trouble. At that time, I was discovered by the National Security and was intercepted for one or two hours. That night, I started insomnia. It is difficult for me to concentrate on work and have been drinking. "
However, Wang Xia cannot relieve it by telling his family through these inner pain and pressure. She said: "My parents are all people in the system, and my mother is very desire to control. She likes to interfere with my private life and is also very contempt for my values. This feeling makes me feel disgusting and fearful."
China ’s psychological counseling services are expensive, and many so -called doctors do not have qualified qualifications. Wang Xia is also difficult to evaluate the risk of consulting such“ political depression ”. As a result, she has not been able to get good psychological counseling. In addition, the unstable work and the meager income also made her a serious sense of insecurity. She can only take antidepressants from time to time. Fortunately, her boyfriend often accompanies and gives her spiritual comfort and encouragement. College students who have been "duty" by the school 
Wang Xia's boyfriend Xiao Sun is still studying in college. They met in a group that discussed politics and came together because of the three views. However, in the school, Xiaosun is also the object of being closely monitored and suppressed by the school.
Xiaosun said that he initially refused to install the "National Anti -Fraud Center" application in accordance with the requirements of the school, opposing the program to collect personal information, and became the "objender" in the eyes of the school leader: "In fact, I didn't do anything too much too much Excessive confrontation, I did not call for others to resist with me. I just didn't pretend to be alone, but I was very low -key, but my counselor interviewed me. His attitude was actually quite bad, and talked to me. about an hour."
During the epidemic in 2022, Xiao Sun's university started from August to the outbreak of "White Paper Movement". However, the school's control regulations for students are verbally transmitted by teachers. Without text, students are dissatisfied, but it is difficult to complain. Xiaosun applied for information disclosure to the school's party committee office and requested the announcement of the relevant policy documents of the school. At that time, he also consulted a rights protection lawyer and did not expect that their WeChat private chat was discovered by the National Security.
Xiaosun said: "National Security directly found our school's defense office and asked to investigate me. I was continuously interviewed. Our principal was in charge of me. They whole me. "
Under the huge pressure, the little grandson had to give up the application for information disclosure. Later, the counselor also arranged a classmate in the same dormitory to monitor him and report his dynamics at any time. This made him feel very annoyed and fell into anxiety: "I will know that someone will stare at me at any time. I don't have any privacy and no sense of security."
Another reason why the little grandson feels anxious is that every Chinese college student is facing a huge academic pressure and employment pressure: "On the first day of enrollment, the dean gave us new students. I ca n’t find a job, only one road for postgraduate entrance examination. The entrance examination rate is so low, so everyone is basically desperate. "
On August 26, 2022, young people participated in the job fair in Beijing. (Agence France -Presse) Nightmare in the workplace of young women in the system **
Not only do students in the university feel depressed and desperate, but also young people who have been employed smoothly also feel that the status quo of social status that distorted them made them difficult to adapt. Liu Fang, who was in a small city, was diagnosed with depression after graduating from college for 4 years. She believes that this is first because the values they insist on are incompatible with the social work environment.
Liu Fang said: "If they criticize me, I am more" Chongyang Mei ", and my thoughts are westernized. I am more believed in that kind of universal value, that is, freedom and equal civil rights (people). It's equal. "
Liu Fang, who is straightforward, doesn't like blind obedience at work, and even disdain his superior. She said, so she was squeezed by the boss of the direct boss: "He feels like a emperor, and the people underneath must figure out the intention, but I am just not doing so. Picking my work, for example, I committed a small punctuation or a page number error, and he would say, do you come to work or come to play. When you have a weekly meeting, you will pick me out. , Scolding for half an hour to an hour, and this kind of PUA (referring to spiritual control) scolding. "
Liu Fang said that in addition to being publicly humiliated, her boss also had some sexual harassment behaviors, but she was directly rejected. This made her boss more dissatisfied with her. Liu Fang described that her mental abuse has been "like a nightmare" in recent years, but because the economy has continued to decline, she has not been able to find a job after the resignation, so she has to endure.
At the same time, Liu Fang also felt that the oppression of women in the entire Chinese society was still intensifying, including social hot news that harmed women such as "iron chain women" and "Tangshan beating incident", which caused huge in the heart of Liu Fang who advocated feminism. Impact: "No wonder many people say that in China, a marriage certificate is a seller. Because a man is married to you, he can beat you, scold you, slavery you, and then snatch your fertility results The results of labor. However, all people, including law, are supporting him. "
Because of being disappointed with the society, Liu Fang had been refused to fall in love, get married and had children, and was under pressure from his parents. In March of this year, the doctor confirmed that she suffered from depression.
The people became more depressed after the epidemic? 
In the past three years, the various severe epidemic control measures of the Chinese authorities have also caused serious negative impacts on the mental health of the people. Some surveys showed that during the closure of Shanghai last year, more than 40 % of Shanghai residents showed depression, and the number of psychological hotlines increased.
So after the epidemic, have people's psychological conditions improve?
"Let's say that, no one around me tells me that they are happy." Zhao Di, who is in Shanghai and is still in his 30s, told the reporter that now there is a big crisis in the country, whether it is private enterprises, state -owned enterprises or foreign companies, a lot of crisis, a lot The layoffs are very common: "In the past three years, everyone's dreams have been broken. Everyone feels that they have fallen into the bottom of the valley, and they lie flat. If you are not lucky, you carry millions of mortgage loans. There will be a feeling that life is not as good as death or every day. "
Zhao Di, who has long worked in foreign companies for a long time, said that as an important foreign window of China's economy, she only knows Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, and Western foreign companies that she knows. In the past two years, she has almost gone half or even 70%. In the first four months of this year, the economy has recovered slightly, but after the May Day holiday, it is a cliff -like deterioration. She explained: "Many people have found that they have not improved in these months, then I will retreat quickly and keep my life tight. In this way, I think (economy) is difficult to recover in the short term and years. Because of the recovery and reconstruction of confidence, this is based on the year (calculated). "
With the deterioration of the economic environment, what Zhao Di felt more depressed is that the space of speech was also significantly reduced, especially after the epidemic. She said: "Sometimes, I even saw that some netizens on the Internet were judged to be 'negative energy' or '" disagreement "because they talked about their unemployment, they did not get compensation, or they had to consider arbitration. The title is really inexplicable. "Zhao Di said that not only the friends around him have been blocked. Many of her online Vs who have been paying attention to on Weibo and Zhihu have also started from the epidemic, and because of the "red line" of some public opinion, And being stunned.
"When our main communication channel is cut off, everyone will feel very embarrassed, just like being covered with mouth, and then this feeling will ferment in our hearts. Sex depression. "Zhao Di said.
"This society is sick" 
Ren Ruihong, who had specialized in the youth psychological rescue project in China, told this station that the reason why Chinese young people's psychological problems are now prominent, mainly due to the high pressure and instability of the survival of the social environment.
"In the entire environment in China, we all know that economic pressure is great and social security is serious. Everyone is in a state of concern ... Many people in this generation are concerned about politics, especially in large cities. In the past They can also flip the wall and the net to complain, and now they are definitely dare not. "Ren Ruihong believes that young people in China have been squeezed under various pressures. To emotional exit.
"Most people's tolerance cannot be so good. When the extreme is reached, this negative emotion will spread throughout the society, (formed) a social depression." Ren Ruhong said.
Liu Fang mentioned earlier also told reporters that as long as you open the social media, everyone is venting their negative energy. Almost everyone has some kind of crazy thoughts: "This psychological disease has developed to this stage. I think this is not a personal problem, this is already a group trauma. "
Zhao Di said frankly: "I always feel that this society is sick, and now I can do it with one post or a few doctors." She believes that Chinese society has come to this day, everyone There are responsibilities, because many people are not a good person. "I think what everyone can do is start from themselves, don't do evil again. To be a good person, then such a society may gradually improve."
(For security considerations, young interviewees in this article Wang Xia, Xiaosun, Liu Fang, and Zhao Di are all pseudonyms.)
Reporter: Caddy Editor: He Ping.com Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/ytbdzhuantixilie/yiyu/kw-07062023111918.html 
"Twitter killer"? Zuckerberg launched Threads challenge Musk 
Creator: MIKE ISAAC
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:48:39+08:00
Description: Threads is an accompaniment application of Instagram, which is very similar to Twitter in many aspects. The launch of the product was poured on the grievances between Zuckerberg and Musk. Recently, many technology companies have tried to use Twitter's confusion. Via Meta Instagram's new application THRADS will allow users to directly import their Instagram attention list.
Images: [" 06instagram-0... "]
Category: 科技
Type: Article
 After several months of hugging the pipa half -cover, Mark Zuckerberg's Twitter competition Finally, the call came out.
This new application named Threads was released on Wednesday and is an accompanimental application of Instagram. The latter is a popular photo sharing website acquired by Zuckerberg more than ten years ago. If the grand willingness of Instagram executives is realized, Threads will replace the status of Twitter, and some technology practitioners have called it "Twitter Killer".
The launch of Threads is the grudge between Zuckerberg and Elon Musk The fuel was poured on the fire, the latter last year acquired Twitter Essence Musk modified the algorithm and other functions Change the user experience of Twitter Recently, the number of users can read the tweet on the program recently temporary limit It caused public anger.
In recent months, many technology companies have tried to [use Twitter's messy profit]](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/12/07/technology/twitter-rivals-alternative-platforms.html)Essence However, by relying on Meta's strong financial resources and Instagram's huge user base with more than 2 billion per month, Threads can still win on the starting line.
advertise
Zuckerberg posted on Wednesday on his THREADS account saying that he hoped that this new application "maintains friendship in the process of expanding users". He also believes that "Twitter has never achieved his due success" on this issue. Essence "We hope to do this well in a different way," he said.
Here are what you need to know about Threads.
What is Threads and how it works? 
Threads is developed by Instagram, and its positioning is an application that allows people to make real -time conversations. Threads also helps promoting heavy applications in Instagram's META product series.
"Our original intention was to establish an open and friendly space for various communities," said Instagram's person in charge of Instagram in an interview.
Instagram has deeply binded Threads. At present, users who are interested in registering Threads must first have an Instagram account. Threads's user name must also be the same as Instagram.
If you are willing, users can directly introduce Instagram's followers into Threads. Instagram certification users will also be certified in Threads. Users can set its Threads account to private or public.
What is the difference between Threads and Twitter? 
Threads is almost exactly the same as Twitter in many aspects. Users can publish most text -based information to rolling information flow, and both followers and followers can reply. Users can also post photos or videos on this application.
But Threads is also different from Twitter. It does not support the direct private message function of Twitter. Instagram said Threads may add functions according to the needs of new users.
Users can talk to each other in Threads and publish information to the flow of scroll information. via meta
Why did Instagram launch Threads? 
Massori said that Instagram has been deliberately subtraction in the past few years. Therefore, Threads was split into a separate application. He said that Instagram does not need to retain public dialogue in the application, which will not appear too crowded and chaotic.
advertise
Mesyli also said that, especially when the social media pattern is turbulent, the development of a new application is incredible.
"Making more people active in public space is an opportunity or needs," he said, referring to the change of Twitter under Musk's leadership. Massiri also said that the opportunity to challenge Twitter "not only comes from changes in its ownership, but also because of its products, as well as" Musk and others' decisions on the operation of this social platform.
"Our original intention was to establish an open and friendly space for various communities," said the person in charge of Instagram, Adam Mosyi, when he talked about Threads. Ricky Rhodes Forthe New York Times
At the end of last year, Instagram began to challenge Twitter, dozens of engineers, product managers and designers have put forward ideas for the research and development of competitive applications. The concepts of Meta employees at the time include a more wide range of features called "Instagram Note", allowing users to share short messages on the website, and a text -based application based on Instagram technology.
Museri said that he and other supervisors finally decided to "bet" in this field and began to create later Threads.
How to use Threads to use it with other applications? **advertise
This sounds like there are too many professional terms. In fact, Instagram means that THREADS can be more seamlessly compatible with other platforms, so as to attract creators and Internet celebrities, so they do not have to open on each application.
For example, if a creator has harvested a considerable number of fans in Threads, they can move these followers to other platforms based on the same technology. Mesyli said that this would reduce risks for creators, and made them not to feel that they were "trapped" on a certain platform.
Does Instagram re -engraved other applications? 
Zuckerberg's Meta also owns Facebook and WhatsApp. For a long time, the company has used re -engraving competitive functions as a means to try to eliminate other social media competitors. Zuckerberg is fighting for people, and he has long wanted to have a product that can replace Twitter.
This strategy does not always guarantee success. For example, Facebook has tried to re -engraved Snapchat in the early years, but it did not get much attention at first.
Even so, Meta continues to imitate competing. In 2020, Meta released a name Reels Tiktok replica, focusing on short videos, has been widely used since then.
advertise
Where can I get Threads? 
Starting from Wednesday, THREADS can be downloaded for free in Apple App Stores and Google Play stores in more than 100 countries in the United States. It plans to further expand the access channels.
But Meta said that the European Union was not among the regions of Threads, which is one of the largest markets of the company. "Digital Market Act" This new EU law will take effect in the next few months, and the bill will restrict large -scale technology companies to share data to share data. Meta said that before the EU's 27 member states were put on Threads, the company needs to wait and see more details of the bill implemented.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/technology/20230706/threads-app-meta-twitter-killer/ 
Yuan Gongyi said that the first election was held at the end of the year at the end of the year 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T13:40:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T14:18:30-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Hong Kong Democratic Activities Yuan Gongyi(right)He Liangyu(left)It is actively promoting the "Hong Kong Parliament". Yuan Gongyi was glorious about being wanted and thought he had done the right thing. Reporter Liu Fei shot Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaODAO/Gangtai/LF 07062023083954.html/@stream Yuan Gongyi, who was wanted by the Hong Kong Government because of promoting the "Hong Kong Parliament", was promoting the "Hong Kong Parliament" election event in Canada. He said that the wanted order did the right thing on behalf of himself, which scared the Chinese and Hong Kong governments. Many Canadian Hong Kong people say that they are not worried about safety and will participate in voting at that time and use votes to determine the future of Hong Kong.
The third anniversary of the National Security Law is wanted eight people in the name of "endangering national security" Yuan Gongyi organized "Hong Kong Parliament" Sydney Hong Kong people Lin Song expressed the election On the evening of July 5, about 70 people in a restaurant in Vancouver welcomed Yuan Gongyi to visit. Yuan Gongyi explained the operating progress of the "Hong Kong Parliament" to the people present.
The Hong Kong Police's reward this week was wanted to violate 8 Hong Kong people who fled overseas in violation of the "Hong Kong National Security Law". One of them was Yuan Gongyi.
Regarding the wanted order, he said that it was a good thing, which means that he did the right thing and hit the key to the Chinese regime. "Its key is: the people choose it the most. It is illegal. It says it represents 1.4 billion people and takes evidence. Who calls you? We choose it. No matter how you choose, we are legal. We are legal. Yes, it is recognized by the world. "
Yuan Gongyi said that Hong Kong needs real democracy, one person and one vote determine the future of Hong Kong, and the Hong Kong Parliament provides a platform for Hong Kong people to participate in a referendum. The active preparations of the past two years have now made great progress, and the software and hardware have gradually improved in many aspects. At present, they have actively encouraged the global Hong Kong people to run and vote.
Yuan Gongyi said that as long as it is a Hong Kong identity and the next generation of Hong Kong people, they can vote. It is expected that there are 6 million voters in the world. The first 35 members are planned to be selected to form the first Hong Kong parliament.
Yuan Gongyi explained to Vancouver Hong Kong people how to verify his identity through the Internet and ensure that the voting process is absolutely secretive. The on -site Hong Kong people listened carefully and raised many questions.(Reporter Liu Fei shooting) But under the National Security Law, how many people will be willing to come out and vote for Hong Kong people?
He Liangyu, chairman of the Hong Kong Parliament Preparatory Association, said: "Voting is an unknown vote. The process of sending the ticket is performed by VPN. We have done a safe guarantee. This is the infrastructure of the real residents of Hong Kong."
Yuan Gongyi said that the online referendum is very simple. Through the smart phone, facing the QR code, the voting process is completed in two or three minutes. Voting, where to vote, cannot track the record.
He estimates that at least hundreds of thousands can come out to vote, and the people are more powerful. "One more people(Chinese Communist Party)There is no way. If there are 500,000 people voting, how do you catch it? You can't catch 500,000 people!Many people are actually the best insurance. At that time, when everyone was holding a piece of white paper at that time, there was no way. "
The elderly, young and young, and men and men who participated in the dinner said that they are not worried about safety and are willing to vote.
"Have your own voice, choose your own representatives, and lobby the rights of Hong Kong people all over the world."
"How can we Hong Kong people do not stand up to our own? Definitely to vote!Hong Kong people come on!"
Yuan Gongyi also called on the Canadian government to support the Hong Kong Parliament, so that the Hong Kong Parliament and Ottawa will have more substantial cooperation in the future.
Reporter: Liu Fei Responsible Editor: 梒 网 网 Editor: Ruizhe
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/lf-07062023083954.html 
German media: I do n’t treat it when I get rid of raw materials 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T13:51:00Z
Description: The "Business Daily" commented that Europe has key metals and other minerals, and should be self -mining and processing, even if the cost is higher. Because this involves security issues. "New Zurich" wrote about Hong Kong activities. The democratic state should pay attention to the CCP's overseas monitoring activities and resolutely stop it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['德中关系', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '谷歌', '欧洲', '香港', '德国', '稀土元素', '雨伞革命', '香港政改']
Keywords: ['锗 镓', '稀土', '原材料', '关键金属', '出口管制', '中美', '德国', '欧洲', '香港', '悬赏通缉', '悬赏', '海外警察站', '统一战线']
Id: 66141108
A considerable rare earth mine was found in northern Sweden
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) "Commercial Daily" commented: "Although (although (China) announced 镓 镓 export control It is mainly targeted at the United States and Japan, but may also be a problem that Germany and Europe need to face Essence "
Comments: "The theoretical danger alone should be enough to promote the EU as soon as possible to implement the so -called raw material bill as soon as possible and promote key metals in local production and processing."
Comments: " There are resources Essence Sweden has discovered a graphite mine, which can be supplied to the entire Europe for many years. This raw material is particularly important for the production of electric vehicle batteries. Sweden also found a lot of rare earth minerals Essence There are many raw materials in Europe: for example, there are lithium mines in the Erz Mountains or the upstream of the upstream of the Rhine. The metal exists almost all over the world, but is almost processed in China. "
The comments wrote: "Although Europe plans to minimize lithium mines and then processes independently, these projects have been waiting for government decisions for several years. Others, such as Schitad in North Germany, have a lot of money because they have no economic profits. . This situation often occurs, because the other side is that Chinese machines ensure that their own companies have the lowest cost production conditions. "
Comments wrote that it is impossible to completely replace imported raw materials from China, nor is it the goal that should be pursued. "The goal should be to make the supplier as diverse as possible. Europe currently imports rare earths from China accounted for 90%. This proportion should be significantly reduced Essence "
Comments say that the production of key raw materials should be carried out in Europe. "This is not a question of whether it is profitable, but it should become a national security issue." Therefore, even if the cost is high, it should be allowed.
Hong Kong activists Luo Guancong and other eight people were wanted by the Hong Kong Government's reward
The so -called "Guoan" is actually the power of the person who wants to protect his own power 
"New Zurich" wrote: "Information is clear: China's long -arm stretching to Overseas Delivery No matter who they are, what kind of residence they have, which country they are. Because the so -called 'national security' refers to their own power to be guaranteed for those in Beijing. They feel threatened because they cannot be like as in your domestic territory Strict monitoring of overseas people. "
The article wrote that the way China used to increase the control of overseas people is not just a rough way for international rewards and wanted peace demonstrators. China is also abroad Operating a network The so -called "united front".
The article wrote: "The Spanish non -governmental organization Safeguard Defenders found that China has 100 illegal police stations overseas illegal police station Essence The Chinese government said that these offices are the service centers of overseas Chinese and are also to combat certain criminal acts. There are at least 11 such in Italy with a large number of Chinese.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/英國中國稱已關閉在英警察站/a-65845374)Essence The Italian government does not face this issue. "
"This is the real scandal. If the Chinese government can stifle the opponents in democratic countries, it will be the shame of these countries. Democratic countries must try to understand the increasingly cunning activities outside China as much as possible and resolutely stop it."
The article wrote: "Overseas Chinese, whether they are students, scholars, artists, media industry, writers, dissidents, Tibetans, Uyghur, they enjoy their rights in democratic countries. expression ](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/邝颂晴最大的改变是不再有表达的自由/a-66083995)Participate in the event, contact each other, and establish organizations. All of this is the right of their deprivation in China. "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or point of view of the Voice of Germany 
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：摆脱原材料依赖-时不我待/a-66141108?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Report: Pricig returns to Russia to recover 10 billion rubles and buckle weapons 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T13:52
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T14:05
Description: Many media quoted a Russian media news that the Russian mercenaries "Wagner" group founder Puligo was invited to return to Russia and retrieved the weapons that had been confiscated by Russia, including a Russian Defense Minister Shosh, pistol. But this news has not been received Russia ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '俄罗斯兵变', '俄乌战争']
Many media quoted a Russian media news that the Russian mercenaries "Wagner" group founder Puligo was invited to return to Russia and retrieved the weapons that had been confiscated by Russia, including a Russian Defense Minister Shosh, pistol. But the news has not been officially confirmed by Russia.
According to the China News Agency, according to the news of the St. Petersburg News Website "Fontanka.ru", on Tuesday (July 4), someone saw the BMW 7 Series of Parigen's Russian Federal Security Agency in the office of St. Petersburg, his security personnel, his security personnel Accompany another car.
It is reported that before, the Russian security department has invited Perigo to recover his guns. The guns were confiscated when searching for his mansion in the suburbs of St. Petersburg on June 24.
The New York Post particularly mentioned that Perigo Ren also retrieved a Glock pistol with his name, which is a gift given to him before the "Wagner incident".
It is reported that it is unclear whether Pryigon will return to White Ross immediately.
According to reports, last Sunday (2nd), investigators have returned 10 billion rubles (US $ 149 million) cash, US dollars and gold bars that have previously seized in St. Petersburg to Perigo.
Porigen announced on June 23 that he marched for "justice". His troops then controlled the Russian military headquarters of Rostov, southern Russia, and then went north to Moscow to advance. Bing Change The crisis was lifted one day later.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411197 
Yudu Technology encounters "Free Version" 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T14:06:26+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-05T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T10:06:99+08:00
Description: In the six months as of March this year, medical revenue has decreased by 55%. The analysis agency expects this medical data company to return this year to grow, but it also needs to prove its profitability.
Images: []
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊']
Type: Article
The author Xiyi Sheep, this article only represents the author's own point of view. 
Since the end of last year, Beijing has canceled the "clearing zero" policy and ended the punitive control measures that have caused serious impact on enterprises. Chinese companies have a general rebound. But medical big data expert Yudu Technology Co., Ltd.(2158.HK)However, in the opposite, after earlier last year's revenue began to shrink, the business accelerated.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100181 
The United States "resolutely" opposes China's restrictions on exports to convene allies to establish key supply chain toughness 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T14:06:36+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 18:37:02Z
Description: China has implemented export controls on the two rare metals, which are the two rare metals, for safeguarding national security and interests. A spokesman for the US Department of Commerce stated that the United States "resolutely" opposed this export control and will cooperate with allies to establish the toughness of a key supply chain.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-opposes-china-s-new-export-ban-as-yellen-visits-beijing-20230706/7169257.html 
Why does the Bayeon government support Israel's repeated attack on Palestinians? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T14:07:02
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T14:07:02
Description: Joe Bayeng's government supports Israel's invasion of Joning's unparalleled position, which is not different from previously supporting Israel's invasion of the Gaga Strip in May 2021 or attacking the city of the west bank of the Jordan River.
Images: [" 1-1688651308.png ", " 1-1688651505.jpg ", " 1-1688651556.png "]
Topics: ['专家专栏', '中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻', '评论']
Keywords: ['专家专栏', '中东', '巴勒斯坦问题', '政治', '新闻', '评论', '以色列', '巴勒斯坦']
Type: Article
 The Bayeng government confirmed the security of Israel in the recent aggression against Joning in Israel, but ignored the Palestinian civilian (Reuters)
Joe Bayeng's government supports Israel's invasion of Joning's unparalleled position, which is not different from previously supporting Israel's invasion of the Gaga Strip in May 2021 or attacking the city of the west bank of the Jordan River.
American analysts said that the United States' unswerving support for Israel has promoted and encouraged the Israeli right -wing government to continue to upgrade the violence against the Palestinian people on the west bank of the occupied Jordan River.
Since the establishment of Prime Minister Jeryami Neitamahu at the end of 2022, Israel has launched a military attack on the cities and camps on the west bank of the Jordan River almost every day, causing Palestinian civilian deaths including children.
On the other hand, Israel tries to expand the number of places in Palestine by increasing the number of settlers protected by the Israeli army and approved the construction of a new settlement.
As the Joe Bayeon government condemned the settlers violence and expressed his opposition to Nitanahu's settlement policy, the US government reiterated its support for Israel over and over again on all possible occasions.
The Israeli army conducted air strikes and ground attacks on the densely populated Joning refugee camp on Monday and Tuesday. Hundreds of soldiers participated in it. The White House once again confirmed the so -called Israel's "self -defense right".
In the statement, the White House talked about "we support Israel's security and protect its people from being relieved of Hamas, Islamic jilation organizations and other terrorist organizations." The White House stated that the Palestinian civilians ignored the Palestinian civilians and did not call for relegation.
Khaled Al-Jundi, director of the Palestinian project of the Middle East Research Institute of Washington, wrote on Twitter: "You can understand if you don't need a genius. It will only promote more violence and extremism. For the Bayeng government, it gives them unlimited, unprepared support, and it is irresponsible when it is better.
 Israel confirmed the signs of Washington's participation in Joning's action information
"Israel Self -Defense" lie 
Israel's largest lobbying group in the United States, the Israeli Public Affairs Commission (AIPAC) in the United States to preach: "Palestinian power institutions have lost their security control to Jining, which makes it a terrorist hotbed in Iran and forced the Israeli army to plus The intensity of great anti -terrorism to prevent attacks and protect the Israeli civilians. The United States must continue to support its allies Israel. "
The efforts of the "Israeli Lorion" originated from the "Israeli self -defense right", which makes the White House and the State Council that is easier to repeat this sentence after an accident or attack on Israel, rather than accountability.
Propagating Israel's position is not limited to these lobbying organizations. Many members of the State Council, members of the House of Representatives and Senate absolutely support Israel's aggression and repeat the phrase "Israel's self -defense rights".
This coincides with the positions of many US officials and the pre -peace process special envoy, such as Danis Rose, a negotiating representative of the peace process negotiations in the Barack Obama era.
Rose wrote on Twitter: "Although the Israelites protect their democracy through demonstrations, the Israeli army is hunting the terrorists established in Jenning and found weapons, explosives and bombing laboratories. It is not the manifestation of Israel's weakness, but the performance of strength. "
 President Biden regards the support of Israel as "very personal and lifelong commitment" (Reuters)
pro -Israel's Biden 
Biden's more than half a century of political experience constitutes a long -term record of his firm commitment to protect Israel's security and strengthen the partnership of the United States. During the 2020 campaign, he believed that his support for Israel was "very personal and penetrated him through him. Throughout career ".
Although Biden promised to restore the guidance principles that guided US diplomacy to respond to Israel-Palestine's conflict, including supporting the two countries' solutions, opposing Israel's annexation of land and building settlements, he did not give up Trump's Washington Embassy to Jerusalem The decision of the capital and did not reopen the Consulate in the United States in East in East.
The Bayeng government confirmed that it still plans to re -open the consulate in Jerusalem, which was closed by former President Donald Trump in 2019, but did not provide a timetable, nor did he launch any actual measures in this direction because it was worried about irritating Israel.
A endless consumption battle 
Experts of Carnegie International Peace Foundation and former US Middle East Peace negotiation Aaron David Miller said, "Due to the political strategy of lack of counter -terrorism operations on the west bank of the Jordan River, Hamas and Islamic jihad will be on multiple fronts. In the consumption of the battle, Israel weaken Palestine's power institutions, and makes Israel be responsible for the west bank of the Jordan River, which will make Israel's extremist Smochi and Ben Gevil happy. "
The Bayeng government does not want the situation of the West Bank of Jordan River to break out and get out of control. However, in the case of preferential considerations to establish a formal diplomatic relationship with the Arab countries, it will not put the relationship with Israel in danger. Preferred matters and placed it in the primary position of the east goal.
In this context, former officials and deputy director of the Middle East Institute, Brian Katuris, praised Bayeon's appointment of the former Ambassador to Israel, Daniel Shabier, is responsible for regional integration. He believes that this is an opportunity to promote the stability and prosperity of the entire region. Essence
Catois pointed out that Washington has taken some major diplomatic measures this year to promote the ease of the entire Middle East.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/opinions/expert-column/2023/7/6/%e6%8b%9c%e7%99%bb%e6%94%bf%e5%ba%9c%e4%b8%ba%e4%bd%95%e6%94%af%e6%8c%81%e4%bb%a5%e8%89%b2%e5%88%97%e5%b1%a1%e6%ac%a1%e8%a2%ad%e5%87%bb%e5%b7%b4%e5%8b%92%e6%96%af%e5%9d%a6%e4%ba%ba 
"Nine Section Line" also caused Vietnam to review Blackpink concert company webpage 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T14:09:00Z
Description: "Barbie Doll" has just been banned in Vietnam because of the scene that reflects China's "nine -stage line" that reflects China's "nine sections" in the South China Sea territory.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '南中国海主权争端', '越南']
Keywords: ['越南', '芭比', '九段线', '南海', '主权争议', '领海', 'Blackpink', 'K-Pop']
Id: 66141597
Blackpink will hold the first performance in Vietnam at the end of July
(Voice of German in Chinese) Before the South Korean K-POP women's group Blackpink launched a tour in Vietnam, the Vietnamese authorities checked the band's web page. Because some fans reported that there was a map of the South China Sea marked on the webpage.
Earlier, Vietnamese official media reported that Vietnam's ban on the Warner Brothers' highly anticipated films "Barbie Doll" was released in the country Because the map of one of the scenes shows China's unilateral territorial claim in the South China Sea. The U -shaped "nine -segment line" on the Chinese map indicates its territorial claims to most parts of the South China Sea, including Vietnam's large areas that belong to its continental shelf. Vietnam has been mining oil in the area.
The Ministry of Culture of Vietnam said on Wednesday (July 5) that it has ordered the inspection of the website, "to verify the skeptics of the nine -segment line by verifying the company's company in the Blackpink concert." Ask. Vietnamese netizens complained that the company's webpage appeared on a map with the nine -segment line.
The "Nine Section Line" of the South China Sea advocated by China
The organizer of the concert, the IME Entertainment Group of China and the Blackpink's Korean brokerage company, did not respond to Reuters' inquiries. According to reports, IME Entertainment's webpage could not be accessed on Thursday. The last update seen by Reuters on July 4th's cache version showed a vague nine -segment line.
For a long time, Vietnam and China have controversial sovereignty over the South China Sea. Vietnam has accused Chinese ships of violating its territorial sea. In July 2016, the International Arbitration Court of Hague made a ruling that China did not enjoy the historic rights based on the "Nine Section Line" under the "Convention on the United Nations Marine Law". China refuses to recognize the ruling.
Blackpink is one of the most popular women's groups in the music scene. The band plans to hold his first tour at Hanoi at the end of July. Blackpink seems to have become another entertainment company that has encountered trouble in Vietnam because of touching the sensitive topic of the "Nine Section Line" in Vietnam.
In 2019, the Vietnamese government banned the animated film "Snowman" of DreamWorks.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/九段线又惹祸了好莱坞新片在越南被禁/a-61111506)Essence Netflix was also controversial in 2021 because of the "Nine Section Line" controversy.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/九段线地图再引争议-netflix下架澳影集片段/a-59691202) 。
"Barbie Doll" is also banned in Vietnam for the appearance of the "Nine Section Line" in Vietnam
(Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/九段线-又惹祸-越南审查blackpink音乐会公司网页/a-66141597?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Leading and strengthening China's domestic cars are expected to occupy half of the domestic market this year 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T14:22:02+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 06:22:02Z
Description: International Commercial Consulting ALIXPARTNERS said on Wednesday (July 5th) that as the domestic market is increasingly dominated, Chinese automobile brands are expected to account for more than 50%of their domestic markets this year. This will be the first time that Chinese auto manufacturers have held most market share in China, the world's largest automotive market.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/chinese-brands-to-take-majority-of-domestic-auto-market-20230706/7169261.html 
Arrive in Yellen, China: avoid misunderstanding and communicate with each other 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-07-06T14:27:00Z
Description: US Treasury Secretary Yellen arrived in China on Thursday. She said that the interview provided the two parties with opportunities to communicate and avoid misunderstanding. Yang Yingming, director of the International Economic Relations of the Ministry of Finance of China, and the US ambassador to China Burns greeted at the airport. Will she meet with Chinese officials in this visit?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '美国', '德中关系', '中美关系']
Keywords: ['耶伦', '美国', '中国', '经济', '中美', '拜登']
Id: 66142735
Yang Yingming, Director of the Department of International Economic Relations of the Ministry of Finance, and the US ambassador to China, Burns, went to the airport to welcome Yellen
(Voice of Germany) US Treasury Secretary Yellen has opened a 4 -day trip to China. Shortly after arriving in Beijing on Thursday (July 6), she said on Twitter: "We seek healthy economic competition for American workers and companies, and hope to cooperate in global challenges." She pointed out that this time, this time, this time The interview provides the opportunity to communicate and avoid misunderstanding. However, Yellen also made it clear that if necessary, measures will be taken to "protect the security of our country."
Agence France -Presse reported that Yang Yingming, director of the Department of International Economic Relations of the Ministry of Finance and Nicholasburn, US ambassador to China, greeted the airport. Senior U.S. officials revealed that she would meet with the Prime Minister of the Chinese State Council on Friday to communicate with former Vice Premier Liu He, and it is expected that Yellen will exchange opinions from the economic conditions and global prospects on the two countries on the economic conditions of the two countries. She will also attend a dinner hosted by Zhou Xiaochuan, a governor of former China Central Bank. The outside world also pays attention to whether she meets with He Lifeng, the new Vice Premier of the State Council in China. She also expected to meet with representatives of American companies in China, China Anti -Spy Law, which was implemented since the beginning of this month Many foreign companies in China are nervous and worried, because the new law may bring more legal risks to foreign companies and individuals.
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Feng Delin Think Tank Speech 
On March 30, 2023, the Chairman of the European Commission Feng Delin gave a speech in English in the event hosted by the two European think tanks in Brussels. She pointed out that the economic relations between China and Europe are becoming increasingly unbalanced. The practice of "clearly integrating the military and business sectors" in China brings risks to European security. Therefore Use existing tools to safeguard European economic interests. "The relationship between us is not black or white, and our answers cannot be the case. Therefore, we must focus on de-Risking instead of deciring."
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
New keywords for China relations 
Feng Derine's speech has received great attention. The saying "risk" also began to be cited by the media and politicians in Germany and the United States. The New York Times believes that this statement is a new summary of the European Union's relations with China. German and French diplomats have since promoted the concept of "de -risk" in international organizations and reflected it in the statement of the G7 Summit of the Hiroshima G7 summit in May of that year. In the content. The German Mirror Weekly pointed out that Feng Delin hopes to retain space on the words, which is different from the "decourse" used in the United States for a period of time.
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Dependence is a "good choice"? 
Germany Foreign Minister Berbak also stated during the April China Celery China that Germany did not want to "decume" with China, but to "reduce risks", that is, Europe should reduce its dependence on "unhealthy" in China. At the same time, Qin Gang, a Chinese foreign minister who attended the press conference at the same time, responded that "China and Germany are partners, not opponents", and the two parties rely on the supply chain "the best choice in market rules"; as long as both countries remain open, "there is no need to be necessary to be unnecessary. Worry about the so -called dependence. "
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Shawrtz is the initial figurine? 
Some German media noticed that it was not Feng Delin, but the German Chancellor Salz that was the first to publicly use the word "de -risk". In November 2022, the German "Star" magazine (Stern) quoted his relying on the Chinese industrial chain in a report before Salz's visit to China: "Risks and diversification are the top priority." But At the time, this statement did not attract special public opinion.
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Financial term 
The term "de-Risking" is not a new invention, but a term in the financial industry that refers to the contraction or termination of transactions in banks or investors to reduce the risk of paying contracts. In January 2023, the Chairman of the European Executive Committee Feng Delin also stated at the World Economic Forum that although the EU needs to "cooperate with China and trade", it still needs to amend the direction of business transactions with China and seek to seek this world with this world. The second largest economy "reduces risks, not decoupling."
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Sha Liwen: Free of stress 
Officials in Washington also began to use the "risk" expression. At the end of April this year, Jakesullivan, a US national security adviser, said in a speech at the Brukinson Society in Washington, saying, "Risk of risk means an effective supply chain with elasticity and ensure that we will not be coerced by any country." " We just need to ensure that the technology of the United States and the allies will not be used to deal with ourselves, "instead of cutting off trade. He emphasized that" as President Feng Delin said recently. "
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Consensus on the Atlantic Ocean 
The German "Business Daily" pointed out that on this issue, Feng Delin, German Chancellor Shulz, and US national security adviser Su Liwen have obviously formed a consensus. "Different from the" decoustal "is that the purpose of" risk "is not to be economical in economics, but to enhance Europe's own economic pressure resistance."
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
G7 Summit Yu Yin 
Who invents "de -risk"? 
Beijing: Don't "Learn the Tongue" 
Beijing, which was very dissatisfied with the G7 meeting, had a fierce reaction. The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs (pictured) previously stated on the G7 bulletin: "For the so -called" economic stress ", the United States engaged in unilateral sanctions and 'detachable chains' is the true' coercion" of political and trade relations. We advise the Seven Kingdoms Group not to do the same conspiracy and accomplices of economic coercion. "
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
强 强 强 
Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang said at the opening ceremony of the World Economic Forum (WEF) "Summer Davos Forum" held in Tianjin on June 27, saying: "Now in the West, some people are hype, so -called 'dependence, risks to risks' , I think to a certain extent, these two sentences are a pseudo -proposition. "He believes that risk control should be" corporate to make corresponding judgments and choices ". Risk expansion, politicalization, and ideology "will be extended.
*#
Who invents "de -risk"? 
String into the European Union's strategy to China 
The common policy for China is also an important issue at the EU summit ended on June 30. Summit jointly stated that it will support the continued economic and trade relations with China while reducing Europe's economic dependence on China. "Risk of Risk" officially appeared in this statement and became a concept. In the future, the European Union will use it as a guidance policy to launch a strategy to China. However, some criticisms have stated that the "de -risk" currently expressed by the European Union still lacks specific plans and responsibilities.
It is expected that Yellen will have a major breakthrough in this trip, but according to U.S. officials, Yellen will promote the consequences of providing key aid to Russia with key assistance to Russia. Yellen once again stood between China and the United States. This Monday, China ’s Ministry of Commerce announced export control on the metal 镓 镓 and 锗 related items required to manufacture high -performance chips Essence The Wall Street Journal also reported this week that the United States plans to issue a ban, but Yellen may establish a bridge with China with China in terms of common global challenges. Jakecolvin, president of the National Foreign Trade Association, believes that the interview may help the two parties establish a "new normal" and establish a foundation in bilateral relations. However, the tariff measures imposed by the former Trump administration will not be canceled, as well as export control issued by Biden.
Bloomberg reports that the US Climate Special Envoy Cry also plans to go to China this month to conduct global warming negotiations. The report quoted people familiar with the matter and said that Kerry's visit may be carried out around July 16. Before the visit of Yellen, the US Secretary of State visited China last month and met with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
How to hurt the transnational business of Sino -US relations 
(Reuters, Agence France -Presse, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/抵达中国-耶伦：避免误会-相互沟通/a-66142735?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Column | Military Forbidden Area: The next step from the soldier to the Palace -Putin? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T14:38:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T14:54:34-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Strekov delivered a speech on "We Need to Win the War". TELEGRAM Telegraph Channel Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhunlawujinqu/mil-07062023104213.html/@stream Audience friends, hello everyone. What you are listening to is the "Military Forbidden Area" column of Radio Free Asia. I am the host of the column. Today, Talking about the dilemma of Russian President VladimirPutin in the Russian and Ukraine War. Putin's life was very bad for a while. The head of his hardcore allies, Wagner Group, launched a mutiny on June 24. Although it was only one day, he lost a team with combat effectiveness, and also revealed that his leadership in armed forces was not as powerful and absolute as the outside world thought. There is a problem with the high level of the Russian army Wagner Group is a Russian mercenary organization. During the Russia -Ukraine War, it was quite powerful, especially in the Bakhmut battle as the main attack to attract the Ukraine and recapture the initiative of the battlefield for the Russian army. Poriger's senior leaders of the Russian military were not available. At the critical moment, he failed to supplement ammunition and harmed their vitality. Now they want to compile Wagner Group. The two sides tear up their faces, causing the soldiers to change. I did not think about the mediation of Belarusan President Alexanderlukashenko, and the soldiers came to an end. It stands to reason that Pricigin and Putin can ventilate each other and should not reach this step. As a result, he chose extreme means, and Putin was lost. Purigjin claimed that this operation was not aimed at Putin, but he settled through the third part of the mediation, indicating that there was no trust between him and Putin. It is strange that the Vagna mercenaries enter the east of Russia from the eastern part of Ukraine and occupy the city of Rostov on the banks of the river, and then advance to Voronezh to Voronezh to Voronezh, along the M4 Federal Highway, and enter Moscow. Within 200 kilometers. For more than a day, the mercenary spanned 4 administrative districts and moved to more than 600 kilometers. There was almost no resistance along the way. Putin qualitatively became an armed rebellion before the "civil war". The situation was so urgent, and the Vagna mercenary moved into Moscow all the way, but he did not encounter interception and resistance, showing that there was a problem with the high -level Russian military. At least there were differences in the judgment of the incident. The biggest possibility of the Russian general Sergeisurovikin was probably the biggest point. He served as the commander of the United Force of the Russian Invasion Action Area in October last year and fell into the deputy commander in January this year. Change before the array, which is doubtful. "Moscow Times" disclosed on June 28 that Surovin was arrested. According to sources, the arrest was carried out in the "background of Porigoin". "He (Surovijin) chose the Pricigin side during the rebellion and was caught." The source did not explain the whereabouts of Surawin, and it was not clear that he was detained as a suspect or a witness. It is reported that the Kremlin is cleaning the mutiny participants, including Surovijin, and three senior Russian generals were detained and interrogated. In addition, the Russian Ministry of Defense and 13 generals, including the Ministry of General Staff, were also charged. If the news is true, the Russian army, which is originally low in morale, worsen. * * Wagner's vitality injury For the future of Wagner, the Russian Defense Minister Sergeishoigu pointed out on July 3 that Pleigo agreed to be Belarus. Sign the contract, the rest will not be hunt. Porigin claims that there are 25,000 Wagner soldiers he conducted, but British intelligence units have judged at most 8,000. The Russian news website "Verstka" disclosed that Belarus has built a barracks that can accommodate 8,000 people in the southeast of Minsk. Satellite images show that on July 1st, the Vagna mercenaries gradually transferred to Belarus and built about 300 tents in the wild camps. It is estimated that the camp can accommodate 8,000 people. It shows that this should be the current Wagner's complete armed force. The rest may continue to move in Africa and other places. Australia's retired Major General Mickryan believes that even if Vagna mercenaries have returned to the battlefield after signing a contract with Russia, it is not enough to win the Russian and Ukraine War. Some analysts pointed out that the possibility of attacking Ukraine and the possibility of attacking Ukraine is not high, because Wagner Group's vitality injuries in Ukraine, which requires a considerable time to recruit people. The Wagner Group will know how to save strength. At present, Putin's temporary termination of the inconsistent factor that may trigger the civil war. But for the overall situation of the Russian and Ukraine War, Putin is still struggling in the predicament. Someone fired a heavy artillery and criticized him to be unsuitable. He should step down as soon as possible. Putin finally finished the mutiny, and now he has to face the public opinion of the palace. ** Putin couldn't win, and stepped down. The end of the next day (June 25), a group of extreme nationalists in Russia gathered in Moscow to express their views on the battle situation. Their views are very straightforward: Russia defeated on the battlefield. If Putin could not solve this problem and achieved victory, he had to hand over power. The leader is Igorstrelkov (Igorkin Igor Girkin), who has served as Colonel of the Russian Federal Security Agency (FSB) and is a notorious legend.
On the day of the mutiny on June 24, Putin gave an emergency TV speech in Moscow. The next day the extreme nationalists shouted loudly, Putin stepped down without winning the Russian and Ukraine War. (Reuters picture) 
(The host of this show is a military commentator who has long been concerned about cross -strait and Indo -Pacific military security affairs for a long time.)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/junshiwujinqu/mil-07062023104213.html 
US Treasury Secretary Yellen arrived in Beijing's key issues to look first 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T14:50:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T15:58:02-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On July 6, 2023, US Finance Minister Yellen arrived at Beijing Capital International Airport. Reuters picture AUDIO-LINK: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj 0706202600.html/@stream After visiting China, Antony Blinken, US Secretary of State, Janentyellen, US Finance, arrived in Beijing on Thursday and began a four -day visit. In this trip, what issues do the United States and China focus on? Can the two sides reach consensus in the fields they pay attention to?
U.S. Treasury Secretary's visit to China to release restrictions on the export of semiconductor materials ?(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/gt-07032023032816.html) * Yelun's visit to China to re -establish contact with Beijing On July 6, US Finance Minister Yellen arrived in China and opened her four -day visit to China. It is expected that this Friday will meet with Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang and former Deputy Prime Minister Liu He. Whether Yellen can stop falling from the perspective of the two countries to the trough of US -China relations from the perspective of the two countries, which has attracted much attention from all walks of life.
On the eve of arriving in Beijing, Yellen wrote on Twitter that she hoped that this trip would promote the good competition in the United States and China, and to enhance the communication between the two major powers.
Scholars: Different from the United States and China, this trip may be very effective 
For Yellen's China trip, Johnlee, a senior researcher at the Hudson Institute of Washington Think Tank, analyzed in this interview that Yellen will adopt a gentle attitude towards Beijing, but due If it is too big, it is difficult to obtain major results in this trip: "Yellen is actually suspicious in taking strict economic measures for China. Therefore, Yellen will intuitively want to ease the hostility in the middle of the United States. Lun will want to persuade China, 'The United States does not want the economic relations between the two parties to worsen further'. But this will be an impossible task, although she will pass the Bayeng government to pass a more mild position, but the structure is huge in the middle of the United States. The difference cannot be solved. "
Robertsutter, a professor of international affairs at George Washington University, told this reporter that although the United States and China are difficult to obtain consensus in terms of economy, another important task of Yellen will be the establishment of the United States and the middle and senior management. Communication channels: "The U.S. government hopes to establish communication channels between the two governments and jointly bear economic and business responsibilities. Yellen's China Travel can make the United States and China know each other better, but the two parties will not compromise from each other's positions. , The hostile in the middle of the United States is still very strong ... would there be more good communication between the two sides? Will the two parties find the space for policy adjustment? I think it is possible. "
On July 6, 2023, US Finance Minister Yellen arrived at Beijing Capital International Airport. (Reuters) Scholars: U.S. -China trade differences cannot be avoided 
According to Reuters quoted a U.S. officials from Yellen, Yellen's trip hopes to discuss with China on the issue of "unfairness" trade, including Chinese companies recently adopted punitive measures for American companies, restricting U.S. companies entering China to enter China Markets and other issues.
In May of this year, the Chinese government prohibited the processing of key information on the grounds of security censorship to purchase the storage chip of the US chip company Micron Technology (MU.O). US Secretary of Commerce Ginaraimondo has pointed out that the United States has resolutely opposed it and will not tolerate Chinese economic coercion.
Ji John believes that the differences in trade issues in the United States and China are related to the long -term economic policy of China: "China's unfair trade measures, including subsidies, intellectual property theft, and manufacturing trade barriers for American companies. The United States and China cannot avoid confrontation in the economy and science and technology fields. "
Yellen China announced that the rare metal export control was announced on the eve of the visit to China 
Since last year, the US Biden Government has been to restrict measures such as high -end chip exports to prevent sensitive technologies such as semiconductor technology, biotechnology, and artificial intelligence in the United States to China. On the eve of Yellen's visit to China, the Ministry of Commerce of China announced the export restrictions on exports of two key semiconductor raw materials two key semiconductor raw materials for countermeasures.Sartre believes that Ye Lun should discuss the issue of restricting rare metal exports with the above -mentioned Chinese dignitaries, but it is difficult for both parties to reach a consensus: "Because the United States has previously restricted advanced technology exports to China, China is now revenge on revenge now. The United States. I believe that when Yellen visits China, the two parties should discuss this issue, but this is a deadlock. I am not sure which party will give up. The Biden government is very tough on this issue; but Xi Jinping usually does not conquer, so I think such an deadlock will continue. "
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Responsible: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei * **
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/tj-07062023102600.html 
Ariana Type 5 Rockets Lift the last task to complete the last task 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T14:51
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T15:16
Description: European Ariana Type 5 Rockets launched a launch from French Guiyukuru Space Center at 0:00 on Thursday (July 6) at zero time (6 am in Singapore time). It ended his 27 -year service career. Xinhua News Agency reported ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['欧洲', '火箭']
European Ariana Type 5 Rockets launched a launch from French Guiyukuru Space Center at 0:00 on Thursday (July 6) at zero time (6 am in Singapore time). It ended his 27 -year service career.
Xinhua News Agency reported that this is the 117th time and the last flight task performed by Ariana 5 Rockets (Arian5). It is equipped with a French army's communication satellite and a German trial communication satellite to complete the "curtain journey". This launch was originally scheduled to be held on June 16 this year, and then due to the problems of the Pyrotechnicallines in the Rockets and the weather, and the weather was delayed twice.
Agence France -Presse reported that Sebastienlecornu, a French armed forces minister, said on social media Twitter that the satellite "marks a major turning point of our armed forces: its better performance belt Come stronger anti -interference ability. "
Marie-Anneclair, director of Guyana Aerospace Center, told France-France-France-France-France-France-France-France-France-France.
The Ariana Type 5 rocket started difficulties. It exploded shortly after launching the launch in 1996, and another explosion accident occurred in 2002.
Engineer Hervegilibert said the 2002 explosion was a "trauma experience" and "impressed us." He said that the initial error "had a positive impact and kept us absolutely vigilant."
The Ariana Type 5 Rockets sent Galileo satellite navigation system and James Webb Space Telescope into space. Ariana Group CEO Martin Xiong said in the news bulletin that the Aliana 5 rocket occupies a place in the history of world aerospace.
Agence France -Presse pointed out that due to the delay in development of the next -generation Ariana 6 rockets and the withdrawal of Russia's withdrawal Rockets, the European continent was then caught in a situation that could not independently perform space launch tasks. The Ariana type 6 rocket is expected to be launched for the first time at the end of this year.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411205 
What is the purpose of Xi Jinping's continuous inspection of the southern and eastern theater? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T15:05:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T15:59:34-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On July 6, 2023, Xi Jinping inspected the eastern theater. Video screenshot/cctv Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/jw-07062023104707.html/@stream On Thursday, Xi Jinping, the leader of the Communist Party of China, inspected the Eastern theater and emphasized the military goal of training for military training. Some scholars have pointed out that since this year, Xi Jinping has twice inspections to undertake the southern and eastern theater that mainly mainly for Taiwan's military mission, which is preparing for the promotion of unified Taiwan.
Xi Jinping inspected the southern theater navy to emphasize deepening training for war Xi Jinping inspected the Military Commission to emphasize the comprehensive strengthening of training for military training According to the Chinese official media Xinhua News Agency, Xi Jinping emphasized when inspecting the Eastern Theater organs on July 6, "" It is necessary to thoroughly implement the party's 20th spirit, implement the new era of the party's strong military thought, implement the military strategy policy of the new era, anchor to build construction The army has been struggling for a hundred years, and strives to create a new situation in the war zone construction and preparations for war. "In addition, Xi Jinping also fully affirmed the contribution of the Eastern theater to" safeguard the sovereignty of national territorial sovereignty and marine rights and the unity of the motherland. "
The Eastern theater of the PLA was established in 2016 and ranked first in the five major theater in China. It has most military and land -to -air strike capabilities. Public information shows that the strategic direction of the Eastern theater is the Pacific and Taiwan, which have repeatedly implemented military operations such as exercises around Taiwan Island.
Li Weidong, the president of the magazine of the Overseas Political Political Publication "China Strategic Analysis", said in an interview with this station that Xi Jinping's selection of inspecting the Eastern theater at this time node is a response to the latest military sales in the United States.
"(Xi Jinping) The inspection of the Eastern theater is definitely aimed at Taiwan, that is, to promote Taiwan. He said," Because the United States has recently sold military sales in Taiwan, it is now a bit of action in the United States, and China has relatively action. It is also difficult to say that China will have any action soon, which is a strategic and tactical contest. "
Xi Jinping also emphasized in the inspection of the Eastern Theater that the world has entered a new turbulent change period. It is necessary to "go all out to perform the functions of the main war zone in the war zone" and "greatly grasp military exercises and accelerate the improvement of winning." The outside world noticed that on the day of Xi Jinping's inspection, the US Finance Minister Yellen arrived in Beijing. Recently, the United States and China have also occurred in military frictions in the South China Sea and the Taiwan Strait.
On July 6, 2023, Xi Jinping inspected the eastern theater organs and delivered a speech.(Video screenshot/CCTV) At the end of last month, the U.S. State Department announced a total of $ 440 million in Taiwan's military sales case. This is also the tenth of the US President Bayeng's tenth time since taking office. At the same time, the Foreign Affairs Commission of the House of Representatives of the Congress also announced the establishment of a "tiger" working group to supervise the delivery procedure for Taiwan's military sales.
Li Weidong believes that Xi Jinping's goal of consolidating power internally has been achieved, and the training of military training is intended to outside.
The goal of deepening military training and preparing for war was mentioned when Xi Jinping inspected the southern theater in mid -April this year. The growth of China's military expenditure and military power has also been the focus of attention from the outside world. The Wall Street Journal of the United States previously disclosed that China ’s total defense budget in 2023 will reach 1.55 trillion yuan, with a expenditure increase of more than 7%, breaking the highest record of China's military expenses in the past 5 years, and far exceeding the GDP set by the government Growth goal.
Since Xi Jinping came to power in 2012, Xi Jinping has regarded the so -called "building a world -class army" as a priority, and has repeatedly emphasized that it has comprehensively strengthened the training of troops. During the 20th CPC National Congress of the Communist Party of China last year, Xi Jinping's successful achievements won the third five -year term. China will resolutely oppose and curb the "Taiwan independence" to the CPC Constitution for the first time, and reiterate that "building the people's army into a world -class army."
However, in the opinion of the former Lieutenant General Staff of the Chinese Navy Command, there are still differences in the goals of Xi Jinping's Taiwan internally, and it cannot be said to be a iron plate.
"He (Xi Jinping) is now rectifying the troops because the troops do not listen to him. Not only do you have to rectify but also to appease, and to go to the army to cover people's hearts. Having said that, the southern Chinese theater and the eastern theater assumed the huge task of fighting against the Taiwan Strait, which is one of the reasons why Xi Jinping inspected the two major theater this year.
"Now the entire army holds different opinions on Xi Jinping's mobilization of war. They all know that this battle will not win, and it is better not to win." Yao Cheng analyzed that the Chinese army has risen in fear of war. This signal was released in poor combat in the western theater. Therefore, Xi Jinping is now in trouble, and he is afraid that the PLA will not be able to complete his unity cause, but also afraid that once the war is launched, "it will be unsatisfactory."
He said: "Xi Jinping is about to press them, and the troops will be reversed."
Shouting the slogan, expanding reserve, and increasing military expenditure, Xi Jinping's war intention to trigger concerns about the international community. In February this year, Williamburns, director of the Central Intelligence Agency, publicly stated that some intelligence showed that Xi Jinping had ordered the Chinese military to unify Taiwan by 2027. Therefore, Xi Jinping's ambitions for Taiwan should not be underestimated. The US Secretary of State Brillings also warned Congress in March this year that the Chinese People's Liberation Army will have the ability to commit martial arts in 2027.
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: He Ping.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/jw-07062023104707.html 
The United States cancels students' loan reduction and exemptions to severely damage borrowers and economy 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T15:42:24
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T15:42:24
Description: Isabella Johnson is a psychologist in Arkansas. She has a lot of things to do. She helps her son -there are some health problems -the debt of repaying a bachelor's and master's degree.
Images: [" 1-1688657665.png ", " 1-1688657474.png ", " 1-1688657519.jpg "]
Topics: ['新闻', '经济']
Keywords: ['新闻', '经济', '美国']
Type: Article
 A series of rulings that the Supreme Court rejected the Bayeng government student loan deduction plan last week will combat the financial status of multiple borrowers (Reuters) (Reuters)
Isabella Johnson is a psychologist in Arkansas. She has a lot of things to do. She helps her son -there are some health problems -the debt of repaying a bachelor's and master's degree. In August 2022, President Joe Biden announced that he plans to exempt some student debts. For Johnson, this means that she can continue to pay other large expenses and just bought a house two weeks ago.
A series of rulings made by the Supreme Court last week overturned the Bayeng government's student loan reduction and exemption plan, which changed her situation. After the ruling, the mortgage institution withdrew The debt she owed is no longer applicable to them.
Tim O'Conal, from Roja, Virginia, also set his sights on a house. On July 11, he will be his first anniversary of his work at the US Post Office. The US dollar is 4,000 US dollars less than the Pell -assistant winner proposed by the Biden government.
Due to the help of the promised debt reduction and exemption, he almost cleared his loan of his car and all his wife's car. O'Conner said that the American dream with a house can be within reach. This milestone.
This is a major settlement for Americans such as Isabella Johnson and Organire.
Although their situation is very different, this shows a chain response to a larger economy. Because the total debt of student debt is 1.7 trillion US dollars, everything has become a bubble from a fairy -tale wedding to new cars.
President Joe Biden announced the first time in August 2022 that his student loan deduction plan will be exempted from the $ 400 billion federal student debt, helping about 20 million Americans, the effect is almost immediate. The expenditure increased by $ 113 billion, an increase of 0.6%, and the sales of housing and new car were led.
Although the Fed increases interest rates to curb inflation, expenditure still increases.
According to the plan that was abolished last week, the government will cancel up to $ 10,000 (if Pell aid funds are obtained) for borrowers with an annual income of less than $ 125,000 (if they get Perid Fund, it will be $ 20,000), the Ministry of Education has approved the cancellation of 16 million students' debt applications.
 In the first quarter of 2023, students' debt increased to $ 1.77 trillion in US $ 43.6 million in the United States. The average of about 37,000 US dollars per person in federal student loan debt.
The ruling of the Supreme Court was a major victory for Republicans, and they opposed the President's plan from the beginning.
On Friday, Biden promised to oppose the decision and announced a new action to ensure that the "Higher Education Act" reduced some debts. Biden also announced that it would extend the loan repayment period for one year. Give credit bureau.
However, the president acknowledged that obtaining relief may take longer.

For consumers such as Tara S (TARA S) in Tampa, Florida, these delays are particularly influential. Due to her respect for her privacy, she asked Peninsula TV to not use her surnames.
Tara S told the Peninsula TV station, "I graduated from college in 2012. Before the suspension, I repay the amount of more than $ 400, but since then I bought a house, my financial situation has changed a lot. It may need to reorganize my student debt. The plan after Biden's modified will not be close to the cheapest choice. "
Although the interest rate is high, many Americans have chosen a larger investment. These investment will be paid for a longer period of time. To a large extent, the promise of student loan deductions means that the borrower has enough funds to repay the student loan Essence
A report from the Brucks Society in 2021 found that consumers are more likely to buy new houses, open new companies, and even set up families if they exist.
Assistant Professor of Social Policy Research Institute of Washington University in San Louis and the author of the Brukins Society in 2021(Jason Jabbari)Tell the Peninsula TV, "People who carry students' debt tend to put these things for a longer period of time. We may be surprised to save money to pay for the down payment for buying houses."
Laura Billo, chief researcher at the Gramn Institute of Higher Education Finance, told Peninsula TV that "Student repayment has been suspended for the first time to reduce the financial impact on people. On the last, those who repay the debt are the most difficult and the highest balance is those who have benefited the most from the pause of repayment. "
"We saw that credit scores rose, increased the interest rates of mortgage loans, declined in arrears and default rates, declined in medical debt, declined in medical debt and collection ","
debt continues to increase 
 Biden vowed to fight for debt reduction in the Supreme Court of the United States
Most of the momentum will fall soon. Goldman Sachs predicts that the Supreme Court's decision will reduce the personal consumer expenditure index (PCE) in one -tenth. In other words, consumers will cut expenditure, which means reduce.
Many Americans and Tara have the same concerns. In fact, according to a survey conducted by Morgan Stanley's recent judgment in the Supreme Court, 37%of borrowers believe that "they cannot be adjusted without adjusting expenses in other fields. Payment of student loans regularly, and 34% of the respondents believe that "they cannot pay student loans regularly."
Over time, the repayment will not become easier. "Because the balance of student debt has increased during the repayment period, it is not a decrease. This is an unbearable interest rate. Therefore Debt will never be repaid. Now it is very important to solve this problem, not many years, because during this period, the student debt crisis will only become worse, causing greater damage to the lives of students' borrowers and their families. "
A report from the Consumer Law Center in 2021 found that although the federal student loan was paid at least some funds during the suspension of federal student loans during the epidemic, one -third of the student loan recipient still owed more than 125% of its original loan amount.
Tara S also encountered a similar situation. She also said, "I loaned $ 29,000, repaid $ 21,000, but still owed $ 22,000."
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/economy/2023/7/6/%e7%be%8e%e5%9b%bd%e5%8f%96%e6%b6%88%e5%ad%a6%e7%94%9f%e8%b4%b7%e6%ac%be%e5%87%8f%e5%85%8d%e9%87%8d%e5%88%9b%e5%80%9f%e6%ac%be%e4%ba%ba%e5%8f%8a%e7%bb%8f%e6%b5%8e 
No one sacrifice Japanese balloon funeral to scatter the ashes from high altitude 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T15:44
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T16:54
Description: Recently, Japan's "balloon funeral" has attracted the attention of foreign media. A Korean media an article entitled "" No Memorial, No Land to Buried ", Japan's shocking balloon funeral" introduces the social phenomenon of Japan after entering the super -aging society. China News Agency quoted South Korea's "Korean Daily" July 4 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '老龄化']
Recently, Japan's "balloon funeral" has attracted the attention of foreign media. A Korean media an article entitled "" No Memorial, No Land to Buried ", Japan's shocking balloon funeral" introduces the social phenomenon of Japan after entering the super -aging society.
The China News Agency quoted the article published by the Korean "Korean Daily" on July 4 that a company named Balloonkobo in Japan provided a balloon funeral called "Cosmic Burning". They packed the ashes of the deceased's body and sent the balloon to high altitude, allowing the balloon to explode naturally, and the dead ashes of the deceased finally scattered in the air.
The Japanese who have recently held "cosmic burial" have continued to increase, and the number of reservations only has more than 100 people. The cost of "cosmic burial" is generally 240,000 yen (about S $ 2246).
After the balloon workshop puts the ashes of the deceased into a large sphere with a special diameter of 2 to 2.5 meters, it is full of hydrogen. The balloon can be made according to the appearance and body of the deceased. If you want to be more realistic, you can also add some simulation hair.
At the mourning ceremony, the family was flying balloon around the balloon. The deceased passed away with the wind and returned to nature. It is said that these balloons will shine at night, allowing relatives to better mourn the dead relatives.
Some people also install the balloon positioning system (GPS) on the balloon, which can view the location of the balloon at any time. When the balloon flies to a certain height, it will explode, and the ashes of the deceased will scatter, just like a gorgeous firework performance.
The balloon workshop pointed out that the "cosmic burial" is very environmentally friendly. The remains of this balloon can be decomposed in the soil, and the composition of the ashes is mainly calcium phosphate, which will not affect the environment.
According to reports, Japan, with a long average life expectancy and low fertility rate, entered a super -aging society as early as 2006. Last year, the number of deaths in Japan reached more than 15 million, the highest value since the beginning of World War II. Japan ’s Health Labor and Ministry of Ministry speculated that the number of deaths in Japan in 2040 will reach 1.68 million.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411317 
Western Urban residential buildings were attacked by Russian missiles, and dozens of people were injured in four deaths 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:04
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T16:06
Description: The western Ukrainian city of Lavff was attacked by Russian missiles on Thursday (July 6), and a residential building was hit by the missile and caused dozens of deaths. President Zelezki vowed to start a "strong counterattack" against the Russian army. Comprehensive foreign news reports, Zeelianzki tweeted: "It will definitely be given ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '导弹', '袭击', '乌克兰', '泽连斯基']
The western Ukrainian city of Lavff was attacked by Russian missiles on Thursday (July 6), and a residential building was hit by the missile and caused dozens of deaths. President Zelezki vowed to start a "strong counterattack" against the Russian army.
Comprehensive foreign news reports, Zeleiski tweeted: "It will definitely give an response to the enemy, it will be an obvious response."
The Ukraine's Ministry of the Interior revealed that this attack caused at least four deaths, and the other 32 were injured, and the two floors of a residential building were destroyed.
Search and rescue personnel are also trying to search for survivors from the rubble pile.
The Mayor of Lviv Sadovi said in Telegram: "This is the largest attack on the Civil facilities of Laviff City since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War in February last year."
Olia (37 years old), the resident of the bombed building, told AFP: "I was awakened by the first explosion, but we had no time to evacuate. Then the second explosion occurred, the ceiling began to fall, and my mother was immediately. I hit. I ran to the window and shouted. After about half an hour, the search and rescue personnel rescued me and sent me to the hospital. After I came back, I found that my mother died and the neighbors died. Life is back. "
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411321 
Virtual "Shanhe University" has clarified the Ministry of Education of China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:21:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T16:22:39-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China Network Virtual "Shanhe University" related information [The online screenshot of China ’s Ministry of Education No. 6 responded to the“ Shanhe University ”that has been hotly discussed online a few days ago, saying that it will continue to optimize the layout structure of higher education resources. At the end of June, China was selected to fill in the volunteer period. A virtual "Shanhe University" responding to the unfair educational resources appeared on the Internet. Related discussions detonated the Internet. Due to the large number of candidates in Henan, Shandong and other provinces such as large population provinces, fierce competition, and high admission scores, many candidates cannot go to a good university. 1,000 yuan, a total of more than 3 billion yuan, can create a comprehensive university to strive to catch up with Tsinghua University of Peking University within one year. "This joke soon spread. On July 2nd, many netizens found that the topic of "Shanhe University" was banned. In this regard, some netizens teased. "In China, you want to dream about dreaming." According to China News Service, Wu Yan, deputy minister of the Ministry of Education of China, said that the Ministry of Education has paid attention to "Shanhe University". The Ministry of Education will continuously optimize the layout of higher education resources, support the expansion of higher education resources in the central and western regions, especially the large population province, and optimize the type structure and regional structure. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-07062023155432.html 
The birth rate decreased last year in more than 10,000 kindergartens and elementary schools in China 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:21:34-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T16:21:34-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows a kindergarten in Yongzhou City, Hunan Province, and preschool teachers are moving the body temperature for young children. The number of kindergartens and elementary schools in China is decreasing. Reuters information picture China Ministry of Education recently announced the "Statistics Report of the National Education Institute in 2022". The report shows that with the decline in birth rate, the number of kindergartens and primary schools in China decreased by more than 5,000 last year. The number of students decreased by 1.776 million and 478,000 respectively, showing that the Chinese population entered negative growth, newborns decreased, and preschool education was first impacted. The report shows that in 2022, there were 289,200 kindergartens in China, a decrease of 5,610 from the previous year and a decrease of 1.9%. There are 149,000 ordinary primary schools across the country, a decrease of 5,162 from the previous year, a decrease of 3.35%. Multiple media in China quoted public data showing that there are currently 260,000 kindergartens related companies in China. In the past ten years, the increase has been on the rise. Among them, the most newly increased in 2012, and then began to decline. In 2020, 40,000 newly added kindergartens, with an annual growth rate of 27%. In 2021, a new increase of 68,200, an annual growth rate of nearly 70%. In 2022, 45,000 newly increased, with an annual growth rate of 34%. Xia Jing, director of the China Preschool Education Research Association, said. "In fact, the tide of shutdown in the first round of kindergarten has arrived, and it will become more and more difficult in the future." Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-07062023154831.html 
Russian frigates visit Shanghai 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:23:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T16:27:19-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows a photo photo of the Russian frigates Gromki. The two Vikhn Russian frigates and sovereignty stopped in Shanghai on Wednesday. Two ships belong to the Russian Pacific Fleet located in the Vodi Voscho. According to Reuters, during the 7 -day visit, two Russian ships will conduct maritime exercises with the Chinese Navy in Shanghai, including formation sports, communication and maritime rescue projects. The two Russian ships crossed the waters near Taiwan at the end of June, and then drove through the US military stationed in Okinawa Island. It is reported that in March, Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Russian President Putin in Moscow. The two sides issued a joint statement to blame the West, "Washington is destroying global stability, and NATO is breaking into the Asia -Pacific region." China and Russia have promised to strengthen military officers to strengthen military officers. relation. On Monday, China Defense Minister Li Shangfu met with Russian Navy commander Yefmenov in Beijing. The Tas Society quoted Glacimov, chief of the Russian army, said that Russia and China will continue to expand military cooperation. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-07062023155708.html 
Declaration of Polish Strategic Partner: Reading the importance of peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:24:26-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T16:24:26-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The British official announced the joint declaration with the 2030 strategic partner signed by Poland a few days ago(Part) Screenshots of the British government's official website Britain and Poland recently signed a joint declaration of 2030 strategic partners. In the Indo -Pacific region, the two sides reiterated the importance of the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait. The malicious actor who shakes the international order. According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, the declaration pointed out that the British and Poland agreed that the safety of the European-Atlantic and India-Pacific is inseparable, and China has become increasingly strong and constituted in an institutional challenge. The two countries have called for China to fulfill their international responsibility obligations, including in the field of human rights, specially targeting Hong Kong and Xinjiang, and must not provide material assistance to Russia in Russia in Russia in Russia. At the same time, Britain and Bo will continue to seek constructive bilateral relations with China's development and retain room for cooperation with China in response to climate change. According to declarations, Britain and Bo will also be committed to strengthening the understanding of Chinese military -civilian integration, military -civilian dual -use strategies, and military modernization. The declaration mentioned that China's overseas influence activities are increasing day by day, and Britain and Bo will be committed to improving the understanding of related activities, especially for the development of the Chinese military base network for the development of the overseas military base. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-07062023155944.html 
Jiangsu Human Rights Wang Mo was detained for 10 days and has not been released 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:24:50-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T16:24:50-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Jiangsu Human Rights Wang Mo Rights Protection Network Screenshot Wang Mo, a human rights person in Jiangsu, spoke for his hometown father who was deprived of land for the land. He was detained for 10 days on June 25. No information was released at the expiry of July 6. According to the Rights Protection Network, Wang Mo was born in 1972. He was born in Huaian City, Jiangsu. In recent years, it is well known for pursuing democracy on the Internet and the streets of the south. Wang Mo has participated in large -scale activities such as support of the ten gentlemen of Zhengzhou, such as Zhengzhou Ten Gentlemen Scholar Soning Team, Xinyu Liu Ping and other three people. In 2014, he was detained by the police for his "true universal election" for his support for the democratic struggle in Hong Kong in many places in Guangzhou. The last time was on May 18 this year, Wang Mo went to Guangzhou to follow the court, Wang Aizhong, and was criminally detained by the Guangzhou police. Responsible editor: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-07062023160548.html 
"Asia Pacific Report" July 6, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:36:27-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T16:36:27-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Free Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/YP-07062023104754.html/@@stream The main content of this show:
1 . US Treasury Secretary Yellen arrived in Beijing. The strategic competition between the United States and China and the communication between economic and trade communication were synchronized;
2 . The CCP leader Xi Jinping inspected the Eastern theater and requested the training of training to improve the win -win ability;
3 . The new crown of Wuhan was accused of Zhang Hai being charged with the "crime of provoking trouble" and was returned to the police for re -investigation by the procuratorate;
4 . Special reports this station launched: "The Young Generation of China under the Risk of High Depression";
5 . Latest research shows that through lobbying, the Hong Kong government tries to influence the US and Hong Kong policies in the United States through lobbying.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-07062023104754.html 
It aims to deal with French protests to protest Macron asking ministers to maintain order and restore calmness 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:43:56
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T16:43:56
Description: French President Macron called on the ministers to continue to work hard to restore order and calmness. At the same time, a young man's protests caused by a police officer last week were continuing.
Images: [" 1-1688660731.png ", " 1-1688660776.png ", " 1-1688660800.jpg "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '法国']
Type: Article
 France has experienced the worst riots since 2005 (Getty image)
French President Macron called on the ministers to continue to work hard to restore order and calmness. At the same time, a young man's protests caused by a police officer last week were continuing.
Macron held a meeting with the Prime Minister and Seven Government members to discuss the necessary measures to curb the wave of violence caused by protests. French president said that the meeting aims to evaluate the situation in order to make appropriate decisions.
At the same time, a reporter from Peninsula TV reported that 49 people across the country were arrested due to security tensions.
A reporter from Peninsula reported that the elite security forces began to deploy in the center of Lyon in the southeast of the country, which showed that the security situation of Montpellier in the southern part of the country began to be tense.
 Capital of the French Capital Paris, Paris (Getty Image)
A Peninsula TV reporter also reported that the French authorities deployed the national gendarmerie with armored vehicles on the streets of Marseille, southern France.
According to the French Ministry of Defense on Wednesday, the French Navy has conducted investigations on the allegations of the Royal Western Loreon riot in the French Navy's Marine War, and Lorion has a large military base.
The scope of protest activities expands 
Local newspaper "Le Télégramme" published a photo of masked members of the "Riot Group" on Friday night to repel and beat the city's riots.
A 25 -year -old man told the "Western France"(West France)He said that he was a member of the armed forces and involved and supported the police with about 30 colleagues to prevent them from "let the country be burned."
 Why is the relationship between France and its young people in the suburbs break?
The Ministry of National Defense stated in a statement of the French New Year that the naval forces "forfusco", the naval forces stationed in Lorion, had launched an investigation. The investigation was ongoing. Before the results were announced, further comments would not be published.
Last week, the French authorities arrested more than 3,500 people in the worst riots in France since 2005. A policeman killed a young Algerian French man in a traffic inspection and caused riots.
Ri riots spread from poverty -stricken areas in Paris to dozens of other areas. The number of protesters and riot groups sometimes makes the police overwhelmed.
This incident and the following protests and riots caused a fierce debate on racism, immigration, and poverty in destroying public order.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/7/7/%e6%97%a8%e5%9c%a8%e5%ba%94%e5%af%b9%e6%b3%95%e5%9b%bd%e6%8a%97%e8%ae%ae%e9%a9%ac%e5%85%8b%e9%be%99%e8%a6%81%e6%b1%82%e9%83%a8%e9%95%bf%e4%bb%ac%e7%bb%b4%e6%8c%81%e7%a7%a9%e5%ba%8f%e5%b9%b6%e6%81%a2 
Large -scale shooting in the United States Luzhou died and seven injuries 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:45
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T17:30
Description: A large -scale shooting incident occurred late at night in Shrifat Potter, Louisiana, USA, causing four people to die and seven injuries. The China News Agency quoted a report from the US Broadcasting Corporation that SHREveport Police Wednesday (... ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '枪击', '枪击案']
A large -scale shooting incident occurred late at night in Shrifat Potter, Louisiana, USA, causing four people to die and seven injuries.
The China News Agency quoted a report from the US Broadcasting Corporation that Shreveport Police said at a press conference on Wednesday (5th) that around 11.40 pm on Tuesday, a number of men in the local area had about 200 in a local game. The annual celebration rally of people participated in the fire. The two died on the spot, and the other was seriously injured in the hospital.
On Wednesday morning, the police found another body near the incident. Police said the four deceased were adults. Seven people were injured in the incident, and one of them was "extremely critical", and the other six were not in danger of life.
According to the New York Times, the police found the shell of the rifle bullet at the scene of the crime, but it is unclear whether they come from the same gun. The motivation of the shooting incident is unclear, and the police have not arrested anyone.
July 4th is the National Day "Independence Day". Xinhua News Agency reported that Shrif Potter's shooting was one of the number of fire violence ever occurred around the "Independence Day". Large -scale shootings also occurred in many cities such as Baltimore, Philadelphia, Volsburg, and Washington, DC, which caused at least ten deaths and dozens of injuries.
According to the United States Cable Television News Network, in recent years, the large -scale shooting incidents on the "Independence Day" holidays has increased, and the violence of firearms has been integrated into this festival. The media analyzed the data of the "Guns Violent File" website and found that since 2014, more than 50 large -scale shooting incidents in the United States have occurred on July 4, which is higher than other dates.
In addition, during these 10 years, the number of large -scale shootings on July 5th was second only to the "Independence Day" day. From July 4th to 5th this year, at least 13 large -scale shootings occurred in the United States.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411329 
Biden meets the Swedish Prime Minister to deepen 6G cooperation to respond to Chinese challenges 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T16:51:44+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 08:51:44Z
Description: U.S. President Joe Bayeng received Swedish Prime Minister Ulf Kristerson in the White House on Wednesday (July 5). The two leaders emphasized the common commitment to continue to support Ukraine's resistance to Russia's invasion and coordinating the efforts to deal with Chinese challenges across the Atlantic Ocean; they also further mentioned joint research to deepen the field of 6G advanced telecommunications.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '欧洲', '中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-sweden-china-6g-20230706/7169303.html 
Lukashenko: Wagner's leader Pleigo has returned to Russia 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T17:11
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T17:11
Description: President Berlos Luchenko revealed that the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group leader of the Russian mercenaries, which had been exiled to Beros, has returned to St. Petersburg, Russia. Lukashenko said on June 27 that Pryigo accepted him for mediation, ending the mutiny in exchange for criminal filed cases to revoke ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '白罗斯', '俄罗斯兵变']
President Berlos Luchenko revealed that the Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group leader of the Russian mercenaries, which had been exiled to Beros, has returned to St. Petersburg, Russia.
Lukashenko said on June 27 that Pryigo accepted his mediation, ending the mutiny in exchange for criminal filed cases, and arrived in Bairos. However, he revealed to the media on Thursday (July 6): "Porigen is currently in St. Petersburg. He is not on the territory of Beros."
According to Reuters, Lukashenko also said that the proposal to transfer some Wagner soldiers to White Ross is still valid. He emphasized that he did not think that it would be risky to Berlos, nor believed that the Wagner soldiers would pick up weapons to fight Berlog.
The Kremlin previously stated that he would not be held accountable for the rebellion of Porigo, but Russia's state -owned television station said on Wednesday (5th) that Pryigo was "traitor" and said that the Russian authorities were still investigating this rebellion. No plans to get a case.
The TV station broadcasts the so -called "exclusive picture" in the show, showing that law enforcement officers search Pleigen's office in St. Petersburg and one of his mansions.
The screen shows that Pritig's office is full of boxes full of ruble banknotes. Its luxury residences include private helicopters, weapon storage rooms, and even complete medical rooms. The show also mentioned that Pleigor Ren has multiple passports of different names, describing him as the head of the criminal group.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411341 
Han Women's Art Troupe Blackpink has mistakenly touched the "Nine -Stri Line" controversial Hanoi concerts to be resisted 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T17:12:31+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 09:12:31Z
Description: The sovereignty of the "nine -segment line" of China on the South China Sea has not been recognized by neighboring countries around the world for a long time, and even becomes the release of nationalism in the relevant country. The concert has recently been resisted in Vietnam because of the controversy of the "nine -stage line".
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['南中国海争端', '亚太', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/vietnam-probes-blackpink-concert-organizer-over-south-china-sea-map-20230706/7169308.html 
Japan and South Korea maintains high -level communication with Fukushima nuclear sewage issues in sharp comparison with China's tough opposition 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T17:35:17+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 09:35:17Z
Description: After two years of censorship, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) finally recognized the plan to discharge nuclear waste water in the Pacific Ocean after Japan's Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station processing. It is understood that the Japanese Prime Minister Kishida Kishita will explain to South Korean President Yin Xiyue and seeking understanding at the leaders of the North Atlantic Treaty (NATO) leaders of the North Atlantic (July 11). Five proposes an independent research report on the Evanic Plan. South Korea's attitude is in sharp contrast to China's tough opposition.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '生态环境', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/japan-south-korea-maintain-high-level-communication-on-fukushima-in-sharp-contrast-to-china-20230706/7169321.html 
The collapse of the steel frame of the viaduct in Shizuoka City, Japan, 2 dead and 6 injuries 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T17:58
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T17:58
Description: In the early morning of Shizuoka Prefecture, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, the collapse of the steel frame collapse in the morning of the morning, causing two deaths and six injuries. According to the Police of Shizuoka County, the accident occurred around 3 am (at 2 am in Singapore time).
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '意外']
In the early morning of Shizuoka Prefecture, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, the collapse of the steel frame collapse in the morning of the morning, causing two deaths and six injuries.
According to the Police of Shizuoka County, the accident occurred around 3 am (at 2 am in Singapore time) at the point.
At that time, about 20 construction personnel set up a night viaduct at the No. 1 National Highway of Shizuoka City. The steel frame with a length of about 65 meters and a weight of about 140 tons suddenly broke and fell from about nine meters high. The authorities said that the construction staff was adjusting the horizontal direction of the steel frame at the time.
The accident caused two deaths, and six were injured, and four of them were seriously injured. Rescuers revealed that the victims were in their 30s and 70s.
Police are currently investigating the cause of the accident.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411357 
Deputy Speaker of Thailand: New Prime Minister expected to be selected at the latest than July 20 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T18:21
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T18:55
Description: The Thai Congress will be elected Prime Minister on July 13th, which is expected to have results on July 20 or before. According to the Bangkok Post, Pichet Chuamuangphan, deputy chief of the House of Representatives, on Thursday (July 6 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['泰国', '国会', '首相', '前进党', '披塔']
The Thai Congress will be elected Prime Minister on July 13th, which is expected to have results on July 20 or before.
According to the Bangkok Post, Pichetchuamuangphan, deputy chief of the House of Representatives of Thailand, said on Thursday (July 6) that the two houses of Congress will hold three joint parliament on July 13th, 19th, and 20th. New Prime Minister.
Pip Xie believes that the three joint parliaments will provide "sufficient time" for members to choose new prime ministers. This means that Thailand can choose new Prime Minister on July 20.
The Eight Party Leaders led by the Party have controlled 312 seats of the 500 seats in the house, which is enough to form a ruling alliance. Member political parties also agreed to nominate the party leader of the Party Party as the prime minister's candidate. However, if you want to serve as Prime Minister, he must receive more than half of the 750 seats (376 votes) of the upper and lower courtyards, and he is still 64 votes.
The advanced party and supporters are striving for more support of senators, but political observer believes that this will be a difficult task, because all 250 House members are appointed by the former Prime Minister Bayu. Most of the House members are also inclined to conservatives, and retain the advocacy of the party's advocacy of the amendments to the monarchy.
Wan Muhammad, the new council of Thailand's lower house, said on Wednesday (5th) that if the Puta could not get enough votes in the first round of voting for the new Prime Minister, he still had one or two opportunities to fight for the support of members of the members. Re -vote. "This is to follow the memorandum of understanding agreed by the Eight Party Alliance, that is, all member parties want to ensure that the majority of the pagoda is obtained (parliamentarians and senators)."
He also pointed out that if the pagoda is still insufficient to support votes after three rounds of voting, the political party alliance must launch a new candidate for the prime minister.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411367 
Facts ｜ The United States warns Americans not to go to China? 
Author: 作者：庄敬
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T18:21:59-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T18:21:59-04:00
Description: Author: Zhuang Jing
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
Tags: Partial errors 
Many users of Twitter forwarded the news of "the United States warned Americans not to travel to China." Figure taken from Twitter _ _ 吧 _
Asian facts check the laboratory noticed that recently, a large number of users on Twitter reposted the above diagram card, saying that "the United States warned Americans not to travel in China because it may be detention by mistake."
After investigation, the U.S. government did not warn Americans "not to go" China, but suggested that Americans "re -considered" travel to China.
According to the various risks of the United States, the US State Department divides the travel warning into four levels, and the first level is "adopting normal prevention measures". Go to ", the fourth level is the worst" do not go ".
China's "Foreign Relations Law" and the revised version of the Anti -Spy Law came into effect on July 1. The U.S. State Department updated the travel warning to the People's Republic of China It is said that due to the arbitrary implementation of local laws, including laws related to the exit ban, and the risk of improper detention, "please re -consider traveling to China."
The U.S. government does propose risks such as improper detention to China, but the current warning of China is still the third level "re -consideration", and the fourth level that has not been promoted to the Internet has "don't go" and "don't go". Therefore, the online information does not accurately describe China's risk level as a travel destination, which is partially false.
The U.S. State Department refers to the risks of local laws that are arbitrarily implemented by the destination for the travel suggestions of China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Picture from the official website of the State Council 
The newly released travel warning to the People's Republic of China to the Third Level 3 "re -considered going". The picture is taken from the official website of the State Department of the United States Asian factual checkup laboratory ( ASIA FACT Check Lab__) is a new unit established for today's complex media environment and emerging ecology. We were in the journalistic major, providing correct investigation reports and in -depth reports, and we look forward to readers a diverse and comprehensive understanding of public issues. If readers have questions about any media and social software dissemination, welcome to email __AFCL@rfa.org _ Send it to the Asian factual inspection laboratory, and we will verify and verify it for you. _ _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/shishi-hecha/hc-07062023181406.html 
Russian warships across Taiwan and Japan arrived in Shanghai to carry out military exercises with China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T18:45:56+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 10:45:56Z
Description: China has received two Russian warships that have previously passed from Taiwan and Japan to visit the port of China. It is expected that these warships will conduct joint exercises with the Chinese Navy during the visit to show the long -lasting military cooperative relationship between China and Russia.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-russia-warships-20230706/7169368.html 
World media see China: look at risks and de -risk 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金哲)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T19:11:04+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 21:08:36Z
Description: On the occasion of the risks and risks of economic and trade exchanges with China in Western countries, China announced on the grounds that this Monday was announced on the grounds of protecting national security. The risk of trade with China. However, it is not easy to get rid of the tangling with China to seek risks.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['世界媒体看中国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/world-media-on-china---complicated-picture-of-chinese-and-global-economy-20230706/7169380.html 
The U.S. City retreats before the market on Thursday. 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T19:36
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T19:50
Description: On Thursday (July 6), the focus: Wall Street stock market futures futures fell on Thursday (July 6). The June meeting seminar released by the Federal Reserve on Wednesday (5th) shows that most central bank officials are expected to raise interest rates again in the second half of this year. At 7 o'clock, the standard ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['今晚美市看什么', '美国股市', '美市', '财经即时', 'Netflix']
Thursday (July 6) points: 
Pre -trading focus: 
Vaccine Manufacturer Moderna Inc announced on Wednesday A memorandum of memo and a land cooperation agreement has been signed to win the opportunity to study, develop and produce MRNA drugs in China. Modner's stock price declined 0.84 US dollars on Thursday, at $ 122.70.
Modner strives to study, develop and produce MRNA drugs in China. (Reuters)
Metaplatforms Microblogging Service, named Threads, is expected to be launched on Thursday night. (Bloomberg)
网 (Netflix Inc) (Nasdaq Stock Exchange code: NFLX) 
At present, the average prediction of the number of users collected in the second quarter collected by FactSet is 234,388, which is higher than 220,000 670 in the same period a year ago. (Agence France -Presse)
Ericsheridan, an analyst of Goldman Sachs, was once the most pessimistic analyst to the Streaming Giant Netflies. Relding to "holding". He also increased the target price of the Internet flight from the original $ 230 to 74 % to $ 400.
Although the stock price of Net Fei has soared on Wednesday to the highest point in the past 17 months, and it has even surpassed the level of $ 400, maybe this strong trend, which made this most pessimistic analyst began to change the network to the Internet. Views of Flying Stocks.
Prior to this, Shelidan was the 44 Internet flying stock analysts surveyed by FactSet, the lowest analyst at the stock rating. FactSet's current data shows that the most declining analyst is Matthewharrigan. He is a "sell" rating to Net Fei's stock price, with a target price of $ 250.
Netflix's stock price rose 2.2 % in Wednesday, reaching the level of $ 450.97. This is the highest price reached by the stock since February 2 last year. Although the stock vomited some increases later, it closed the market with a 1.01 % increase on Wednesday.
After analyzing the operating performance of Netflies after analyzing the performance of Netflies, after the Internet flight executed the crackdown password sharing and implementation of the layered advertising plan, he decided not to sell the stock before the second quarter performance announced on July 19th before the performance of the second quarter announced by the Internet flight, the stock sold the stock before the performance of the second quarter of the Internet flight, the stock sold the stock Essence It seems that the management of this streaming video giant does make a little achievement in combating password sharing.
She Lidan said that his previous decoction position was based on worrying that the Netframe would face a series of unfavorable factors, including: after the epidemic, user growth returned to normalization, competitive competition, economic slowdown caused consumer spending to decline, and after severe crackdown password sharing, after the sharing of password sharing, the sharing of passwords, and sharing. The user number will appear "unstable".
He wrote in the analysis report to the customer: "Net flight management has exceeded our previous predictions in performing a crackdown password sharing plan. Netflix not only re -obtain the content creative motivation, but also eliminates the growth resistance after the epidemic situation. . Not only that, in the past six months, the overall industry competition in the traditional media has become more calm. "
Sheridan also predicts that the increase in the number of users of Net flights is expected to exceed the general expectations of Wall Street analysts. And the company's existing membership income is expected to be higher than expected.
At present, the average prediction of the number of users collected in the second quarter collected by FactSet is 234,388, which is higher than 220,000 670 in the same period a year ago. FactSet's average AVERAGEREVENUE PER User's prediction is $ 11.76, which is slightly lower than $ 11.96 a year ago.In addition, of the 35 analysts of Tipranks, 19 were rated to "buy" online flying stocks, 14 rated "holding", and two rated "selling" rating, the average target price of the one -year term It is $ 411.74.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411392 
Russia close the Consulate General of Finland to expel nine diplomats 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T20:18
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T20:18
Description: Russia announced the closure of the Finnish Consulate General in St. Petersburg and expelled nine Finnish diplomats to respond to Finland's previous measures to expel Russian diplomats. Agence France -Presse reported that Finland announced last month that it expelled nine Russian diplomats stationed in Helsinki, saying that they were engaged in "intelligence workers ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '芬兰', '总理']
Russia announced the closure of the Finnish Consulate General in St. Petersburg and expelled nine Finnish diplomats to respond to Finland's previous measures to expel Russian diplomats.
Agence France -Presse reported that Finland announced last month that the Russian diplomats who had expelled nine people stationed in Helsinki said they were engaged in "intelligence work".
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs hit back on Thursday (July 6) and issued a statement saying: "The Finnish Embassy in Russia and nine employees of the Finnish Consulate in St. Petersburg are listed as unwelling people."
"As a response to the Finnish authorities' confrontation operations, Russia decided to withdraw the operation permit of the Finnish Consulate General in St. Petersburg from October 1."
Finnish President Ninito immediately tweeted the article to criticize Russia's measures "fierce and asymmetric."
Finnish Prime Minister Orpo It is also said that Finland "is necessary to start to prepare similar measures." "We must respond to this, which is clear."
Sweden and Finland had abandoned their long -term military neutrality due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine last year and officially applied to join NATO. In April this year, Finland officially becomes the 31st member of NATO 。
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411402 
"Dinosaurs" presented a vegan diet in Kuala Lumpur 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T21:13
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T21:17
Description: Three "dinosaurs" that preached the vegan diet appeared on Thursday (July 6), the center of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Animal equity group, Asia, the Volunteer of the Animal Organization (PETA), regardless of the hot sun, wearing a heavy dinosaur outfit, holding the printed with "walking out of the stone era, trying ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['吉隆坡', '素食', '马来西亚']
Three "dinosaurs" that preached the vegan diet appeared on Thursday (July 6), the center of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The volunteers of the Animal Rights Group Asia's Peta (PETA), regardless of the scorching sun, wore a heavy dinosaur outfit and holding the Chinese, English and Malay publicity cards printed with "getting out of the stone era and trying vegan diet".
They walked in the Sudan Adu Sands Building, commonly known as the "Bell Tower". They attract people's attention with exaggerated limb movements, and called on the public to get rid of the stone life in the stone era and choose a healthier vegan.
This time, it was not the first time that the Asian Animal Organization held such publicity activities, and they had previously done this on the streets of Tokyo, Japan.
Beck, senior vice president of animal organizations, told the media that slaughtering animals are the habit of human beings in the Stone Age, and should not have a foothold in advanced society like Malaysia. He called on the people to get rid of the meat habits of the stone era and began to be vegetarian.
The Asian -friendly animal organization spokesman Wang Xuru said that a vegan person can save about 200 animals of about 200 animals each year, and can also reduce the risk of heart disease, diabetes and cancer, and greatly reduce carbon footprints.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411417 
U.S. Climate Special Envoy Cry or visit China in mid -July to discuss the climate crisis 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T21:53
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T21:53
Description: Sources said that the US Climate Special Envoy, Climate, is expected to visit China in mid -July to talk to China on the global warming issue. Bloomberg quoted sources reported that this would be the second time that Cry was the second visit to China since he served as the President's Climate Special Envoy two and a half years ago. US Treasury Secretary Yellen has just arrived ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '气候变化', '克里', '中国', '中美关系', '全球变暖']
Sources said that the US Climate Special Envoy, Climate, is expected to visit China in mid -July to talk to China on the global warming issue.
Bloomberg quoted sources reported that this would be the second time that Cry was the second visit to China since he served as the President's Climate Special Envoy two and a half years ago.
US Treasury Secretary Yellen has just arrived in Beijing For visiting, Secretary of State Brillin also previously Visit China in June Essence
One of the sources pointed out that Kerry's visit may begin on July 16th. However, the other party also said that the itinerary is still under plan, and the date may be moved.
Another person said that Sino -US talks may help to achieve more progress at the United Nations Climate Change Conference held in the UAE in November in November.
Kerry and China Climate Change Affairs Special Envoy Xie Zhenhua is expected to discuss climate cooperation at that time, and exchange opinions on issues such as the upcoming UN Climate Change Conference (COP 28) and forest cutting.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411425 
Solomon Prime Minister Sogovre visited China, the United States, Central South, and South Taotu are increasingly fierce 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T21:57:11+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 13:57:11Z
Description: Pacific Islands Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare will visit China later this week. It is generally believed that this visit is a new signs of competition between China and the United States in the South Pacific.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/visit-by-solomon-islands-leader-to-beijing-underscores-rising-china-us-rivalry-in-south-pacific-20230706/7169439.html 
The US Treasury Secretary Yellen arrived in Beijing in the middle of the heat. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T22:07:25+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 16:45:33Z
Description: US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen flew to Beijing on Thursday (July 6) and visited China for four days. This is a long time for Yelun's brewing China, but whether this trip can cool the temperature of the US -China relations that are increasingly confront.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-s-yellen-kicks-off-china-visit-with-both-sides-locked-in-confrontation-20230706/7169579.html 
A car in London, England, hit a primary school building and died in eight injuries 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T22:27
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T22:27
Description: A fatal accident occurred in a primary school in southwestern London, England. A car did not know why he hit the school building, causing a girl to be injured and injured. Agence France -Presse reported that the local police said that the accident occurred at nearly 10 am on Thursday, and the location was at a place in Wimbledon ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国', '车祸', '小学', '意外', '致命车祸', '伦敦']
A fatal accident occurred in a primary school in southwestern London, England. A car did not know why he hit the school building, causing a girl to be injured and injured.
Agence France -Presse reported that the local police said that the accident happened at nearly 10 am on Thursday morning at a private women's elementary school in Wimbledon. The authorities did not list the accident as a terrorist incident.
The accident caused nine injuries, including seven children. However, the police later revealed that a girl was seriously injured.
Local Councilor Han Made told Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) that several wounded people were "critical" and described the accident "particularly distressed". It is reported that the students in this elementary school are young from the age of four to 11.
Police said in a statement that a 40 -year -old female driver was arrested under the crime of "suspected dangerous driving leading to death".
The case is under investigation.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411428 
Financial products are a kind of "FREE Version" 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T22:53:55+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T18:57:99+08:00
Description: Yan Jiaqi: The "intermediate belt" between life and non -life forms is a messenger, such as viruses; under the perspective of bionic learning, enterprises, countries, and economies are life forms, and financial products are "messengers" that transmit energy information.
Images: [" 000186564_pic... "]
Themes: ['金融', '关注']
Keywords: ['金融', '仿生学', '生命科学', '病毒']
Type: Article
Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
In the earth and the entire universe, according to whether there is a life of a material individual, it can be divided into two categories: life body and non -life body. But the virus is the exception. The virus can infect all the cells with cell structure, but leaving cells does not show life phenomena. When we extend the concept of "life body" to the organism, we can find that in the earth and the entire universe, there is a very open life between the life body and the non -life body. This is the messenger. The virus is a "merit". Body enterprises, national economies, and global economies are all life forms. In the "big life" of human society, financial products are a "messenger" that transmits energy information, which is equivalent to each cell "Energy and Currency" ATP (ADENOSINETRIPHOSPHATE). Financial products have promoted economic growth. Some financial products can quickly cure diseases like body hormones, but they cannot be used too much. There are also some financial products that have caused huge financial storms. These financial products can be called "financial virus".
Features of life body 
Plants, animals, humans, and bacteria on the earth are the body of life, and there are seven major characteristics: ① all of which are composed of biomolecules containing bare hydroxide and sulfur, sulfur, sulfur, and sulfur. It can exchange material and energy exchanges with the external environment, that is, metabolism, or metabolism; ④ can grow and develop; ⑤ can be replicated; ⑥ can respond to the external environment; ⑦ can evolve.
Lifting on the earth is covered with life, and now we have not found the living body outside the earth. Among the seven characteristics of the above, the first, second, and seventh characteristics are related to the specific environment of the earth. The existing life on the earth is "carbon -based life". In the vast universe, there may be life -based life, such as silicon -based life. The metabolism, growth and development, reproduction of reproduction, and stress reactions to the external environment are the four basic characteristics of creatures. Plants cannot move on the ground independently, but the growing process and the opening of flowers are a slow autonomous behavior. It is used as a "broad -seeking behavior" as an animal movement.
The fundamental characteristics of the life system are: ① can adjust itself, that is, metabolism, maintaining life and growth; ② can copy and reproduce itself, and continue life in time; reaction. In the universe, all the existence of three characteristics of self -regulation, self -copy, and independent behavior is "broad life". These characteristics of a broad sense of life are all physical chemistry processes, following the same physical chemical laws as non -life. But the result of these physical chemistry changes produce a life with life. One of these three characteristics, or a certain side of a characteristic, also exists in the non -life world, but only in life in life can be connected and combined with each other in an individual or a system. This individual or system is a broad life.
On the earth, the life form with the above seven characteristics can be used not only to refer to "individuals", but also to refer to "groups". The ant groups distributed on the planet, the population of bees, the countries composed of humans, and the "global society" composed of humans around the world also show metabolism, self -replication and independent behaviors. Ant groups, bee groups, one by one, one by one, one country, and global human society, all of which are life forms.
The virus is between the life body and the non -life body 
Among the seven characteristics of life, virus (Virus) has the first, second, and fifth features. The virus consists of nucleic acid molecular DNA or RNA and protective protein shell. In the environment of non -livelihood, like other non -organisms, it cannot be copied and reproduced. If the virus enters the biological live cells, it can be copied and reproduced. However, the virus cannot be metabolized, does not grow and develop, cannot respond to the external environment, and does not evolve.
 [Figure 1] Pharmacial Bacteriophage Structure 
Bacteriophage (Phage) is the general name of a large type of virus. The phage can generate copying phenomenon in microbial cells such as bacteria, fungi, algae, laborer, or spiral body, and some can cause cracked bacteria to crack. Like other viruses, the phage has a protein shell, the inside has RNA or DNA molecules, and most of the phage also has a "tail" like a "injection needle". [Figure 1] I asked a medical expert in Virginia. He was familiar with the details of the discovery of phage and hoped to know if the "injection needle" of the phage actively inserted into the microbial cell or passively entered? The medical expert said it is unknown. This is an important issue. If the "injection needle" of the phage is actively inserted into the microbial cells, it means that the virus of the phage has the sixth feature of the life body. I guess that the phage is the same as other viruses as viruses, and does not have "independent behavior" as other viruses. The "tail" of the phage is not a "injection needle".
In nature, crystals and snowflakes can be copied. Life body does not rely on "copying", but to rely on "metabolism" to maintain life. Hormones do not provide energy or metabolic substances to biological tissues because there is no "metabolism" and hormones have no life. The virus can "copy" because there is no "metabolism" and the virus has no life. The replication of the virus depends on the interior of the cell to copy. The virus does not have the "independent behavior". The process of the virus entering the cell is the active behavior of the cell, not the active behavior of the virus. The fundamental characteristic of life is not copying, but metabolism. Therefore, Metabolism can be expressed in another Chinese word "Yuan Life" at the same time.
Copy of crystals, snowflakes, nucleic acid molecules, and viruses is not an intentional behavior of human beings. It is a natural phenomenon. The production of the same product, printing and publishing books, and copying files with a copy machine, even if it is fully automated, is still an intentional behavior of people, not a natural phenomenon. A messenger is a "individual" that does not require people to intervene and can automatically copy information.
Three "Big Popularity" from the beginning of the 21st century **
There are three characteristics of the virus: ① there is no life; ② contains a lot of information; ③ can be copied a lot naturally. The so -called "natural replication" is whether a person's intentional arrangement and copying. As a behavior, even when someone is involved, when the behavior of a person occurs naturally, it is a natural phenomenon. Banks' crowding and snap -up stocks, and the evasion of the tsunami when the tsunami comes, is a "natural copy" phenomenon. This replication is different from a large number of copying files with a person. The former is a natural phenomenon, and the latter is a human phenomenon. When the financial phenomenon of cross -disciplinary, cross -disciplinary, cross -domain, and systematic theory, we will find that all financial products are messengers, and they and viruses have the ability to "naturally copy" the ability.The total weight of the virus on the earth is similar to the total weight of all human beings on the earth, and it may exceed humans. Most viruses have nothing to do with humans, and some are beneficial to humans. The virus can be renamed "messengers", which can retain the virus titles for harmful viruses.
From the perspective of large -scale and interdisciplinary perspectives, the new crown virus that has swept the world in the past three years has become popular in the world. Popularity is actually a phenomenon of "messenger" copying worldwide. To understand these three major popularity, it is necessary to analyze and research from the broad horizons of cross -economics, biology, medicine and physics.
There are three types of movements in the universe: material movement, energy flow, and information dissemination. There are three "shaped" "individuals" in the universe: life, meritorious, and non -life. The so -called "individual" refers to a material individual with boundary or envelope. The economy of the entire human society is a "individual", and its "envelope" is the "atmospheric circle". The messenger is a "individual" that can be copied naturally. The virus relies on different molecules in the internal RNA and DNA to spread information. Different biolis elements include different biological information. Hormonal, enzymes, RNA, and DNA are also messes. The combination of messengers can form complex messenger.
The 21st century is the century of information revolution and artificial intelligence. The 21st century information revolution had a huge impact on human economic activities. The information revolution has further digitized finance, and the major replication, dissemination, and popularity of Derivatives have occurred. On the one hand, the development of finance is beneficial to the development of Internet technology, and on the other hand, accompanied by a huge financial crisis. Financial products that are beneficial to economic development can be called "financial messenger". Financial products that large -scale plundering investors' wealth and causing huge financial storms are "financial viruses".
In the first ten years of the 21st century, the earth was full of "financial derivatives" everywhere. There are many types of financial derivatives and huge volumes. Its generation and great increase are the most obvious signs of contemporary financial expansion. In the early 1980s, the nominal value of global financial derivative products was 0. According to statistics from the International Clearance Bank (BIS), as of the end of 2007, the nominal value of the global derivative market was 674 trillion US dollars, which was 12.4 of global GDP. Times. In 2007, the product transaction amount was US $ 22.8.9 trillion, which was 42.1 times the global GDP.
By 2016, the size of global financial derivatives reached 15 million US dollars (according to data from the global economic data network www.qqjjsj.com, on May 9, 2016, imarkets.). Among them, there is a derivatives called Credit Default Swap. CDS, the financial product, was welcomed in the financial industry after it was created. In 2000, the scale was $ 1 trillion, and in March 2008 reached $ 62 trillion. This number only includes the data reported by the Commercial Bank to the Federal Reserve, and did not cover the information of the investment banks and hedge funds. Only hedge funds issued a 31%CDS contract. The popularity of CDS and some financial products has triggered a global financial turmoil in 2008. At the end of 2008, B. L. Madoff, who was the chairman of Nasdaq, admitted that he was in Europe, Asia, and America for many years. Essence
In 2009, when CDS and other derivatives "big popularity" brought a global financial turmoil, another "financial product" -Bitcoin quietly appeared from one corner of the earth. Just like the relationship between the virus and the cells, as long as the virus does not enter the cells, the virus cannot be copied and spread. Before May 2010, 10,000 Bitcoin was just a bitter strings. It could not be used to exchange items, not financial products. On May 21, 2010, a man named Laszlohanyeez bought pizza from a pizza shop in Florida, USA, and sent 10,000 Bitcoin to one of the other in the UK through the Bitcoin website. Jercos (Jercos), Jechouz bought two pizza from Florida's pizza with a credit card, paid $ 41, and asked the pizza to send two pizza to Handez in Florida. This is the first time in human history to buy goods with "a string of numbers". Just like the source of looking for the new crown virus, this is the source of Bitcoin from "digital strings" to "financial messenger". This incident gives Bitcoin for the first time. Starting from this day, Bitcoin has been transformed from the "non -wealth" numbers to "wealth". Later, many companies permitted Bitcoin to buy their products. Tesla, a US electric vehicle manufacturer, purchased $ 1.5 billion in Bitcoin in 2021 and permitted to use Bitcoin to buy its vehicles. Soon, Bitcoin prices rose sharply, each exceeded $ 40,000. Like CDS, in less than ten years, Bitcoin volume has increased by hundreds of millions of times. Other cryptocurrencies have also risen to rise, full of global financial world. At the same time, the amount of issuance of various bonds is getting bigger and bigger, and the total global debt has exceeded three times that of GDPs around the world. Modern finance marked by financial derivatives, digital currencies and debt expansion, due to the Internet that rely on the Internet to quickly flow global in the form of digital forms, this is an epoch -making event in the financial field. Since then, human beings have stepped into "digital finance "era. The future era of the financial world will be the era of "bionic finance".
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100172 
Can contemporary art change Shanxi Datong? (Free version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T22:54:10+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T18:57:99+08:00
Description: Xue Li: The appearance of this contemporary art in the ancient city of Datong is indeed a stunning feeling. So, what can contemporary art bring to Datong?
Images: [" 000186539_pic... ", " 000186540_pic... ", " 000186541_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '艺术', '关注']
Keywords: ['艺术']
Type: Article
Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Although contemporary art is very lively in China, it is too unexpected to go to Datong. However, the current Datong is ushered in the first "Datong Contemporary Art Season" as the image of the ancient capital of the thousands of years.
Including Marina Abramović (Marina Abramović), Julian Opei(Julian Opie), Loriscecchini (Loriscecchini), Xu Bing, Qiu Zhijie, Song Dong, Guo Gong and other nearly 80 works of more than 80 Chinese and Western artists, covering paintings, sculptures, installations, images, online interactions, etc. The art form is exhibiting in Datong.
Art Exhibition of Ancient City Street and Courtyard 
The most surprising thing about the contemporary art season in Datong was that the entire exhibition was placed in the neighborhood and the courtyard.
Datong used to be the capital of the Northern Wei Dynasty and Liao and Jin, and was the ancient capital of integrating multiculturalism, but these splendid history were once covered up by Datong's excellent coal resources. Today, Datong has long turned from the "black coal" to "Datong Blue" and upgraded and transformed to the tourist destination city.
The Datong contemporary art season exhibition area is located in the southeast of the ancient city of Datong. In the neighborhood, there are 18 cultural relics, 16 historical buildings, and 51 weaving and supplementary homes. After repair, repair and micro -transformation, some hospitals in the Southeast Yi have become the "Contemporary Art Exhibition Hall".
 (Datong contemporary art season exhibition court settled and exhibition site)
Wang Jing, the curator and the Central Academy of Fine Arts Museum, said: "When we first went to see the venue, most of these courtyards were rough houses and cement walls, and the ground did not even have floor tiles. Need to become a common exhibition status of the 'white box'. "
Some courtyards are very regular, with main rooms and two compartment rooms; some are L -shaped, as well as courtyards with cross -courtyard, with window windows, penetrating and curves. Wang Jing said: "The plasticity of the relationship between space and works is very strong. In addition, the roof and eaves of the bungalow are also imaginative." This has brought excitement to the curatorial.
Art allows the city to upgrade 
Arts can brighten the space and make the space interesting. Wang Jing said: "Sometimes the natural scenery is beautiful, but with the presentation of the artist, it will make the original scenery more storytelling and make the scenery more reflective."
In order to make this art exhibition to the greatest extent to echo Datong, when choosing art works, coordinating with the gray tone in the ancient city of Datong, Wang Jing locks some lively and strong urban works; "Buddha capital" calendar
There is a connection between history. For example, the artist Song Dong was entrusted by Datong Art Season "I don't know I know", and based on the elements such as coal, grotto, glazed Buddha statue, mirror surface, and electric lamp as the medium to create a illusory "future Buddha" spiritual space.
 (Song Dong, the exhibition scene of "I don't Know I Know", 2023)
The works of artist Marina Abramovic, known as the "Mother of Behavioral Art", also have the imprint of Datong. In 1988, she walked from the Shanhaiguan and Jiayuguan of the Great Wall and met in the Great Wall, which lasted 90 days in Erlang Mountain. In the meantime, they passed the Great Wall in Datong.
The "key" unit in the exhibition is based on the "Datong Ancient Architecture Survey Report" of Liang Sicheng and Liu Dunzhen as the clue. In 1933, Liang Sicheng, Lin Huiyin and Liu Dunzhen and Mo Zongjiang went to Shanxi to investigate Gujian and Yungang Grottoes, and completed the report. This exhibition paid tribute to this visit 90 years ago with a row of old black and white photos.
Different Datong 
This contemporary art season does make Datong show a completely different side. Wang Jing said: "So many important art works can be seen locally, it is already a kind of gain."
 (The exhibition courtyard in Datong contemporary art season, the lower left corner is the boulder sculpture of artist Shen Lieyi "Rain")
With the expansion of contemporary art audiences, the scenes of contemporary art are also expanding. There is a "urban space art season" in Shanghai, which expands art works and art activities to all corners of the city. Pulling from the city to the countryside, helping the countryside to revitalize the countryside.
But the influence of art requires continuous investment and long -term infiltration. Japan's Hou Wife has the "Earth Art Festival" since 2000 and has been held every three years. Now it is the world's largest international outdoor art festival. Artistic destination. Datong, who has a deep cultural heritage, has a stunning feeling with the first encounter with contemporary art, but if a city wants to increase the amount of quality, art can be a catalyst, and continuous investment for a long time is a greater challenge.
(Except for signatures, the pictures of this article are provided by the Datong contemporary art season. This article only represents the author's own point of view. Author's mailbox: shirleyft@163.com, edit mailbox: zhen.zhu@ftchinese.com))
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100168 
White Island Music Festival has been "free version" 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T22:57:34+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T18:59:99+08:00
Description: Zhang Lushi: Many scenes in the venue have nothing to do with music. Outside the stage is the common Ferris wheels and "big sledgehammer" in the playground. The shining lights are screaming one after another, which is tangled with the nearby electronic music and the bass rhythm.
Images: [" 000186542_pic... ", " 000186524_pic... ", " 000186527_pic... ", " 000186537_pic... ", " 000186525_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '旅行', '关注']
Keywords: ['旅行', '音乐', '摇滚', '音乐节']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
From the port of Portezmouth in southeast England, I took a ferry and drove 40 minutes in the British Strait. I landed in Britain's largest outlying islands Isle ofwight (White Island) for the second time. This time, I came towards the ISLE of Wight Festival (White Island Music Festival).
This music festival was founded in 1968, which is better than the symbolic Woodstock Music Festival(Woodstock RockFestival)It's one year earlier. At that time, the Music Festival of White Island was held for three consecutive years. The lineups of the two sessions of 1969 and 1970 attracted the public: singers in 1969, including Bob Dylan. When everyone thought that Dylan, who was at Woodstock, would definitely participate in the local music festival, he embarked on a journey to Gold Island. The 1970 lineup included legendary rock guitarist Jimihendrix, Miles Davis, and the rock band THEDOORS. The festival of the music attracted nearly 700,000 people around the world to White Island. It has also become the largest music festival in the world at that time. This directly prompts the British government to introduce a new regulations for "outdoor rally over 5,000 people to apply for permission" and require the local government of White Island to implement it.
 The performance site of the Music Festival in 1970, picture: Gettyimages
Similar to the Woodstoke Music Festival, which has become a symbol of non -mainstream culture, the White Island Music Festival was also founded by the infection of the "CounterCulture" movement in the 1960s. Traditional behavior specifications are intended to pursue individual freedom and explore the changes in the field of literature and art. Calling for anti -war, feminism, the rise of the "hippie" movement, and to oriental philosophy are all "anti -culture".
In this context, social criticality was once a characteristic of rock music. However, when the Cold Island Music Festival has been suspended for many years, when the rivers and lakes are re -entered in 2002, they have entered the era of new identity with "popular music and audiences" and "rebellion" with the millennium.
Taking this year's lineup as an example: One weekend music festival, two nights of leading artists arranged on the main stage, all once the best male singer winner of the British Music Award of the Pop Music Award. One is Georgeezra, a 30 -year -old folk singer, and Robbiewilliams, a 49 -year -old former idol men's group "TAKE That" member of the 49 -year -old former idol group. George Ezra's voice is low and tough, maybe a bit of the retro feeling of Bob Dylan at the same time, but the songs such as "Dream Sailing" that he created and became popular, from the health of the lyrics to the front The positive major chord made me look at a large child who rode on my parents on the shoulders and waved on the shoulders of my parents. If this is also called the Rock Music Festival, its kernel is two different from half a century ago.
Two days before I went to the island, I just ended three weeks of trip, but thought that the White Island Music Festival was a legend after all. I met this opportunity this year, I should still take a look. Moreover, there are still old bones like Manic StreetPreachers in the lineup. What's more, before going to the music festival during the day, you can go to the sea to swim to avoid summer.
Since the re -office 20 years ago, the festival has been held in SeaClosepark, a large country park next to the river. This festival is indeed quite large. From the parking lot to the stage area, it is necessary to pass through the camping area, RV area, food street, commercial area, playground, and finally reach the main stage with temporary Ferris wheels. Even if you walk quickly, you have to walk at least half an hour. There are a lot of muddy land in the journey. Sometimes, there are cars that set up the dust and soil, which is really close to the desert marching in the crowd.
 Picture: GettyImages
The roadside residents near the main stage derived a business during the music festival: the front yard of each household is full of vehicles, which is a small buying and selling by a shortcut fans and the local residents. Essence There are two types in the toilet in the music festival, one for free, but no one is cleaned throughout the weekend, and there is always a long dragon in front of the door. The other is the "clean and tidy version" that people maintain cleaning. The package is 50 pounds per person, which has been sold out early in the morning.
When buying a music festival ticket, the fare has containing the lodging camp, but the lower fare needs to bring the tent yourself. You can also choose "Advanced Camping" and the organizer provides tents. Another type of fare is a RV camping, which is subdivided into a fare with power supply and no power supply. However, the two or three hundred pound music festivals tickets are not the biggest expenses. For non -Islanders, you need to take a ferry to return. If you drive yourself, the fare of 40 minutes of ferry is about 140 pounds. It takes 300 pounds to go back and forth. But in addition to camping, many people also pursue a more comfortable hotel and homestay.
Since the booking time is relatively late, we live in Luccomehall on the southeast coast of White Island. When I was chatting with the inn and restaurants, I learned that every year at this time, the locals came to the festival, and the other parts of the island were quiet than usual. However, Luccomehall, who is 25 minutes away from the music festival, is still full of houses, although house prices have more than doubled during the festival. However, after half a day, after a long time of excitement, excitement, and exhaustion, I went back to the place to sleep on the ground. After waking up, the feeling of pushing the front door of the balcony facing towards the sea. feel. The hotel is probably the habit of visiting the music festival on the island: watch the scenery during the day, and go to see the band you like at night. In particular, the "big star" on the main stage is usually played only after nine and ten o'clock. Some hotels or homestays that know how to operate will provide additional big bath towels to the beach, and some will cooperate with nearby attractions. Therefore, we can also see the attractions not far from the residence: a primitive stone cliff forest Shanklin Chinese at the mouth of the sea.
 Photography: Zhang Lu ShiIn the early morning, I stepped back from the main stage and walked back, and the night was Weiyang. After a tree -shade, a large group of danced young figures flashed under the light and shadow. On the stage of this revival dance rhythm "Drum Nbass", there is a team of acrobatics who eat fire and vomiting in the same stage as DJ. The age of the audience is in front of the Lord's stage, and at a glance, it looks completely two groups. At the music festival from the morning carnival to the festival, there were still many children under the midnight stage, a considerable part of the lying in the stroller and fell asleep. The English companion around me sighed: "If my parents can take me to the Rock Music Festival when I was a kid, I would be very happy."
 At the scene of the Music Festival of White Island in 2014, pictures: gettyimages
Every day when he entered the field during the day, he came to see a large number of people who dressed up, or "rushing". Because many scenes in the field have nothing to do with music. Outside the stage, half of the facilities are common Ferris wheels, "air flying chairs" and stimulating "big hammer" in the playground. The colorful flickering over the air, the screaming sounds, and the entanglement of the various electronic music and the bass rhythm nearby.
I believe this is an annual carnival for many people. For adolescent young people, this is a rare personalized liberation party, and it is also a cosplay theme garden meeting. The original "Rock" music festival has developed to this day. The trace of worldly rebellion and "danger" atmosphere may be part of the music festival that has never been lost.
(This article only represents the author's personal point of view, edit mailbox: zhen.zhu@ftchinese.com)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100164 
"This documentary is growing naturally, and our understanding is also changing." 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-07-06T22:57:45+00:00
Published Time: 2023-07-06T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T18:59:99+08:00
Description: Cui Ying: Guo Jing and Coringding used the documentary "Shitang Town" to witness a dramatic change in a small Chinese fishing village, and also captured the mixed flavors of people in the change.
Images: [" 000186518_pic... ", " 000186519_pic... ", " 000186520_pic... ", " 000186521_pic... "]
Themes: ['电影', '关注']
Keywords: ['电影', '纪录片', '文化']
Type: Article
Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Today, Shitang Town, Wenling, Zhejiang is a Chinese Internet celebrity punch point, known as "East China Sea Good Hope Corner" and "Eastern Paris Virgin". There are coastal green roads, golden beaches, and colorful residences here. Tourists who come here are endless ... and just 10 years ago, this is a small fishing village that is dull and desolate. When Shanghai director Guo Jing and Kotindin came to investigate and filmed, they happened to be trying to transform the town to the tourism industry, so they had a new idea.
They used the documentary "Shitang Town" to show the changes in the town's experience and captured the anxiety, sadness and confusion of people in the process. On June 15th, the 181 -minute "Shitang Town" premiered the world premiere at the Shefield International Documentary Film Festival in the United Kingdom. Guo Jing and Cordroph came from Shanghai to participate in the premiere and answered the audience's questions.
Guo Jing and Cordinding are well -known in the field of Chinese documentary. The two have cooperated for 23 years and filmed the independent documentary "Fruit of Midsummer", "Circus School", "Early Tide", "2006, friends about my mother", "Mom, Mom, I am a mother "and so on. Most of these works are "observation documentary". This kind of documentary was born in the 1960s. It was fully presented as possible to the incidents. Without painting, the director became "Flyon The Wall".
Guo Jing and Cordinding are employees of the documentary channels of Shanghai Radio and Television. Their jobs are also filming documentary. The recently completed documentaries include "Tibet, Nature Road" and "Fire Rescue". The working hours and spare time contributed to the shooting, showing the enthusiasm of the two for the documentary. The French documentary "Louvre" was the most influence on the two. This film surprised them: This is what we want to do. As a result, the two were more firm to make the documentary they really wanted to shoot.
For the two directors, the charm of the documentary lies in: you know that there will be a story, but you don't know where the protagonist is, where the story is, and how the story will develop, let alone the ending of the story. In 2011, Guo Jing and Coringin wanted to shoot a documentary with the theme of nature and came to Shitang Town for investigation. Because this is a fishing village and a place where typhoons often land. Unexpectedly, the two men they first met in Shitang Town became the protagonist of the movie.
Guo Jing recalled: "Chen Qisheng is the director of the Shitang Town Tourism Office and a local cultural celebrity. He is the excavator of the traditional dance of the fishing village. Under his Zhang Luo Material and cultural heritage. But we didn't know these at the time, but we knew him through friends. We called Chen Qisheng. He was very enthusiastic and we went to his office. At that time, Huang Caibin, the branch secretary of a local village, was also there. It is found that the relationship between the two of them is particularly good, and both of them are very interesting. When we meet them, we think that they are the protagonists of the film. "At this time, Guo Jing and Cordindine decided to change the theme of the shooting and take the Chinese countryside as the background. Take a documentary that reflects the friendship of two middle -aged men.
However, a big thing happened. Because the close to the sea has almost exhausted, the lives of fishermen are difficult, and the traditional fishing village has reached the stage of the must be transformed. The local government also realized these issues, determining the development of tourism, and turning Shitang Town into a tourist town. After the two directors began to discuss again, Guo Jing said: "This documentary grows naturally, and our understanding of it has changed."
 "Shitang Town" stills
Guo Jing introduced: "At the end of 2012, the Shitang Town Reconstruction Project officially started, and the local government held a starting ceremony for this. They planned to create a coastal green road and hope to attract tourists with beautiful scenery by the sea. The process. And, this project is also related to Chen Qisheng. Chen Qisheng represents Party A and the government to participate in the construction of this project. "Therefore And how the old fishing villages have transformed into modernization and what impact this transformation has on the locals.
In fact, at 1/3, the two directors had doubts about the project, and they were almost giving up. Guo Jing explained: "Because we are unable to explain their lives. They eat and drink every day, eat and drink after work, and gather with this friend today, and get together with that friend tomorrow. Content. "Cordinding also said:" We almost give up, but after taking the scene, we gradually understood their lives, and we also knew what a documentary we wanted to shoot ... This is the charm of the documentary. We always look forward to it. We always look forward to Things outside. "
The first step of Jianhu Road is compensation for land acquisition. However, this process is not smooth sailing. "Shitang Town" presents a scene where an old mother expressed dissatisfaction with government compensation and confronts the engineering team, which is the problem of "nail households" that everyone is no stranger. In the film, Chen Qisheng was helpless, and lamented: "This is the countryside in China." The two directors hoped that what happened at that time, but it was not easy.
Cordingtin explained: "This kind of incident is very complicated, it is difficult to say who is right and wrong. To understand this part, we need to understand the relevant laws. In the film, we should tell the things as clear as possible. The old mother's approach is wrong, because in China, the fishermen have no cultivated land, and farmers have cultivated land, and there is a clear difference between the two. The government is willing to compensate. Each fisherman is 3524 yuan. Vegetables, fruits, etc. The old mother's approach is not reasonable and legal, but it cannot be said to be illegal, but many people watch this documentary and will sympathize with the old mother, and the old mother will win in the end. "
 "Shitang Town" stills
There are many "gray plots" like this, "Shitang Town". For example, if the fishermen do not have a fishing permit, even if there are fishing vessels, fisheries, they will not get diesel subsidies. "We don't make wrong judgments in the film, and we will not make judgments through editing. We only provide the facts and provide a story that we think is important." Perhaps it is precisely because these are not "non -black or black or" non -black or black or "non -black or black or" non -black or black or "non -black or black or" non -black or black or "non -black or black or" non -black or black or "non -black or black or" non -black or black or "non -black or" The plot of the white "plot, this documentary is real and attractive. In any documentary film festival, 3 hours of documentary are not easy to attract the audience, but after the premiere of "Shitang Town", a British audience said: "I see it with interest, and I don't feel long for 3 hours for 3 hours. ","For example, Chen Qisheng has been divorced from the first wife for almost 20 years, but the audience can still feel the affection between them from his expression and his words. Because his ex -wife is the mother of his son. In traditional Chinese families, this kind of affection related to blood is difficult to give up. The film also shows the scene of Huang Wenbin's family doing things, and the purpose is to present a strong family forces. Coringin lamented: "When their family kneels in front of God, I understand what is traditional Chinese families."
You can sing, you can knock on the drums, have a appeal to make a joke, and are filial and emotional ... The protagonist Chen Qisheng of the documentary is a very tension. "Chen Qisheng is talented!" Guo Jing said. Cordingin added: "We think that Chen Qisheng is China's Democcod, because he is a complicated and contradictory character, a soul that is nowhere to be placed. His ideal is incompatible with this town. The town is completely opposite and we don't like this town. We don't know how his relationship with this town, but we are sure that he is part of this town. All his distress, pain and fun are with this little little with this little little. Town related. When Chen Qisheng died, this documentary ended. At the same time, with his death, the era of the town was over. "The end of the documentary is the funeral of Chen Qisheng in the summer of 2017. This ending order ordered People boo.
 "Shitang Town" stills
The clip before the funeral is that Chen Qisheng brought people to visit the built coastal green road: Standing on the green road, the beautiful sea view was full. This Greenway was founded in 2013 and opened on May 1, 2016 and opened to tourists. The first phase of the project is about 8 kilometers long, 4.5 meters wide ... At this time, the golden beach in Shitang Town is also full of tourists.
During the shooting, the second point that made the two directors was shocked was the "China efficiency". Today, Shitang Town is a favorite of Chinese tourists. When the two directors heard that it was to change here and developed the tourism industry, I felt that this goal was completely impossible. After a few years, they did it. "Why is it successful? We don't know. This situation is impossible to happen in Western countries. In addition to the efficiency of Chinese -style, I think locals also realize the importance of transformation, so this change is in line with public opinion." Ke Ke. Tintin said.
"In recent years, Shitang Town has changed more. In the film, the stone houses inspected by Chen Qisheng have been transformed into characteristic homestays one after another, and it looks very fashionable. There is a village a colorful village. This was also the idea of Chen Qisheng when he was alive. At that time, he wanted to find the teachers and students of the Academy of Fine Arts to do this project together, and painted the houses of a village into various colors ... "Guo Jing added. Public data shows that in 2021, Shitang Town received a total of 1.9 million tourists, and tourism revenue was about 300 million yuan. In 10 years, Shitang Town has undergone tremendous changes. Guo Jing and Kotordin recorded this huge change in the documentary "Shitang Town".
From the beginning of 2011 to today's premiere, the birth of "Shitang Town" has gone through 12 years. Speaking of the biggest challenges in the shooting, both directors said: The road of shooting is far away, and they cannot continue to shoot there for a long time because they have their own jobs. "It takes more than 6 hours on the road, and it can only be taken there for a week at a time. Our shooting method is waiting, but we can't wait. This will affect the quality of this documentary." Cordindine said with regret. Because of the limited shooting time, they had to give up a lot of clues. For example, they originally had to follow the fishing vessels to go to sea to fish, but they were too long to go to sea, and sometimes it would take 1 or 2 months to sea. Then, they meet another very interesting person. This person is worth shooting for free to save people at sea ... but because time is not allowed, this line is not shot.
At the beginning of the shooting, "Shitang Town" applied for a fund. This fund was mainly used for the shooting cost and post -production of the film. That is to say, the two directors did not work with paid. "" ". But they are very satisfied because they can shoot this documentary according to their own ideas. And, they have no time pressure or release pressure, which makes this documentary more pure.
 Guo Jing and Cordinding
I am very curious how the two directors have cooperated for more than 20 years without turning their faces? The two of them are neither siblings nor couples (relatives and couples are common cooperation models for documentary). Guo Jing explained: "Because the two of us have the same understanding of the documentary, and the idea of what kind of documentary we want to shoot is also the same." Cordindine replied: "We are not always together. When working in the stage, she is working in the stage. With her group, I have my group, we don't have much time to shoot together. "Usually, documentary pays more attention to personalized perspectives, and most documentary directors are accustomed to exploring alone. Being able to shoot your favorite documentary with like -minded partners, and so high -yielding, the cooperation model of the two directors is also a miracle in the field of independent documentary.
(The picture in the article is provided by the respondent, edit mailbox: zhen.zhu@ftchinese.com)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001100163 
Israel: In response to the Rockets attacking 15 artillery shells to Lebanon 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T23:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T23:01
Description: With the Pakistani border conflict, the Israeli military claimed to have an attack on southern Lebanon in response to the launch of two rockets in northern Israel in Lebanon. According to Lebanon media reports, Israel launched more than 15 artillery shells on Thursday (July 6), hitting two Lebanese ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['以色列', '黎巴嫩', '火箭', '袭击']
With the Pakistani border conflict, the Israeli military claimed to have an attack on southern Lebanon in response to the launch of two rockets in northern Israel in Lebanon.
According to Lebanon media reports, Israeli launched more than 15 artillery shells on Thursday (July 6), hitting the surrounding areas of two border villages in Lebanon.
Lebanon security sources said that two rockets were launched to Israel that day, one of which fell in Lebanon, and the second rocket hit a controversial border area. No organization has been responsible for the rocket attack.
The Israeli military said in a military statement: "In response, the Israeli military crack down on the area where the rockets in Lebanon launch."
There are currently no reports on the casualties or losses on both sides.
The day before the incident, with the support of the Israeli bulldozer, an iron mesh tried to set up an iron mesh along the boundary, but was forced by the Lebanon army.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411437 
Zelei will visit Türkiye to talk with Erdogan 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T23:35
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T23:37
Description: Ukrainian President Zelei Skiski will visit Istanbul on Friday (July 7) and talks with Turkish President Erdogan. Agence France -Presse reported that the Presidential Palace of Turkey said that the two leaders would hold a joint press conference in Istanbul. The key discussion of this meeting ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '泽连斯基', '土耳其', '保加利亚', '伊斯坦布尔', '埃尔多安']
Ukrainian President Zelei Skiski will visit Istanbul on Friday (July 7) and talks with Turkish President Erdogan.
Agence France -Presse reported that the Presidential Palace of Turkey said that the two leaders would hold a joint press conference in Istanbul.
The key discussion of this meeting is expected to be on July 17th The upcoming Undered Black Sea Port Grain Export Agreement And the NATO Summit held next week.
Some analysts believe that Zeelianzky may promote Erdogan to agree to let Sweden join NATO before the NATO summit.
On the other hand, Zeleianzki visited Bulgaria on Thursday (6th), stating that the two countries agreed to cooperate more active in defense. At the same time, Bulgaria had invited Bulgaria to participate in the reconstruction of Ukraine.
Zelei said at a joint press conference held with Bulgarian Prime Minister Dankov that day: "We discussed military assistance from Bulgaria to Ukraine. We expect this kind of cooperation that saved many lives to continue all the way."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411445 
Once Japanese nuclear wastewater is exhausted, China may expand the ban on Japanese aquatic products 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T23:37:17+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 16:15:08Z
Description: The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Director -General Rafael Grossi (July 4), Rafael Grossi, submitted a comprehensive assessment report on the agency on the Japanese government on the Japanese government on the Tokyo government. The Japanese government first opened the green light in nuclear waste water in August. However, Japanese officials are concerned that the Chinese government, which has a strong opposition to Japan's nuclear wastewater, is likely to expand the restrictions on the import restrictions on Japanese aquatic products or comprehensively prohibit Japanese aquatic products from importing Japanese aquaculture imports after nuclear wastewater discharge in Japan.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['生态环境', '美洲', '亚太', '欧洲', '年终报道', '全球议题']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/japan-may-see-wider-chinese-seafood-ban-after-fukushima-release-20230706/7169693.html 
Following the reward -wanted wanted overseas Hong Kong people, Hong Kong police may start to fight the "yellow economic circle" 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (高锋)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T23:42:02+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 15:44:45Z
Description: The Hong Kong Police National Security Department arrested five members of the former Hong Kong political party "Hong Kong" members of the Hong Kong local party this week, and searched for the support of the "yellow shop" of the "yellow shop", commonly known as the "yellow shop" platform. Graduation. Police are more likely to take a crackdown on the "yellow economic circle" that emerged after the anti -delivery of the country in the short term.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '经济·金融·贸易', '人权', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hong-kong-likely-to-break-down-pro-democracy-economy-20230706/7169701.html 
Unbearable life pressure, the suicide rate of young people in China has continued to rise, and more and more collective suicide is increasing. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T23:55:05+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 15:55:05Z
Description: The news of well -known Chinese singer Li Yan died on Wednesday (July 5) caused a huge shock in China. People feel sorry and sad for the death of this singer who is full of vitality and red all over the country.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '教育']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-sees-suicide-rise-among-young-facing-school-pressure-20230706/7169618.html 
Ahmad Zahi: Umn 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-06T6:58
Modified Time: 2023-07-06T22:19
Description: Malaysia's United Party's National Front (Barisan Nasional) member Mahua and the National Party announced that they would not participate in the election incident in Liuzhou to continue fermenting. Prime Minister An Hua said that the two parties leading had stated to him that he would help the election without running. The Barisan Nasional and UMNO Chairman Ahmad Zahi said that UMNO will receive the original ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马国六州选举', '安华', '阿末扎希']
Malaysia's United Party's National Front (Barisan Nasional) member Mahua and the National Party announced that they would not participate in the election incident in Liuzhou to continue fermenting. Prime Minister An Hua said that the two parties leading had stated to him that he would help the election without running. The Barisan Nasional and UMNO Chairman Ahmad Zahi said that UMNO will receive a constituency that was originally assigned to MCA and the National University of the National University.
MCA and the National University Party announced on Wednesday (July 5) that they would not participate in the six states elections. Anwar on Thursday (6th) said at a press conference that MCA President Wei Jiaxiang and the Chairman of the National Party's Party, Venetian Varan, had contacted him and stated that the two parties did not participate in the six states elections, but they would continue to support the unity government.
Deputy Prime Minister and Barisan Nasional Chairman Ahmad Zahi pointed out on Thursday (6th) that the Supreme Council of the BN will discuss the matter next Monday (10th).
He said he respected the decision of the MCA and the National University. "As the President of the Barisan Nasional, I respect the decision of the two parties ... In fact, we have allocated constituencies to MCA and the National University of the National University. If they have decided, we will discuss it again."
Ahmad Zahi is also the Minister of Rural and Regional Development. At a press conference after the Changyue rally of the Ministry of Rural and Regional Development on Thursday, he talked about how to deal with it. Let's take it. "
Election Commission announced on Wednesday The nomination date of the six states such as Kedah, Penang, Selangor, Samililan, Dengjia, and Jilandan is July 29 (Saturday), and the vote is at the sunset on August 12 (Saturday), and the campaign period is 14 days.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230706-1411356 
The Chinese epidemic rolled up, and the official notification of the death of the infection in June is significantly increased compared to May. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-07T01:21:35+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 17:25:58Z
Description: Chinese official reported on Thursday (July 6) that 239 people in China died of the new crown virus in June. This is a significant increase in the number of deaths in China who abandoned the dynamic clearance policy for several months.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '新冠疫情']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-says-239-people-died-from-covid-19-in-june-in-a-significant-uptick-20230706/7169612.html 
The Hong Kong police waved the national security stick to suppress the softness, and the fifth member of the former people was arrested at the airport 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-07T01:25:34+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 17:45:23Z
Description: The National Security Office of the Hong Kong Police Department on Thursday (July 6) Zhu Enhao, a member of the Standing Committee of Hong Kong, before the Hong Kong International Airport was arrested. Zhu Enhao was also the fifth member of the former Zhizhi who was arrested after the four members of the Hong Kong police arrested on Wednesday.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '人权', '法律']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hong-kong-police-arrest-fifth-suspect-in-clamp-down-on-pro-democracy-activists-20230706/7169591.html 
In the outside world's concerns about China's in African base, the Chinese Navy appeared in Nigeria 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (巴特莱特)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-07T04:39:09+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 21:04:13Z
Description: A rare visit made by the Chinese Navy this week has once again questioned China ’s important military intention to strategic Guinea Gulf.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '非洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-navy-in-nigeria-20230706/7170179.html 
Beijing restricts strategic metal exports will cause overcurrent in China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-07T04:57:29+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 20:57:29Z
Description: People in the industry said that if Beijing restricts exports, China will face two increasingly increased strategic metals. Even if the overseas price of minerals with rare minerals this week will increase, it will still put pressure on domestic prices.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易', '科技', '美中关系', '美中贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/beijing-s-curbs-on-niche-metal-exports-threaten-china-supply-glut-20230706/7170240.html 
The United States is expected to announce a bundle ammunition to Ukraine 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-07T05:14:33+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 22:00:02Z
Description: U.S. officials said the Biden government plans to provide a bundle ammunition to Ukraine to help Ukraine's Anti -Russia War. This measure may cause strong dissatisfaction of human rights organizations.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/washington-expected-to-announce-it-will-send-cluster-munitions-to-ukraine-20230706/7170270.html 
Niger discusses uranium ore and other agreements with China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-07T06:49:10+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 22:49:10Z
Description: West African countries Niger and China have been discussing uranium mine agreements, including an industrial park and a oil pipe.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['非洲', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/niger-china-discussed-uranium-mining-20230706/7170331.html 
The power plant invested in China makes Jordan bears giant debt, causing concerns about Beijing's influence 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-07-07T07:02:13+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-06 23:02:13Z
Description: Jordan's Atlate Power Plant has been considered a milestone project, which is expected to provide major energy for this desert kingdom and consolidate relations with China. But after a few weeks of official opening, this project caused fierce controversy.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['一带一路', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国', '中东', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/new-power-plant-leaves-jordan-in-debt-to-china-20230706/7170283.html 
