世界新闻
World News
2023-06-05
 
English 
The number of landslides of the stock market decreases 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T-14:29:00Z
Description: Last year, the global downturn stock market also greatly shrunk the wealth of many rich people. The number of millionaire clubs is significantly lower than in previous years.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '通货膨胀', '德国', '股市', '留学德国', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选']
Keywords: ['股市', '货币政策', '通货膨胀', '全球财富报告', '美国', '德国', '房地产']
Id: 65803536
(Voice of Germany) The global stock market's landslide last year also made many rich people's money bags a lot. According to data released by the consulting company Capgemini, the number of people with at least one million US dollars of investment assets was reduced by 3.3%to 21.7 million globally. %, Fell to $ 83 trillion. Kaijie said that this is the year when the total assets and total number of total assets and total have fallen in the past ten years. "The unstable factors of geopolitical and market environment have caused this result."
In Germany, the number of "Millionaire Clubs" in 2022 decreased by 20,900 compared with 2021, a decrease of 1.61 million. The total assets of these rich people fell by 2.2%to $ 6.1 trillion. In 2021, the total assets of the rich man also increased by 7.4%to $ 63 trillion. Throughout Europe, the number of rich men in 2022 decreased by 3.2%compared to the previous year, and total assets fell to 182 trillion. The total wealth of the rich man in North America decreased by 7.4%to 256 trillion.
third 
According to Kajie's evaluation, although wealth has shrunk, but in the ranking of the number of million rich people around the world, Germany still ranks third in Germany Essence The first ranking is still the United States, the number of million rich people is 6.9 million (7.46 million in 2021), Japan ranks second, and the number of millionaires is 3.55 million (3.65 million in 2021), while China ranks fourth. The number of net assets (HNWI) is 1.5 million (1.54 million in 2021). In the global wealth report released by Kaijie in 1997, the assets that take care of them include stocks, fixed income securities, private equity and other alternative investment, cash and non -self -use real estate. Collection and consumer goods are not calculated.
In 2022, the German stock index fell more than 12%.
Other analysts also agree with the trends depicted by the Kajie report: As early as October last year, Allianz Insurance Company issued a global financial asset report every year It has been said that after the growth period of more than 10%for three consecutive years, in 2022, due to the influence of the Russian -Ukraine war, currency tightening policy, and inflation, global wealth is expected to decrease by 2%. This will also be after the 2008 financial crisis. The maximum wealth shrinks.
Federal Bank of Germany also said that due to the landslide of stock markets in 2022, German shareholders have suffered heavy losses. As of the end of 2022, German private families including cash, stocks, deposits, and insurance returns, which were 7254 billion euros, were significantly lower than the 7624 billion wealth levels recorded at the end of 2021. The German Dax stock index fell 12.3%last year, and MDAX, which reflects the situation of the small and medium -sized enterprise stock market, declined by 28.5%.
(Germany)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/股市滑坡-百万富翁人数减少/a-65803536?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
What happened behind the drone attacking Russia? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T-17:28:00Z
Description: Russia has a new situation in the Ukrainian war: more often military attacks appear in Russian territory. What is going on behind this and how does the West react?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['莫斯科', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Id: 65803958
There is a drone attack in Moscow, and Ukraine is not responsible for it
(Voice of Germany) This is a spiral. As in the past few days, from Wednesday to Thursday night, Russia once again conducted a large -scale air strike on Kiev, and this time used missiles. It was reported that two women and a child died. The Belgrod region adjacent to Ukraine and Ukraine has reported the news that it was attacked again by firepower. It may be the "Russian Volunteer Legion" attack, which launched a operation from the Ukrainian territory. In addition, a Russian media said that a drone was shot down in the Camaraga region. The day before, a drone attack on Moscow and the surroundings became headlines around the world. Such drone attacks have appeared for nearly a year. The first is to target military and energy infrastructure, and the goal is not limited to the Ukraine region of Russia, including Crimea, but also includes Russia. One of the earliest attacks was a refinery in the Rostov area in June 2022. It is rare to attack in Russia. In December, the strategic Engels Air Force Base was attacked twice.
On May 3rd, the Kremlin said that he was attacked by the drone
Behind the drone attack on Moscow 
Ukraine usually shows that it is not responsible for these attacks. At the same time, Russia launched an attack on Ukraine throughout the territory, which frequently launched attacks such as various weapons such as missiles and missiles. From the perspective of losses and casualties, the two could not be compared. However, in the past month, drone attacks that are not close to the border areas have increased. This is how the same thing?
Experts have different opinions. Gerhard Mangott, an expert in Russia in Austria, believes that Moscow's air strikes, the fire attacks in the Russian border area, and the "guerrillas" moved there -s he said the "Russian Liberty Legion" and " The Russian Volunteer Russian Volunteer Corps "guerrillas" are said to be a Russian citizen-there is a connection between the three.
Russian border area has been attacked in Ukraine and said it has nothing to do with this 
Psychological tactics 
Manste said to Germany: "Obviously, Wufang hopes to bring the fear of war to Russia. I want people there to feel that the country cannot protect them, whether in the border area or in Moscow." He It is believed that this is the illusion that the Kremlin is trying to create in Russia's society without war and everything.

柏林智库欧洲外交关系委员会的军事专家格雷瑟尔(Gustav Gressel)
柏林智库欧洲外交关系委员会的军事专家格雷瑟尔(GustavGressel)则认为，必须对无人机袭击和贝尔格罗德的情况加以区分。他向德国之声表示，对莫斯科的无人机袭击是战争中的心理战，"用高射炮把俄罗斯的干部们一早从床上轰起来"。格雷瑟尔认为，贝尔格罗德以及边境地区的袭击则与乌克兰的反攻有关。他认为，基辅想要迫使俄罗斯在边境地区加强兵力，为此也就必须从乌克兰境内撤走一部分兵力。至于这是否会增加乌方反攻的优势，在数周后才会比较清晰。
西方对无人机袭击莫斯科的反应 
西方对新近的情势反应谨慎。周三，一名德国政府发言人向德国之声表示，国际法允许乌克兰出于自卫而向俄罗斯领土发动袭击，但他同时补充说，柏林反对将德国向基辅提供的武器用于这样的行动。乌克兰最重要的武器提供国--美国的反应也类似。 白宫发言人基尔比(John Kirby)表示，对莫斯科的袭击中没有使用美国的武器。 He also emphasized that the United States does not support attacks on Russia.
Russia: Ukraine tries to assassinate Putin with drones 
F16 is only used for deterrence? 
Kiev hopes to obtain more weapons from the West, but some analysts believe that this is mainly a deterrent effect. At the recent G7 Summit of Japan, US President Biden said that Ukrainian President Zernezki promised that the F16 fighter that the country has always wanted to obtain will not be used to attack Russia. So far, Western partners have only decided to train Ukraine pilots, but have not decided to provide F16 fighters.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/无人机袭击俄罗斯的背后究竟是怎么回事？/a-65803958?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Japan introduces a new policy: investing 3.5 trillion yen per year "give birth" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T-19:28:00Z
Description: The Japanese government announced that it would invest about 3.5 trillion yen a year. The decline in birth rate has seriously affected the society in many aspects of society.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '日本']
Keywords: ['日本', '催生', '出生率', '人口老龄化', '劳动力短缺']
Id: 65807886
(Voice of Germany) The Japanese government announced specific measures on Thursday (June 2) to suppress the decline in birth rate by increasing financial support for children's families.
The Japanese government said it will reverse this trend of about 3.5 trillion yen (about $ 25 billion or 23.5 billion euros) per year. Although the decline in birth rate has affected many developed countries, it is particularly serious in Japan.
From birth to two years old, parents will have the right to obtain allowances of about 15,000 yen (about $ 107) per month. Children over 3 years old will get 10,000 yen, and the age coverage will be expanded to high school.
According to the draft policy, the state will no longer use household income as the standard for issuing parenting allowances. The government also plans to open a childcare or day care center for children, even if their parents do not work.
Starting from fiscal 2025, the Japanese government will also increase childcare fake benefits. Even if both parents are reconciled, the disposable income of the family will remain unchanged for up to four weeks.
These measures also include increasing paid parenting leave and subsidies for fertility treatment.
Why do you want to introduce this "birth" policy? 
Data show that in Japan with a population of 125 million, the number of births of the year last year was less than 800,000. It has reached a new decline in eight years earlier than expected.
Japanese Prime Minister Kishita Kishita proposed the plan in March, at the time he stated that he was proposing "the policy of declining birth rates in unprecedented scale" And seeking income of childcare.
He said to a group of ministers, experts and business leaders: "We will continue to take these measures to cope with the problem of decline in birth rate without asking the public to bear more burdens."
Japan is the second largest aging country in the world after Monaco, and its relatively strict immigration policy means that it is facing the problem of labor shortage.
A public opinion survey from Reuters shows that more than nine -tenth Japanese companies have a sense of crisis on accelerated fertility rates.
At the same time, the cost of taking care of the elderly is also soaring. The Kishida government was criticized for failing to rely on the sources of funds that reducing expenses and eager to improve the economy.
Japanese women have something to say 
(Agence France -Presse, Reuters, Kyodo Society)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/日本出台新政策：每年投入3-5万亿日元-催生/a-65807886?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Tiananmen Mother: & Quot; Never forget that dark night & quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T04:15:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:31:22-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Members of the "Tiananmen Mother" group, who sacrificed the victims of the June Fourth Fourth Fourth Fourth Fourth 4th in the Beijing Wanan Cemetery, could not be a speech. Wan'an Cemetery's 64th Difficulties provided Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/GT-06042023041129.html/@stream On the day of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th "June 4th", many members of the family members of the June 4th family members "Tiananmen Mother" went to the Beijing Wan'an Cemetery under the surveillance of the public security to commemorate the deceased. Tiananmen's mother group said that as the relatives of the deceased, they would never forget that dark night. On this day, some netizens launched a one -day hunger strike for June 4th Simpling Festival. On Saturday night, social accounts such as WeChat and QQ in China were banned from changing avatars.
4 people arrested 4 people on the eve of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th * Human Rights Organization of the 34th Anniversary of the June 4th Incident urged the Chinese government to recognize the responsibility of slaughtering the city "June 4th" is difficult to adhere to the commemoration of the members of the Hong Kong Federation of the Hong Kong Branch Federation, Mourning "June 4th" * How did the Chinese Communist Party make 1. Shifu -four people suffer from "June Fourth Amnesia"? 
On June 4th, Tiananmen Square and surrounding were tightly alert. Police also checked passers -by's ID card. In the morning, Mr. Li, a foreign province of Tiananmen Square, told this station: "I am in Beijing, and there are face recognition cameras around Tiananmen. You pass by, and the police are shouting. , Register, there are many plainclothes. As long as you commit a little, you will be criminally detained. "
在北京警方高度戒备下，6名六四难属身穿黑色衣服纪念六四期间被杀害的亲人。(万安公墓六四难属提供) On WeChat, QQ and other chat tools, no one commemorates the white chrysanthemums and candles of the June 4th anniversary on the 6th anniversary of this year. In this regard, Mr. Li said: "In previous years, there were all the commemorative days. This year, the suppression is particularly ruthless. Now you have arrested you." The June 4th incident has passed 34 years, but it is still the most controversial and sensitivity in Chinese history. One of the events.
 
Mr. Tian, Hunan Internet, told this station that on Saturday night, the WeChat and QQ of domestic netizens were banned from changing their avatars. On the day, there were still one day on the "June 4th Silent Simpling Festival": "Maybe there is no previous commemorative popularity, but there are still. Today is (human rights lawyer) Tang Jingling advocated the quiet thinking festival. People in our group have a hunger strike for one day to protest. Most people will remember this day. Tencent QQ and WeChat have not let you modify your avatars from last night. "
On the morning of the same day, Yu Weijie, a spokesman for the "Tiananmen Mother" group in Beijing, member Jinping, Yuan Blade, Hao Jian, Duan Changqi, etc., under the "escort" of the Beijing Police, went to the Wan'an Cemetery to commemorate them in the June 4th incident. A loved ones. Zhang Xianling, 86, has not been present because of physical discomfort.
In the early morning of June 4, netizens in China cannot replace WeChat and QQ chat tools. (Provide by Wan'an Cemetery 64th Difficulties) [
In the live video, the six difficulties were wearing black clothes and bowed to the deceased. Jin Ping, the wife of Yang Yansheng, a victim of June 4th, said in his speech: "The 34th anniversary of June 4th passed. On this unforgettable day, we all gathered in the Wan'an Cemetery in the western suburbs to memorize us on June 4, 1989. A relative ... ".....
The sacrifice published by the "Tiananmen Mother" group wrote: Today, today, at the time, the government used the field troops to use machine guns, tanks and armored vehicles. On the capital Changan Street and other important streets, there were many people on the road. True guns shot at the crowd, crushed with tanks, and brutally suppressed students and citizens. Our loved ones, they fell under the bloody night of sin, and gave precious life for the ideals in their hearts. It is also said that as the relatives of the deceased, we will never forget that dark night and always remember.
In the spring of 1989, large -scale protests occurred in Tiananmen Square, Beijing, and tens of thousands of students and citizens gathered on the square to demand political reform and oppose corruption. However, under the suppression of the authorities, this movement ended with a tragic ending.
On the 34th anniversary of June 4th, many Chinese netizens launched the June 4th Silent Festival activities for one day. (Provide by Wan'an Cemetery 64th Difficulties) [ The telephone communication of the mother group of Tiananmen Mother group was blocked 
On the same day, this station called Tiananmen's mother, You Weijie, Zhang Xianling and others, but it was unable to connect. The reporter called Zhang Xianling's landline many times, but the reporter could hear the other party speak, and the other party could not hear the reporter's voice. Zhang Xianling's family said on the phone: "Hey ..., don't call overseas calls. Now it's monitoring. Your overseas phone is cut off and you can't hear your voice."
The event attracted the attention of media and public at home and abroad. Many people believe that the strength and courage of "Tiananmen Mother" are moving, and they call on the Chinese government to face up to history, pursue the truth, and explain to those innocent dead.
On June 4th, at all parts of the world to commemorate this important moment. In the United States, Taiwan, and Hong Kong, there are private organizations rally or individuals' sD activities to express their nostalgia for those who have lost their lives or arrested in prison, and and also Call on the Chinese government to re -examine the matter.
Reporter: Editor -in -chief: Chen Meihua Xu Shu Ting Shenyi.com editor: Jesse
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt-06042023041129.html 
Taiwan has set off #Metoo boom Wang Dan and blue -green politicians are all controlled by sexual harassment 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T05:04:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:12:04-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The netizen of Li surnamed Li publicly accused Wang Dan's sexual harassment of him 9 years ago, and asked to apologize otherwise. Reporter Li Zonghan Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaO/renquanfazhi/hcm1-06042023114630.html/@stream On the day of June 4th, a netizen named Li came forward to accuse Wang Dan's sexual harassment in Taipei, and asked Wang Dan to apologize before midnight on the 6th of Taipei. Wang Dan responded again. Taiwan recently set off "#Metoo"(Mi Rabbit) The upsurge of sports, blue and green are named politicians.
* Wang Dan's seizure of sexual harassment "Li Yuanjun" was interviewed for the first time 
李姓网友两天前先在个人脸书发文指控，9年前应王丹之邀前往美国，遭到王丹性骚扰。4日上午他在台北市议员林亮君陪同下，以公开露脸方式重述当时的经过。
李姓网友称，2014年6月6日晚间，在纽约某饭店，遭王丹强吻，并“强暴未遂”。他说，接下来的几天中，王丹不时对他言语骚扰、有意无意暗示试图发生关系。他说，因为在美国举目无亲，语言又不通，一周多的时间他担心受怕，最后提前返台。
李姓网友拿对话截图为证 
对于有部分网友对他的指控表示质疑，李姓网友拿出他与王丹的对话截图指出，王丹在2014年5月30号台湾时间下午4点47分传讯息“在纽约等你”，称这是一个明确的邀约。他也公布几张王丹私人住所照片，与王丹直播比对，像是挂画、台灯等位置都完全吻合，证明他确实去过。
由于前一天王丹以“没有性骚扰”以及“记忆落差”回应相关指控，李姓网友对王丹喊话称，他手上有录音等相关证据，要求王丹道歉否则提告。“如果6月6号之前，没有在社群为过去行为，向所欺负过或骚扰、甚至侵害过的人道歉，我会带着证据向检方提告。”
“欢迎提告，支持用法律的方式寻找事情的真相。”王丹接受本台查证时做上述回复。
The netizen of Li showed a screenshot of the dialogue with Wang Dan, proved to be invited by Wang Dan to the United States.(Reporter Li Zonghan Photo) Why did the engine from revealing the engine before June 4th? 
Netizens named Li revealed the so -called sexual harassment inside story. The June 4th Memorial Museum, which happened to be involved in Wang Dan, was unveiled on the same day in New York. Netizens named Li actively explained that June 4th is a very important day for democracy in the world, but it is also a stain. He said that Wang Dan stood in front of the tank at that time to suppress human rights to fight the power of the Communist Party of China. But now he is facing Wang Dan, "like the person standing in front of the tank car."
"I'm scared. I think if I am not careful, I may be killed by your tank. You have too much power than me. You have too much halo, and your hand can even reach politics or The academic circle. "Li surnamed Li said.
The netizen of Li surnamed Li once complained to the two former Taipei City councilors. However, he said that he was unstable in physical and mental condition nine years ago, and he was worried that he would be discredited into "Chinese assaults", so he stopped. Now that several recent political workers have revealed sexual harassment and inappropriate treatment in the workplace, they have given him the courage to stand up.
 
Taiwan politics set off #Metoo trend 
On May 31, a former party worker of the DPP issued a letter on Facebook on Facebook. Director "Hui Ge" was sexually harassed. When she asked for help with Xu Jiatian, the director of the Women's Department of the Democratic Progressive Party at the time, she turned and left and was injured twice.
She quoted a well-known line of the recent political rammed drama "Candidate-Creator". Drop, you will die. "
In addition to Xu Jiatian, this post was in the Taiwan politics frying pot. At that time, Lin Feifan, deputy secretary -general of the DPP, also apologized for "ignoring the reason behind the parties not to take the appeal channel". Immediately after another female party worker was accused of being sexually harassed by his classmates, he reported to the then director of the youth department that he also forced her to apologize on the grounds of influencing the atmosphere of the department.
Regarding the sexuality of the party in the party, Lai Qingde, the current chairman of the Democratic Progressive Party, has repeatedly apologized to the victims and Taiwanese society. "Personal safety and rights are the most important.
Former Democratic Progressive Party and Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen also posted on Facebook that in the past two days, the victims were revealed one after another. Essence "As a former party chairman, he is blame. To express his deepest apology to the victim's friends and the public."
Coincidentally, the Blue Camp also had politicians that were named and involved in the sexual show. Dong Chengyu, general manager of Mirror Literature, revealed on Facebook that a political figure who was the county chief and now the legislators. Grab her hand, and even suddenly stood up and "hug her head -in -law." According to its description, it is speculated that the Kuomintang legislator Fu Kunzheng, Fu Kunyi also issued a statement saying, "If there is any sexual harassment, please tell me!" Hou Youyi, a presidential candidate called by the Kuomintang, issued a statement calling on the Party Central Committee to "never ignore this."
The #METOO movement of Taiwan's political scene has been spreading more than ten in less than a week, and there are still how many unsteady bombs have been not exploded.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Chen Meihua Xu Shushen Shenyi.com Editor: Jessi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/hcm1-06042023114630.html 
Genetic technology -The long -lasting development of grain production 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T07:28:00Z
Description: Around genetic food, there are various uneasy rumors. But in fact, with the continuous improvement of genetically modified technology, more and more experts believe that persistent food production has gained important and safe methods.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 科技环境
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['转基因食品', '杂交', '水稻', '全球人口', '饥饿', '粮食生产 健康 质量 消费 温饱 成本 营养 饥饿']
Id: 65808887
(Voice of Germany) For environmental protection, food production is simply a disaster. According to the "World Database" of the Internet magazine, agricultural production should not only be responsible for the quarter of the carbon dioxide emissions of the atmosphere, but also the most important persecution of biodiversity.
While the environment is destroyed, the global population is also growing. The United Nations predicts that in 2057, the global population will reach 10 billion. So the question is, how can we increase the grain output by 50%? Can you reduce the serious consequences of losing the diversity of biological diversity as much as possible? Is genetic technology the key to solving this problem?
Matinqaim, the director of the Food Economic Expert and Director of the Development Research Center of Bonn University, said: "We have now realized that expanding the area of grain planting is the culprit that causes climate change and harmful biodiversity. That is to say, in order to protect the environment, We must plant grain planting as much as possible. "
How can I feed 10 billion people? 
Kaim said that in general, if you want to increase the output of food under the premise of protecting the environment, we must pay attention to two points: "One is that we must change the diet and pay attention to the durability of food consumption. Create less garbage and eat less meat. The second is that we need better technology to launch more favorable environmental protection agricultural production methods. "
On the one hand, we must change the way to produce food. For example, reduce consumption from the protein and nutrition of animals. But this is not enough to solve the problem. Kaim and other experts believe that genetically modified technology will become an important foundation for continuous food production.
"Everyone hopes to get the highest output on the smallest area, and it cannot use pesticides and pesticides too much. Is it a good thing? "
What is genetically modified food? 
After the biological genes are changed, their characteristics will also change. Through the transformation of crop genes, not only will the yield increase, but also the resistance to pests and pests will also be improved. It can also tolerate drought and frost, and may also allow crops to provide more nutritional components.
In addition, crops can be optimized to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, thereby improving the sustainability of agricultural production. Although the popularity of genetically modified technology is getting higher and higher, the planting area of genetically modified food only accounts for 10 % of the total area of arable land.
Replanet is a non -governmental organization alliance dedicated to stop climate change and protect biological diversity with scientific means. The spokesman of the alliance DavidSpencer said to Germany: "GMI is actually a common technology in the process of plant culture. The hybridization technology used for thousands of years has been very similar. In fact, its technical means have become more exquisite, so that we can change plants faster and more accurately. "
Flood disasters are one of the natural enemies of rice planting.
GM technology was first used in agricultural production in the United States in 1994. After modification of tomato genes, its maturity period became slow, and the storage period was extended. Since then, genetically modified technology has also been allowed to be put in soybean, barley and rice planting. At the same time, genetically modified bacteria also appeared, which can produce more protein.
Indian scientists have developed SUB1 -resistant rice, which greatly improves the ability of this rice to fight flood disasters. Flood disasters are the main problems of rice planting areas in northern India and Bangladesh, and with the changes in climate, flood disasters have become more serious and frequent. At present, 6 million farmers in the region are planting SUB1 to flooded rice.
The so -called golden rice is to improve the vitamin A content in rice through genetically modified technology to cope with the shortage of vitamin A in the Asian -African region.
Discussion caused by genetic technology 
There are still many people who have doubts about genetically modified technology. A poll in 2020 shows that half of the respondents from more than 20 countries skeptical of the safety of genetically modified food.
Thirty years ago, when genetic technology had just appeared, even in the academic circle, some people doubted the safety of genetically modified foods Essence But this situation has changed today.
Rhodes made analysts of South African Biological Safety Organizations in in -depth research on the safety of genetically modified foods. He said: "We already have thirty years of experience and data. These data tell us that in terms of consumption, genetically modified foods are very safe and have no harm to the environment."
Roders believes that now in any country, the use of genetically modified technology needs to obtain government approval. "After being approved by planting and commercial operations, it also needs a long stage of research and development and experimental stage."
Mengshan has broken the reputation of genetically modified food 
Kaim said that in discussions involving genetically modified technology, people often mix genetically modified technology with corporate industrialized planting. The bad effects caused by Mengshan are still shrouded in the entire industry. "Some people are worried that companies such as Mengshan will continue to promote a large amount of vicious agricultural production models that use pesticides and a single planting, and buy seeds to farmers at high prices." Kaim said that the above issues are more manifested in related technologies. Supervision, not genetically modified technology itself.
Due to the serious use of pesticides, Mengshan made the entire industrial crop planting industry ashamed.
"Kaim said:" A small number of enterprises dominated industrialized agricultural production, this model itself is a mistake. But this has nothing to do with the genetically modified technology itself. Forbidden genetically modified organisms are like drug smuggling and pornography, so it is forbidden to prohibit The Internet is the same. "
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/基因技术-粮食生产的持久发展之路/a-65808887?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Indian train accident: Why is the country's train often derailed? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-04T09:50:50.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T09:50:50.000Z
Description: There are many questions about the exact reason for this fatal accident to be answered.
Images: [" _129977184_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['印度']
Type: Article
Indian train accident: Why is the country's train often derailed? 
June 4, 2023![] Image source, AFP
Image adding text,
The accident on Friday killed at least 288 people, and more than 1,000 people were injured
India collided and derailed in the evening of Friday (June 2), which had killed at least 288 people and more than 1,000 injured. There are many questions about the exact reason for this fatal accident to be answered. 
According to reports, two special express passenger trains and a row of freight trains occurred near a small railway station in Audisha, Eastern Audisha. One of the passenger trains hit a row of cargo trains, and the carriage flipped into the third rail, causing a row to derail a train. The preliminary report states that the accident was caused by the fault of the signal.
The truth behind the accident will only be revealed after a comprehensive investigation, but it once again trigger concerns about the safety of the Indian railway.
India's railway system is one of the world's largest. The national railway network exceeds 100,000 kilometers (62,000 miles), and the number of passengers per day is 25 million. Indian Minister of Railways Ashwinivaishnaw said that a new railway was paved about 5,200 kilometers last year, and about 8,000 kilometers of railways was upgraded each year.
He was in a recent communication disclosed Most railways are upgraded to adapt to trains with a speed of 100 kilometers per hour. A considerable part of them will be upgraded to a speed of 130 kilometers per hour, and some are prepared for high -speed trains at a speed of 160 kilometers per hour.
This is obviously part of the government's intention to run a faster train intention nation -the real high -speed railway line is built separately, connecting the financial capital of Mumbai and Ahamada Bad.
However, a former railway officer Viveksahai told me that derailment is still "a headache on the railway." There are many reasons for the derailment of a train- "maybe the rail maintenance is not good, it may be a problem with the carriage, or it may be a mistake in driving operations."
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
The Komand Express Train is derailed, turning over the neighboring rail, and was subsequently hit by another train closer.
A government in 2019-20 years Railway Safety Report It is found that 70%of the derailment of railway accidents has increased from 68%in the previous year. (Train fire and collision are ranked behind, accounting for 14%and 8%of the total of the total accidents).

Prime Minister Modi said the person in charge of the accident seriously punish the accident 
The rescue operation of the train accident has ended, and officials said that the trapped and injured passengers had been rescued.
Prime Minister Modi visited the scene, saying that it was a "painful" incident.
He also said that guilty people were found in the accident would be "severe punishment."
This multi -train collision was described as the worst railway accident in India in this century. The current specific causes have not yet been clear.
The authorities have launched a comprehensive investigation on the incident. Officials of the railway authorities pointed out that the preliminary report stated that the accident may be caused by a signal failure.
According to the news, there are about 2,000 passengers on the two bus trains involved in the accident.
In the assessment year, 40 derailment accidents were counted, 33 times were passenger trains, and 7 times were freight trains. 17 of them are derailed due to the "defect" of the rails -may include the number of rails or settlement.
The report states that only 9 derailment accidents are due to the failure in the train -engine, carriage, car skin, etc.
The railway rails are made of metal. In summer and winter months, the temperature will be swollen and contracted due to temperature rising. They need to be maintained regularly -tightening loose parts, replacing pillow wood, and adding lubrication and adjustment to the transfer interface. This type of rail maintenance is done by artificial, hand -pushes, locomotives and tail vehicles.
The routine suggestion of the Indian railway is that the rail inspection vehicle carefully checks the geometric structure integrity of the track at least every three months to maintain the speed of 110 to 130 kilometers per hour.
Federal government auditors on derailment from April 2014 to March 2021 Report There are some disturbing discoveries:
There have been many discussions on the installation of anti -impact devices on the Indian train, but according to a railway official, the system currently only installed on two main lines -from Delhi to Kolkata, and from Delhi to Mumbai. As for how such a system can have a role in derailment or "strange" impact accident, it is unclear.

Image adding text,
In 2010, a row of passenger trains in West Bengal was derailed and collided with a row of freight trains, causing more than 150 people to die
In 2010, a row of passenger trains in West Bengal was derailed and collided with a freight train, causing more than 150 people to die. Investigators said that the Maoist rebels destroyed the rails, causing this column to be derailed from Calcore to Mumbai's passenger trains, and five of them were thrown on the track of another freight train. There are no signs that the accident on Friday has been deliberately destroyed.
The railway department pointed out that there were 34 "railway accidents that caused consequences" in 2021-22-collision, derailment, fire or train explosion, road cars and trains collided at the plane intersection, etc. many. The Hindus reported on May 31 that this type of accident rose to 48 years in 2022-23.
Report It is quite foresight that the railway authorities are concerned about the rise in the accident rate and have required their senior managers to "strictly evaluate the working time of the staff, especially the East Coast Railway and the Southeast Central Railway Department, and make urgent amendments." The accident on Friday night happened in the busy area of the East Coast Railway.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65801957 
Police on the 64th anniversary of the Hong Kong Police are taken away 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:29:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:13:22-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chen Baoying, the chairman of the Society, was taken away by the police in the business district of Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. Screenshot's former chairman Wu Wenyuan Facebook Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/renquanfazhi/hcm2-06042023121833.html/@stream The 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, Hong Kong Victoria Park, which has always held a mourning rally, has become a venue for the return of the "Rural Love" to the "Township City Collection" this year. The Hong Kong police strengthened deployment around Victoria, and the news that many people including the chairman of the Socialist Corporation, Chen Baoying, and former chairman of the Ji Jie Association were taken away by the police.
Tiananmen Mother: "Never forget that dark night" * The 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of Taiwan held the only public commemorative party on both sides of the strait **
* 4 people arrested 4 people on the eve of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th ?(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt-06022023021308.html) 
After the June 4th incident in 1989, Hong Kong Victoria Park's candlelight commemorative rally every year in June 4th was the world's largest June 4th commemorative event. In June 4th this year, Hong Kong did not have a candlelight party for the fourth consecutive year.
The former chairman of the community and the former chairman Wu Wenyuan posted on Facebook. At the seven o'clock in the evening, Chen Baoying, the chairman of the Society, held a yellow paper flower and electronic candle. He stood on the Jili George Street, Causeway Bay. Go to a police car. According to Wu Wenyuan's photo of Chen Baoying's police car, she has been raising yellow paper flowers in her hand, and the photo marking#refuses to forget.
At around 6 o'clock in the evening, Hong Kong's "Ji Zhishe" reported that Mai Yanting, former chairman of the Hong Kong Journalists Association, also appeared in Causeway Bay and was taken away by police officers present. According to the reporter of "Ji Zhishe", the police officer searched Mai Yanting at the entrance of Causeway Bay. The two sides were arguing. She was then taken away by the police. It is reported that Mai Yanting also interviewed the 33rd anniversary of the 64th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of Causeway Bay last year.
Mai Yanting has been the chairman of the Hong Kong Records Association for 25 years. The industry is called "MAK Sister MAK". The U.S. Congress and the Chinese Committee of the Executive authorities testified at hearing. The Wenwen Report also made Mai Yanting and two other associations, Yang Jianxing and Chen Langsheng as "anti -China -China Random Port".
In addition, the famous social movement, known as the "mother -in -law Wang", holds flowers in the afternoon and lifts the "5" and "1" gestures with both hands. It means that the 2019 demonstrators are often called "five major demands, lack of one indispensable". Surrounded by famous police officers, bringing away from Causeway Bay.
In addition, the police also took many people in the afternoon, including women with the word "conscience", and the three -character script of the stage drama "May 35" with the theme of June 4th, young people at Mo Station in Causeway Bay.
Behavioral artist Sanmu was arrested and shouted, "Don't be afraid of Hong Kong people, don't forget June 4th" 
There have been sporadic commemorative activities on the eve of June 4th, and many participants have been arrested. On the evening of the 3rd, near the Causeway Bay Business District, AFP reporters witnessed the police pushed several acting artists into a police car.
After being arrested on the 3rd of Hong Kong artists on the 3rd, he shouted on the streets of Causeway Bay: "Don't be afraid of Hong Kong people, don't forget that tomorrow is June 4th."(Screenshot from Twitter) The police announced in the evening that four people had been arrested, and the crime was "destroying order in public places" and "behavior with incitement". After the artist Chen Sanmu was arrested, he shouted repeatedly on the streets of Causeway Bay: "Don't be afraid of them (police). Don't be afraid of Hong Kong people. Don't forget that tomorrow will be June 4th." Behavioral artist Chen Meitong was also taken on a police car in the nearby area at night.
Hong Kong artist Huang Guomai appeared at Taipei Liberty Plaza on the 4th to attend the June 4th Evening Party, and accepted an interview with this station that Sanmu's performance in Causeway Bay has exceeded 10 years. In the past, he also performed with Sanmu. In his opinion, this kind of terrorist caution in Hong Kong is normal, because the Hong Kong police have become a terrorist group to perform a drama of "scaring you".
"My friend Sanmu is very brave. When he was caught, he told Hong Kong people not to be afraid, don't forget that tomorrow is June 4th. I think he is demonstrating to us. The secret of freedom is courage." Huang Guo said. Taiwan University's overseas Chinese student Liu Jiayi Garden's arrest of Taiwan college student group support 
At the same time, according to the "Ji Zhishe" report, Liu Jiayi, the representative of the group "Tiananmen Mother" of the group, and Guan Zhenbang, volunteer, wearing a candlelight "Truth" shirt on the 3rd, and the "89 6420" black top , Mourning in the pond in Victoria. Liu Jiayi holds six white roses and four red roses, and is posted on her body with A4 white paper with "fasting". It is planned to start a hunger strike at 89643.4 seconds at 6:44 to mourn the June 4th incident and support the "Tiananmen Gate Mother". The police officer then blocked the scene with an orange band and took them to the police car away.
On the evening of the 4th, Xu Guanze, President of the Graduate Association of Taiwan University, and Sun Yuqian, the president of Taiwan University Student Students held a press conference at the Free Square in Taipei to support the National Taiwan University Architecture and Urban -Rural Research Institute(Urban area)Graduate Liu Jiayi. Xu Guanze shared a conversation with Liu Jiayi at the "Urban and Rural Communications" in the National Taiwan University Urban and Rural Institute in 2021.
 
He said that today's thirty -four years ago, the Chinese government violently suppressed the students of Tiananmen Square with tanks. At this moment, China still has no advancement at this moment, and now he has stretched the black hands into Hong Kong. Peaceful demonstrator. He admires Liu Jiayi not only a graduate student from the National Taiwan University from Hong Kong, but also a sportsman who dedicated his life to the pursuit of freedom and democracy. They will pay close attention to the personal situation of classmate Liu, and also call on the presidents of the National Taiwan University to support their students and give necessary assistance.
In the evening, the National Taiwan University responded that Liu Jiayi was a Hong Kong student in the urban and rural institutes. The June 4th incident is a major historical event that the world cares about, and it is always worthy of vigilance. The National Taiwan University is currently in contact with relevant units, hoping that the competent authorities and all walks of life can support and assist Liu Liu.
Reporter: Huang Chunmei Responsible: Chen Meihua Xu Shushen Shenyi.com Editor: Jessi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/hcm2-06042023121833.html 
" Disassembling campaign & quot; sponsor Qiao Xingxin reportedly caused losses to cause public opinion attention 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:38:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:56:16-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Qiao Xinxin, former special reporter of the Chinese Department in Southeast Asia, recently reportedly lost contact with the outside world. Network screenshot/rights protection network
Qiao Xinxin, the initiator of "Disassembling Wall", recently reportedly lost contact with the outside world. The news released by the Rights Rights Network on June 4 pointed out that on the occasion of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, Qiao Xingxin, who was in Laos, lost contact with the demolition of the Chinese network firewall movement, which caused the outside world to worry about the Chinese police's implementation of cross -border arrest.
The report quoted the attention of Qiao Xingxin's Internet news. On the evening of June 3, a friend Qiao Xinxin arrived at his residence and found that the door of his residence was locked. A Laos neighbor said that about 3 days ago, 2 Laos police and 6 Chinese police came. Another friend said that he was tracked last night, so he had to change his residence frequently and temporarily inconvenient to be interviewed by the media. Other people called Qiao Xingxin's call, but Laos and English reminded "unable to connect."
According to reports, Qiao Xinxin disclosed in April this year that the Chinese police organized the provinces to organize the provinces to enter Beijing and conduct a special battle for a month with the "Overseas Internet Army". At the same time, the authorities also instructed the Hunan Provincial Public Security Department, Qidong County, town police station and village cadres to investigate his personal situation and put pressure on him through local relatives and friends.
Rights Protection Network pointed out that as of now, it is not clear whether Qiao Xinxin has been arrested back to mainland China.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-06042023123621.html 
Candlelight on the corner of the garden: commemorate the June 4th rally in San Francisco, USA 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T16:01:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T14:47:47-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Situation of this event. Sun Cheng shot, exclusively launched Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaODAO/renquanfazhi/sc-06042023154458.html/@stream At dusk on June 3, the 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary was held in the Garden Cape Plaza in Chinatown, San Francisco. Hundreds of people participated in the activities of the day, and there were also posters and white wreaths with huge "pillars of the country" at the scene.
Police on the 64th anniversary of the Hong Kong Police are taken away by many commemorative people * Tiananmen Mother: "Never forget that dark night" The 34th anniversary of the "June 4th Massacre" of the Chinese Embassy mainly focuses on young people No thunderstorm blocks the younger generation to participate in the June Fourth Parade of New York * Democratic Goddess Statue before Washington held a six -fourth candlelight mourning event ***
Hundreds of people with huge posters and wreaths held the June 4th Memorial Campaign 
In the rally, the leader of the 89th Academic Games, in the rally, pointed out that the June 4th massacre brought people not only physical trauma: "Deeper violence is cultural violence, and they are thorough brainwashing and publicity. ","
Kory Powellmccoy, the representative of Nancy Pelosi, the former Speaker of the US House, came to the event site and read a statement on the 34th anniversary of the June 4th massacre: "In the past thirty years, In China, I am fortunate to speak for the human rights of China and ask the Communist Party of China to bear responsibility. Sadly, the CCP has only accelerated its atrocities: those who dare to speak for different political opinions to implement racial extinction on the Uyghur community, intimidate, and destroy Hong Kong's democracy and freedom of Hong Kong. , Threatening Taiwan's democracy, etc., importantly, Congress has a wide range of consensus between the two parties and two parties, and it is necessary to vigorously expose Beijing's behavior. "
Situation of this event. (Sun Cheng's shooting, exclusive start) Zhao Bingxian, the head of the Gonggong Church of Wuzhou, said in his speech that the facts will not be covered: "The lies of ink can not cover the facts of blood writing. The most brutal, most violent, and most cruel massacre. Therefore, today we have to discuss this butcher regime. "
The people at the scene followed the slogans such as "knocking down the Communist Party", "defeat Xi Jinping", "Long live freedom and democracy".
Situation of this event. (Sun Cheng's shooting, exclusive start) Representatives from all walks of life delivered a speech on the corner of the garden. 
Giovanni, chairman of Bay Area Friends OFTIBET in Bay Area, talked about the suppression of Tibetans by the Chinese authorities in Lhasa in March 1989 and stated that the Chinese Communist Party was scratching in March 1989 and said Except for the identity of Tibetans. He also mentioned the white paper campaign that had happened in China before: "Just a few months ago, the demonstration of the new crown and clear policy against the government in all parts of China broke out. It seems that the Communist Party of China cannot do things in China in China."
Situation of this event. (Sun Cheng's shooting, exclusive start) 
In addition, Wu Jianmin, the leader of Nanjing June 4th Academic Games, Tao Industry, a member of the United Age, and Valetersamson, the June 4th Local Castlers, Liu Jiwei, the founder of the June 4th Shandong June 4th, Xiang Li, Tibet The Youth Conference San Francisco Branch representative Lobsangchodon and others also made speeches in the event.
At the rally, people played the 64 -themed song "Wounds of History" and recited the sacrifice of the 64th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of Tiananmen. At night, people also held electronic candles and white flowers, and held a flower donation ceremony to the Democratic goddess statue on the corner of the garden, and expressed mourning to those who died in June 4th in the somber music sound.
Situation of this event. (Sun Cheng's shooting, exclusive start) Reporter: Sun Cheng Responsible: He Ping.com Editor: Jessi
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/sc-06042023154458.html 
Saying goodbye to the era of "Demolition and Big Construction", China's construction industry is facing low carbon transformation (Free Version) 
Authors: ['夏志坚']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-04T16:03:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:02:99+08:00
Description: Xia Zhijian: The construction industry represented by real estate constitutes 42%of carbon emissions in Chinese society. Nowadays, the era of demolition and construction has become a past. This will undoubtedly have a profound impact on Chinese carbon emissions.
Images: [" 000183249_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '中外对话', '关注']
Keywords: ['中外对话', '房地产', '建筑业', '气候变化', '热泵']
Type: Article
 "We can't do big demolition and construction because of urban renewal." On the afternoon of March 7, the Minister of Housing and Urban -Rural Development said in an interview with reporters this year. A era is coming to an end.
In the 20th year of the 21st century when the real estate economy was singing, the development of almost all cities in China was accompanied by land acquisition, demolition, compensation and reconstruction. It is the most prominent logo in Chinese cities in the past few decades. In 2009, some media proposed the word "disassembly" that could be seen everywhere on the outer wall of the building at the time as the Chinese character this year.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099847 
Economist Lucas: FREE Version, who is away from Washington 
Authors: ['陈稻田']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-04T16:15:22+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:15:99+08:00
Description: Chen Dutian: Loacas has created a new method with the market group of Lakas and invented the random dynamic general equilibrium model. Cairns followers injected realistic significance into this new method and new model.
Images: [" 000183366_pic... "]
Themes: ['经济学', '关注']
Keywords: ['经济学', '宏观经济学', '芝加哥学派']
Type: Article
 Lucas, a winner of the Nobel Prize in Economics and Professor of the University of Chicago on May 15, 2023, was died on May 15, 2023, but his profound impact on macroeconomics will survive. How to evaluate their research?
Revolutionary expected revolution, Philip Culinary criticism and "Lucas Criticism" **
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099851 
The significance of the Taiwan June 4th Evening Party has gradually increased Hong Kong people gathered and mourned 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-04T16:22:00Z
Description: Taipei continued to rain on June 4th, and the 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of Liberty Square attracted nearly a thousand people to participate. Although the scale is not compared to the commemorative crowds of the previous years in Hong Kong Victoria Park, the Chinese government has continued to scare the martial arts. There are still many people from all ages in Taiwan to respond, and Voice of Germany reporters also saw several Hong Kong participants who wiped out tears at the scene.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['谷歌', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '天安门', '香港', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '中国', '雨伞革命', '香港政改']
Id: 65821476
Taipei June 4th Week 34 Week commemorative event scene placed 8964 cloth strips on the ground and put electronic candles on it.
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Hong Kong artist Huang Guo Cai, who moved to Taiwan for two years, appeared on Sunday (June 4), appeared at the 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of Taipei Liberty Plaza. He told DW that he was able to do this is a miracle. Sanmu was arrested in Causeway Bay on June 3rd]](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/六四香港六千警防街頭悼念-多人被帶走/a-65820016)He couldn't help crying.
"I caught any behavior without doing any behavior, more than 30 to 40 policemen. At that time, he said two words:" Don't be afraid of Hong Kong people!Don't forget that tomorrow will be June 4th. "
There are many people who are as sad as he are at the scene. A 50 -year -old Ms. Wu moved to Taiwan for a year, saying that she was the first time to participate in the Taiwan party for the first time, and "I want to miss it."
"Last year is the last time, everyone can't go in, it's a pity." She said that Hong Kong people can only commemorate themselves now Essence She showed DW to show the candlelight generated by her mobile app in Hong Kong last year, with tears and said she hoped that this activity would continue in Taiwan.
Taiwan June 4th 34th Anniversary The theme of commemorative activities is based on the theme of "the expansion of authoritarian expansion to defend democracy to condense the star fire to support freedom", and emphasizes that "care about China's human rights, freedom and democracy is not only the responsibility of the region, but also a part of strengthening Taiwan's democratic defense."
Danish artist Gao Zhihuo's art shame shame pillar replica was placed on the spot, reminding everyone Hong Kong cannot publicize the June 4th incident except for publicity There is no space for artistic creation. The original products displayed in Hong Kong have been seized by the National Security Department in May as evidences for investigating the suspicion of subverting the state power.
The scene of Taiwan's activities has the mourning pavilion to enlighten the people's memorial service and flower offering. There are various human rights issues on the democratic market setting up stalls, and there are many issues in Hong Kong. One of the Hong Kong couples exhibited the works of democratic athletes who served in prison in Hong Kong prison. It is hoped that Taiwanese will pay attention to Hong Kong's still human rights.
The sir of the couple's pseudonym "went to the soup" in 2019 was sued by the Hong Kong authorities for riots. He said that he and his wife at the time just assisted the girls who rescued the streets and helped the other party to escape to the alley. Congress, although he was not convicted in the end, but later felt followed, the couple decided to move to Taiwan.
Different from the early June 4th commemorative activities of Taiwan, only the organizers and a few human rights workers, and the participation of hundreds of people. Since the Hong Kong Victoria Garden June 4th Candlelight Gala cannot be held, Taiwan has been regarded as the Chinese region that can finally publicly mourn publicly publicly. In addition to the increase in Hong Kong people participating in June and Fourth, there are more and more international media interviews.
Taipei June 4th Week commemorative activity site used electronic candles as a symbol of mourning.
Huang Guocai was interviewed by a number of foreign media at the scene. He told DW that Hong Kong and Taiwan seemed to be "identified". In the past, Taiwan had experienced white terror in the authoritarian era. It has been democratized today, but Hong Kong has turned back into Taiwan.
He said: "For Hong Kong people, Taiwan becomes a place of freedom, so that everyone is nostalgic, but to breathe free air, so now Hong Kong and Taiwan become a community of fate of suppressive."
For two years in Taiwan, Huang Guo said that he was surprised at first. The Taiwanese seemed to have no sense of the fate of the Hong Kong people. Even the Beijing launching missiles had passed his head and did not respond. "The first line has been suppressed by the CCP", and Hong Kong people have also understood the essence of the Chinese regime in 2014 and the 2019 CIA.
He believes that Taiwanese people must recognize that the Communist China has changed. No matter what kind of war type, including information and cognitive wars, it is impossible for Taiwanese people to rely on themselves: "The only way out is unity."
Taiwan's political figures 
When the June 4th incident broke out in 1989, Taiwan once resonated with democracy and freedom, and the call of the National Government at that time with "national feelings", which made the people in Taiwan very much concerned about June 4th.
However, with the process of democratization in Taiwan, the Chinese authoritarian government continued, and even after Xi Jinping took office to strengthen the control of Chinese society, cross -strait moved towards different routes of democracy and autocracy. More and more young Taiwanese think they are not Chinese, and therefore do not need to care about "other countries' affairs."
At the beginning of the Taipei Party, Wu Renhua, a June 4th family, delivered a speech. In addition to re -talk about his research on June 4th, the content of the speech also hoped to persuade Taiwanese to continue to care about June 4th. Taiwan respects human rights.
"The June 4th incident was a global incident. Until 34 years later, 33 cities around the world were holding the June 4th Evening Party commemorative event." Wu Renhua is telling Taiwan that paying attention to June 4th can cause countries around the world to project their attention to Taiwan.
Danish artist Gao Zhihuo's artistic shame pillar replica was exhibited in the commemorative event of the 64th week of Taipei.
Zeng Jianyuan, the chairman of the organizer of the organizer of the organizer, said directly: "The regime of suppressing the June 4th is still aimed at his weapons on Taiwan. In the future, the leaders of our country will face such problems."
He believes that regardless of Taiwan's presidential election next year, it will be "the choice of war and peace" or "the choice of democracy and autocracy". Political figures in Taiwan, especially the presidential candidates, should make a statement to the June 4th, saying that this is like a "shiny mirror" like a "demon mirror". Looking at their persistence on constitutional democracy and the determination to protect Taiwan.
Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen posted on Facebook on the day of June 4th, mentioning the "Guizhou Metro Chorus Incident", emphasizing the differences in free creation on both sides of the strait. In the case, there is only enthusiasm and no worry. "
Vice President Lai Qingde, also the presidential candidate of the DPP, was suppressed by the June 4th incident and Hong Kong human rights. China's biggest difference ".
The party presidential candidate Ke Wenzhe and the Kuomintang candidate Hou Youyi also posted on Facebook respectively. The former said: "You can't just confront, but have dialogue; The value of progress that should be pursuing between the two sides of the strait is the actual display of the June 4th to the Republic of China pursue the faith of freedom and democracy. "
There are many young participants in various places 
Another phenomenon at the scene of Taipei is that most of the participants are young people. The 19 -year -old Taiwanese classmate stated that "identifying Taiwan's nativeness does not mean that you do not need to care about June 4th." She believes that the significance of participating in this activity is that everyone gathers together. Entering Taiwan society.
The Chinese -based Chinese student Lu studied at Zhengda University. He actively participated in various human rights movements in the Philippines. He said that he had been arrested by police in the social movement. Opportunity.
"The Philippines is because of the memory of the martial law, and the authority of the authoritative rulers will be in charge of the regime. Taiwanese should also pay attention to freedom that freedom needs to be continuously reminded and continuously defended," he told DW.
Taipei June 4th Week 34 Week commemorative event setting a mourning pavilion, the picture shows the people offending the flowers.
At the scene of the event, there were even 15 -year -old middle school students who came to support. They learned about Chinese issues through YouTube. Classmate Chen said: "We have not been able to speak like China, but we finally launch those movements successfully, but China also launch these movements at the same time, but it is not successful, so I think this is close to us of."
He said that he often encountered "little pink" in playing games. In addition to regarding Taiwan as part of China, he would also use "frogs" and other words. This also caused him to discuss this issue with some classmates. "Back to", they later learned more about the problems facing the Chinese people.
Another classmate said that in the game, there are many "normal people" in the game: "There are many normal people who are normal, not everyone is" small pink ", and they are willing to share, but they are just they "White Paper Movement" is not successful. "
DW also visited a student from Mainland China. The 22 -year -old Zhou classmate studying in Taiwan said: "It is theore to say that there should be activities in many places in the mainland in June 4th, but unfortunately we have no way to participate in the mainland. Since it is in Taiwan, in Taiwan, in Taiwan, in Taiwan. A relatively safe place, I should go to participate even more. "
He from mainland China said that the older mainland people knew June 4th, but some people could not say that some people would say "student riots" from a government perspective, so it is important to continue to pass the truth.
After the implementation of the National Security Law in Hong Kong, Taiwan has become the only place in Chinese society that can mourn June 4th With the addition of increased vocal volume in Hong Kong people, and the concerns of China's authoritarian expansion, can Taiwan become the last fortress to commemorate June 4th? Or, like facing other Chinese issues, the Taiwanese have long been accustomed to it and cannot have a greater response?
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/台灣六四晚會意義漸增-港人聚集悼念/a-65821476?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
There are people in Hong Kong at night to commemorate the June 4th police near Victoria Garden to take away 24 people 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T17:21:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:30:46-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On the night of the 34th anniversary of the 64th, some citizens went to Victoria Garden to hold mourning activities in different forms, and the police took 24 people. Associated Press Picture
According to the Hong Kong "Ming Pao" reported on June 4, on the night of the 34th anniversary of the 64th, some citizens went to the Weiyuan area to hold a mourning event in different forms. The police took 24 people, including Xu Hanguang, member of the former member of the Association.
It is reported that after the night, the police's cloth defense was significantly strengthened, but from time to time, some citizens took candles or wearing "special clothes" to Mourning June 4th, and several citizens went to Victoria Garden to mourn. At nearly 8 o'clock in the evening, the 25 -year -old man named Li held the book "The People will not forget". After passing through the inlet of the Victoria Garden, he showed that he was here to commemorate June 4th, but he was then closed for search. Deng Jianhua, the former vice chairman of the Practitioners of the Black Together in the June 4th report of the "Wen Po", was also intercepted and took on the police car.
The Hong Kong police said on Sunday evening that from noon to 11 pm, the police found that someone was "suspected of destroying social tranquility" in public places in Wan Chai District and North Point District of Hong Kong Island. At about 9.40 pm, the police patrolled a woman in Victoria Park, and found that a woman was suspicious, and then stepped forward. The woman refused to show the identity document to the police officer and made a verbal warning at the scene of the police officer. Then she arrested the 53 -year -old woman named by a 53 -year -old district. In addition, the police also took away 11 men and 12 female citizens who were aged 20 to 74 on the grounds of "suspected damage to social tranquility".
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/11-06042023171820.html 
After the "White Paper Movement", June 4th London Chinese Student Leading Parade 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-04T22:19:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T08:04:30-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Many Chinese students hold flowers and self -made slogans, and silently joined London June 4th rally. Photo by Lu Xi
On the occasion of the 34th anniversary of the 64th, although there was no candlelight in the Victoria Park in Hong Kong, the commemorative activities blossomed all over the world. There were more than 50 parades, exhibitions and rally activities around the world. Among them, the June 4th commemorative event held on Sunday (4th) in London, England, was first launched by Chinese students and led the Hong Kong people, Tibetans and Uighurs to march in London to the Chinese embassy in the British ambassador to the UK. The rally lasted for 34 years of tradition.
A group of non -profit organization "ChinaDeviants" (temporarily translated "Chinese Anti -Thief"), which is composed of a group of students in Britain and China, rally held in the Square Square in London in the afternoon. They showed the giant "pillars of the country" poster, the historical photos of the massacre, plastic tanks and other props, as well as various posters and slogans. In the "imitation" method, they imitated the students in Tiananmen Square that year, and their heads were tied to the cloth strip of "the last generation", "freedom of the press", and "freedom of speech". And repeat the scene of tank cars to students.
Seeing at the scene, many Chinese students held flowers and self -made slogans, and silently joined it. Chinese students are made by oranges to participate in the rally of the slogan "In the history of the history, in the hearts of people, don't let the truth hidden in the dust and smoke", and the font contains the word "64". She told this station that this sentence comes from a TV series in China. She hopes to express it. As long as there have been similar commemorative activities, June 4th will stay in the history book and people's hearts; Pass.
Orange said that the organization of the rally was spontaneously established by Chinese students after the "white paper movement", representing the voice of Chinese students. She believes that the platform can gather in British Hong Kong people, Xinjiang people and Tibetans to carry out collective memory activities, which is of great significance. She also expresses the courage of Chinese students who host activities, and quickly coordinating the organizational ability of different units to express their appreciation.
As a Chinese student, although she still has security concerns about participating in the June 4th commemorative activities in Britain, she still feels that she needs to participate.
Chinese student M said that although she had some awareness of June 4th, she had not seen Chinese students standing up to hold a mourning activity. Now that the Chinese students are finally waiting for the June 4th commemorative activities, she feels that she needs to participate, and at the same time, she expresses comprehensive dissatisfaction with incidents such as epidemic prevention policies, "iron chain girls" incidents, and Dr. Li Wenliang's death in the past two years.
Hong Kong people Billy said that the first time Chinese students came out to host the June 4th Memorial Campaign, which was of great significance. He believes that the June 4th commemorative event should have been done by the Chinese, but in the past, Hong Kong people should be done. Billy was relieved to take the connection of Chinese students to commemorate June 4th and believe that there are still many people with conscience in mainland China, emphasizing that as long as they are awakened Chinese, he will support it.
In Hong Kong, Victoria Park not only has no mourning candlelight, but also has been seized by the Beijing community to host the "Carnival". At least 23 people were taken away by the Hong Kong police, saying that they were suspected of "destroying social tranquility".
Ye Qiyuan, executive director of the "29 Principles" of the Legal Organization of Overseas Hong Kong people who participated in the rally in London, told this station that Hong Kong was originally a very free place. However, since 2019, it has been like China. Both are prevented. She believes that overseas Hong Kong people and Chinese people should continue to speak, asking the Chinese government to be responsible for evil deeds, and support political prisoners who are still trapped.
Chinese students later led a team to the Chinese Embassy in the UK and joined the evening party organized by the International Amnesty Organization. The rally holders the slogan and electronic candle to mourn the dead of June 4th, and support the former vice chairman of the former Hong Kong Branch Federation of the Hong Kong Federation of Hong Kong in prison. About 400 people participated in the rally at the peak.
Reporter Lu Xi London reported blame Chen Meihua
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/al-06042023221611.html 
The West accused China of the implementation of danger to intercept the China Defense Minister in the "FREE Version" 
Authors: ['席佳琳', '迪米']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-04T23:40:02+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T19:19:99+08:00
Description: After the Sino -US warship almost collided in the Taiwan Strait, the Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu criticized the United States to pursue "sailing hegemony" at the Shangri -La dialogue.
Images: [" 000183333_pic... "]
Themes: ['中美关系', '关注']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '中国人民解放军', '中国军事', '台湾', '南中国海', '高端专享']
Type: Article
 China warned the Western army that if they want to avoid dangerous guns with the PLA, they should not enter the waters and airspace near the Chinese border. This highlights that with the intensification of geopolitical competition, the risk of accidental conflicts is increasing.
Before the Chinese Minister of Defense Li Shangfu sent these tough information shortly, a Chinese warship almost collided with an American destroyer last Saturday. At that time, the U.S. warship was crossing the Taiwan Strait with a Canadian warship, and the Chinese warship passed by the US warship.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099854 
Ecuades and rainfall into the disaster River flooding authorities have evacuated more than 500 people 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T-10:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Ecuadorla Das, 4th) Ecuador President Guillermo Lasso said that after the heavy rain in the north caused flooding, the authorities evacuated more than 500 people today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 La Su also said that there were no people who died or disappeared at present.
According to the images released by the Ministry of Defense of Ecuador, dozens of residents climbed up the roof or a home balcony to avoid rising floods.
La Shu said that the heavy rain did not stop for 12 hours, causing 6 rivers to flood.
He wrote on Twitter: "The priority is to save their lives and let us protect them!We have saved 500 people, and (rescue) work continues."
Admiral Esmeraldas, adjacent to Colombia, was affected by the flood disaster and about 16 people lost their homes.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E5%8E%84%E7%93%9C%E5%A4%9A%E8%B1%AA%E9%9B%A8%E6%88%90%E7%81%BE%E6%B2%B3%E5%B7%9D%E6%B3%9B%E6%BB%A5-%E5%BD%93%E5%B1%80%E6%92%A4%E7%A6%BB%E9%80%BE500%E4%BA%BA 
Hong Kong stocks closing high 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T-15:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T08:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 5th) Hong Kong stocks have recruited again with the rise of the stock markets of various countries today, mainly due to investors may not have hopes for the US Federal Preparatory Council (FED) next week.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Hang Seng Index rose 158.56 points or 0.84%to close at 19108.50 points.
The Shanghai Comprehensive stock price index rose by 2.37 points or 0.07%to close at 3232.44 points; the Shenzhen Comprehensive stock price index fell 1.92 points, or 0.09%, closed at 2033.70 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230605-%E6%B8%AF%E8%82%A1%E6%94%B6%E9%AB%98 
U.S. stock rebound and encouragement of the Nikkei index hit a new high of 30 years 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T-22:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T07:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo 5) Wall Street stock market benefits US employment data strong and rebounded. The Tokyo stock market has been inspired by US stocks.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Japanese stock base 225 index closed up 693.21 points, or 2.20%, to 32217.43 points. The Dongzhi stock price index closed up 37.09 points, or 1.70%, and came to 2219.79 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230605-%E5%8F%97%E7%BE%8E%E8%82%A1%E5%8F%8D%E5%BC%B9%E9%BC%93%E8%88%9E-%E6%97%A5%E7%BB%8F%E6%8C%87%E6%95%B0%E5%86%8D%E5%88%9B30%E5%B9%B4%E6%96%B0%E9%AB%98 
The Heat End Confront Gold Block Champion Championship equalizes the battle situation 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T-27:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T05:35:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Denver, 4th) I scored 23 points at Gabe Vincent today. Jimmy Butler and Bam Adebayo were led by 21 points. The Heat succeeded in the last quarter. Anti -fluttering, 111 to 108 reversed the gold block, and equalized the battle 1 to 1 in the NBA championship.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The US professional basket NBA Miami Heat lost the first game in the championship.
Ranking ranked 8th in the Eastern District, and after losing the Atlanta Eagle, the playoffs were defeated by the Chicago Bulls, and they were thrilling to enter the playoffs as the 8th seed.
In the first round of the playoffs, the Heat burst into the goal, and the record record of the Routes ranked first in the League of Milwari, which kicked off the "Old Eighth Legend", and then defeated the Nicnic and Boston plugs in New York. Erdik became the second old 8 team in history after Nicnick, New York in 1999.
Tyler Herro and the best 6th person on the team Victor Oladipo on the team's 2nd score point on the team, and became the throne of the Heat in the championship due to injuries, and also made them defeat in the first game.
After returning to a city today, the Heat and Gold Block played a 1-1 draw in the 7th game and 4 wins and 4 wins championships. Next, it will play the third game in the Heat's home game on the 8th of Taiwan time.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230605-%E7%83%AD%E7%81%AB%E6%9C%AB%E8%8A%82%E9%80%86%E8%BD%AC%E9%87%91%E5%9D%97-%E6%80%BB%E5%86%A0%E5%86%9B%E8%B5%9B%E6%89%B3%E5%B9%B3%E6%88%98%E5%B1%80 
Although the United States and China have disagreed to send the capital to participate in the Indonesian Navy joint exercise 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T-5:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T10:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France-Presse Jakarta, 5th) Although there are differences in the United States and China, they have sent warships to participate in the "Komodo-20123" multi-countries joint exercise (2023 Multilateral ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Washington and Beijing have competed fiercely in the fields of diplomacy, military, science and technology, and economy. The U.S. military has strengthened its APIS to fight against the increasingly strong China. China has recently held several rounds of military exercises around Taiwan.
A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta yesterday told AFP that the U.S. Navy has sent a coastal battleship to participate.
The spokesman also said that the exercise will "resolve common challenges with like -like countries, allies, and partners", such as humanitarian rescue and disaster response.
The Chinese Ministry of Defense also stated last week that at the invitation of the Indonesian Navy, a destroyer and a frigate would be sent to the exercise.
According to the list of AFP, Australia and Russia also plans to send warships to participate.
Indonesian officials said that 17 foreign warships will participate in this time, and the exercise will focus on "non -military operations" with major allies.
A spokesman for the Indonesian Navy said through a statement: "Mnek is a kind of non -war training that gives priority to maritime cooperation in the region."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E7%BE%8E%E4%B8%AD%E8%99%BD%E5%AD%98%E6%AD%A7%E8%A7%81-%E9%83%BD%E6%B4%BE%E8%88%B0%E5%8F%82%E5%8A%A0%E5%8D%B0%E5%B0%BC%E5%A4%9A%E5%9B%BD%E6%B5%B7%E5%86%9B%E8%81%94%E5%90%88%E6%BC%94%E4%B9%A0 
Ignore the negative person to pour the cold water and continue to play the old eight legends 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T-8:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:35:04+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Denver, 5th) Faced with the negative ridicule of the negative, the Heat eliminates external noise with its strength. They have become the "anti -noise" master and are determined to become the first No. 8 seed team to win the NBA championship.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Heat forward Jimmybutler said this is the perfect result of the Heat in the difficult and injured season. In this season, strong will lead the team to experience the changes, continuous defeats, and playoffs of the team, and finally defeated the top seed Gonglu and the second seed Celtic team in the East District.
The Heat defeated the number of seed gold block teams in the Western District last night. At present, the two sides played a 1-1 draw in the championship series. In this game, the star star Nikolajokic scored 41 points. The Heat still won with a strong strength, causing the Golden Bag team to swallow the first home playoffs in the first playoffs. And the fourth battle.
When Batler talked about the key to the toughness of the Heat, "We don't care how anyone thinks."
"Overall, we focus on what we are good at and our identity as a team. This is what we depend."
"Whether the shooting or failure, we will do ourselves, because we don't care about anyone else. This is the whole year, and the future will not change."
"So this is my idea. I think this is the factor that" I don't care at all "."
The center Bam Adebayo added: "For us, there is noise to hear noise throughout the playoffs. The most important thing is that we have will and faith and have been looking for the way to win."
The hot and bad shooting rate is destined to lose the first battle. When the Golden Block team got rid of the slow start in the second game last night, and scored a 15-point lead in the second quarter, the Heat seemed to fall behind 0-2. The Golden Block team led 8 points in the third quarter, but the Heat found the way out again. "I don't think there are any secrets", "we just move the ball, pass the ball to the vacant players, and play some simple basketball." "We shot. This is the essence of this alliance. This is the essence of the basketball game. This is a game where you go to or not entered or not entered." they do not".
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230605-%E6%97%A0%E8%A7%86%E5%90%A6%E5%AE%9A%E8%80%85%E6%B5%87%E5%86%B7%E6%B0%B4-%E7%83%AD%E7%81%AB%E7%BB%AD%E6%BC%94%E8%80%81%E5%85%AB%E4%BC%A0%E5%A5%87 
Asian stocks rise 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T0:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 5th.) The latest employment data announced by the United States last week will suspend interest on interest rate hikes this month. The Asian stock market continues the global stock market today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The latest employment data in the United States, as well as the Congress finally passed the debt limit bill, to avoid US debts from falling into breach of contract. In addition, the latest media reports show that China ’s intention to renew the real estate will boost the market psychology.
On the 2nd, the United States announced the addition of 330,900 new employment last month, which was significantly beyond expectations. It shows that although the Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for more than a year, the labor market is still strong and the Wall Street stock market has soared.
However, the employment report also shows that the salary has only risen mildly, which causes less pressure on inflation.
Analysts pointed out that the number of "appropriate" means that the economy has not faced the risk of immediate recession, and it is expected that the Fed will provide a space for the Federal Statistics to follow the soldiers.
The National Australia Bank analyst Rodrigocatril pointed out: "The U.S. debt limit bill passes, and the just employment data is still conducive to the suspension of interest rates in June. China may consider further further further. The real estate industry that is in trouble extended a helping hand to raise market risk emotions. "
Market return confidence also caused the volatility index (VIX), known as the panic index (VIX), once fell below 15, and returned to the level before the outbreak of the epidemic outbreak of the COVID-19 (2019 coronary virus disease).
Most of the Asian stock market closed today, and the Japanese stocks 225 index closed 2.2%to 32217.43 points, hitting another 30 years of high. Hong Kong stocks continued to rise by 4%on the 2nd today, and the Hang Seng Index closed up 0.8%to 19108.50 points. The closing of the Shanghai Comprehensive Index rose slightly by 0.1%to 3232.44 points.
As for other Asian stocks, Sydney, Singapore, Seoul, Manila and Jakarta have all closed up.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230605-%E4%BA%9A%E8%82%A1%E6%94%B6%E6%B6%A8 
Focus on World Public Opinion: Why do n’t China and the United States Defense Do not meet; European and American companies come to China 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T00:05:42+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T20:05:99+08:00
Description: Cao Xin: The Defense Society did not meet, but European and American companies gathered in China. This reflects the reality of Sino -US relations: confront each other, and no one can overwhelm anyone for the time being; but bilateral relations are in a sensitive and dangerous situation.
Images: [" 000133622_pic... "]
Themes: ['中美关系', '关注']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '马斯克', '中国外交', '香格里拉对话会']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Last week, China became one of the focus of international public opinion.
First, although the Minister of Defense between China and the United States went to Singapore to participate in the Shangri -La dialogue, they were the most powerful defense director of the world's most powerful countries. , But European and American companies gathered in China last week.
The above phenomenon reflects the reality of the relationship between China and the United States today, namely: confront each other, and no one can overwhelm anyone for the time being; but bilateral relations are in a sensitive and dangerous situation.
Sino -US cognition is too far away 
The National Defense Minister of China and the United States did not meet at the Shangri -La dialogue. The fundamental reason is that the two countries have far awareness of major issues, and they are not even on a track at all. question. This is inevitable to worry about the world's first and second largest powers, and even for the world.
The public reasons for the Chinese Defense Minister to refuse to meet with the US Defense Secretary is that the Minister of Defense of China is still in a state of sanctions by the United States, although the sanctions were implemented in the Trump era.
According to China, a conversation with the United States Minister of Defense in the context of its national defense minister was sanctioned. It is essentially the sanction of the US Minister of Defense against the Chinese Defense Minister by default, and it can even be understood as a call by the United States. This is absolutely unacceptable in the context of Chinese political culture. This is the so -called "distinguishing between the enemy and the love and hate."
Professor Shen Dingli, a professor in Shanghai Fudan University, said: China does not want to meet with American officials when they think they have lost dignity. "We must meet on the basis of mutual respect." Seek to compromise. "
The Chinese government believes that sanctioning Chinese officials has improving the improvement of relations between the two countries. Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Mao Ning said that Washington should terminate the sanctions against Li Shufu in order to "create the necessary atmosphere and conditions for the communication between the Sino -US military." She reiterated China's position on Tuesday that if Washington wants to restore the dialogue between the two armies, she should "immediately correct the wrong practice."
Therefore, the Chinese Defense Minister does not meet with the US defense ministers, indicating that it is a principle attitude, and its essence is the issue of dignity.
The US views are different. The United States believes that it is not impossible to meet and communicate by sanctions.
Bonnieglaser, Director of the Asian Project in the Marshall Foundation in the United States, said: "No dialogue brings unacceptable risks to both parties", including the risk of "conflict on the Taiwan issue".
The United States even believes: "China often considers its senior leaders as a reward for obedience, rather than creating a tool for stable or solving differences." Tang Anzhu, who once served as an official in China in the United States, understood this. The actual expression of China this time is: "If you want to arrange a meeting, you must accept the conditions of China."
Therefore, US Secretary of Defense Austin said at the Shangri -La dialogue on June 3: "It is essential to maintain communication with China, especially between our national defense and military leaders." "Dialogue is not a reward. This is necessary. of".
In addition to the above -mentioned positions, the purpose to be achieved in propaganda is of course to push all possible responsibilities to China. Not only are the US government people, but American media are also promoting.
Therefore, Sino -US relations have entered the dead Hu Tong. At the same time, the Shangri -La dialogue will never become a platform for Sino -US improvement relations. There is only one effective way to adjust the relationship between the relationship between China and the United States in the future, that is, the first diplomacy of China and the United States, in addition, there is no way.
Difficult to leave China by multinational companies **
At the same time, a group of well -known entrepreneurs of a group of world multinational companies gathered in China last week and received by high -level Chinese high -level Chinese, including the CEO of the British Increasing Company of the Global Integrated Circuit, the CEO of the British Incorcer, the CEO of the British Incorceous CEO Rene Has, Tesla Elon Musk, Starbucks's Laxman Nalansi, and Jamie Dimon of JP Morgan Chase. The international media said that these entrepreneurs were invited by the Chinese government. However, in the context of the Sino -US game today, these entrepreneurs can call it, which shows that these multinational companies attach great importance to the Chinese market.
Musk's reception in China is the most solemn. International media commented: In just two days this week, Musk's number of meetings with high -level Chinese high -level Chinese officials has been more than a few months older than Biden government officials. He not only met three Chinese ministers and Chen Jining, secretary of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee. According to Reuters, he was even received by the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
According to reports, last Tuesday, Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang and Musk met the Chinese government's point of view during the meeting, that is, the "health, stability, and constructive" Sino -US relations are beneficial to the two countries and the world. The two countries need to know when to "step on the brakes" to avoid "dangerous driving" and when to "step on the accelerator", suggesting that they should "step on the brakes" to stop the danger and "step on the accelerator" development cooperation.
In response, Musk said that the two countries were "intertwined" and Tesla opposed the "decoupling and breaking (supply) chain". This is consistent with the stance that Western countries attempts to reduce their dependence on China's industry.
The international media quoted analysts: Even if Beijing really wants Musk as a special envoy, he is not suitable for this heavy responsibility. The reason is said that Musk is a "controversial political" character, and it may be difficult to convince Biden government.
But this statement is probably bad. Red capitalists provide consultation with the country, and the Soviet -Russian Russia in Lenin Times. The more powerful the blockade, the greater the value of these people.
The international media also quoted Han Lei, the Chinese Affairs Director of the National Security Council in the Bush administration and the Chinese government of the Obama government and the Obama government: "When China talks about seeking stable relationships, it is often more stressful to reduce the United States' strategic pressure on China." Want to stop the US sanctions and cancel export control. "
Shen Dingli of Fudan University commented: "What we want to discuss is how to export to the United States without harming US national security and how the United States enters the Chinese market without respecting China."
Western analysts told the international media: Although China is still a market that the heads of American companies cannot ignore, they have limited ability to alleviate geopolitical friction. For U.S. policy makers, the security concerns of China's tough military position and the dominant position of the manufacturing supply chain are better than commercial considerations.
The author believes that as long as China does not block the domestic market, China ’s attractiveness to multinational companies is beyond doubt, and the more such multinational companies, the greater the balance of the above -mentioned policy makers.
_ (Note: The author is a policy researcher. This article only represents the author's personal point of view.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099853 
Talk to the princess: I want to present contemporary art clear and clean 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T00:09:18+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T20:09:99+08:00
Description: Talking to the director of the gallery Zhou and Beijing, a tension between the "publicity" and "business" of the "publicity" and "business" of the art platform that is based on the 798.
Images: [" 000183338_pic... ", " 000183339_pic... ", " 000183340_pic... ", " 000183341_pic... ", " 000183342_pic... ", " 000183343_pic... ", " 000183344_pic... ", " 000183345_pic... ", " 000183355_pic... ", " 000183350_pic... ", " 000183347_pic... ", " 000183348_pic... "]
Themes: ['艺术', '关注']
Keywords: ['艺术', '人物', '艺术展', '美术馆', '798']
Type: Article
Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
"Many concepts related to art are too vague and confused today, because there are many power that affects art. I have been thinking about to what extent can I compromise." It is a kind of persistence.
During the dialogue, she and her team were busy in doing things for the year.
At the end of May, the atmosphere was still a bit lazy in the Beijing 798 Art Park. The sun has not become too burning yet. On those straight roads and various strange alleys around them, tourists are gathered or gathered in high and low factory buildings, buildings, sculptures, and different appearances. Between shops. The landscape in front of me is both dazzling and disorderly, but also presents a sense of vividness that echo each other.
The color identification of the seventh "Gallery WeekendBeijing" is one of the few visual symbols for uniform and eye -catching. The large and small publicity posters everywhere seem to be issued to the people here, asking them to pay attention to the real protagonist in this park.
Even today, with the significant trend of art decentralization, it can still be called the "home" of contemporary Chinese art. More than 20 years ago, the artist and gallery began to settle in 798, and here are further shaping the form of Chinese contemporary art. The old industrial factory area, which was once located on the edge, has gradually developed into a contemporary art landmark of Chinese and foreign attention.
Turn around, and it is not difficult to feel the unique energy field born due to art. In the perspective of the Grand Director of the Euns Art Center, in 798, you can not only see various art exhibitions presented, but also experience "improvisation" related to art: restaurants, bars or streets here The corner may meet the acquaintances of the art circle inadvertently.
As the director of the gallery Zhou and Beijing, Wang Yifei has worked for the 798 art activity for 6 years. Unlike the exhibition plan of the gallery single -fighting style, the original intention of the gallery Zhou and Beijing is to amplify the vocalization of the local gallery under the unified evaluation standards and organizational system. At the same time, it is different from the exhibition experience in the huge convention center. The gallery will invite more art lovers in the city to 798 to interact with the more real artistic ecology.
According to Wang Yifei's words, she hopes that the gallery Zhou Beijing can help the ecology of art form a certain "joint force": "The gallery week is not a single gallery, but a polymerization platform, which is showing the artistic ecology of the entire city. "
 (Gallery Zhou Beijing public unit works: "White Box", 2023, sculpture device, artist: Wang Guangle)
However, at the moment, the 798th park is facing its own "critical moment", and the problems presented are also reflecting some tensions in the contemporary art ecology.
In recent years, as the rent of the park has risen, artists and art institutions have continued to leave 798, and the commercial stores, tourists and various management issues that settled in, and the sound of anxiety continued to sound: the artistic atmosphere of 798 is flowing. There are fewer and fewer art people. The once pure and pioneering art gathering place is gradually drifting away from his golden age, and gradually becomes a background board that satisfies the masses' shooting.
At the same time, the gallery is still struggling with the hard business environment. After a long epidemic, although life began to gradually recover vitality from stagnation, how to find the eagerness and anxiety of survival in the market is almost full of industry. For galleries, this urgency is reflected in a more conservative choice for artists and works, as well as more straightforward catering to collectors. Although it is understandable, this trend is also shaping a more distinctive circle. It is like a subtle wall, which isolate the art circle and a wider world.
"Closure" is also derived from even more unspeakable reasons. Contemporary art originally originated from the "exhaustion of the words", but the hard -cold and cold and self -permeable art exhibitions undoubtedly represent the intangible threshold. For a broader group of audiences, before identifying and appreciating the problems and emotions interpreted by art works, they may be stepped on because of fatigue and even the wisdom level.
This is like a deadlock between temples and fireworks. Although art can not reduce the bottom line infinitely because of the relocation of the public, but the observation and absence of each other will not affect the art itself. Just as the ivory tower is built on the plain, the tower body is getting higher and higher, although it represents the advancement of skills and realm, but it also means that the life of the ground is getting farther and farther. The understanding and reflection of the person.
 (His gallery Zhou Beijing public unit works: "Ren Dou", 2023, sculpture installation, artist: Zhang Yongbei)
When the "publicity", "artistic" and "business" of art have a tight tension. What can a local art platform do? For the gallery Zhou, Beijing and 798, this problem has a deeper metaphor: how to face the tide, high towers and fences of contemporary art of Chinese contemporary art?
Maybe it is difficult to find an immediate answer, but we still throw various questions to the princess. Wang Yifei also responded to her thinking. In her opinion, on the road of re -searching the anchor point, constantly exploring and understanding the essence of art is the starting point of all actions.
_ _ ： ： 妃: _
FT Chinese website: In the past two days, I walked in 798. The atmosphere of the gallery week is very strong, and many important characters in the art circle have also come. After several years of development, this activity is being accepted by more people, and it is also showing their own weight. 
Wang Yifei: Gallery Week Beijing has been held for 7 years. Especially in the past three years, many activities have been stopped. It may be the reason for luck. We have stopped running in a year.
In fact, gallery Zhou has been facing many doubts, but the voice of questioning can also urge us to improve. I am a person who likes to do things silently. This year's gallery opens as scheduled. I am very pleased. Everyone can know what we usually work in silence.
 (Works: "Boxer Mozer Mozart" (partial), artist: Li Nu, device, A26 space)![] [] (Gallery Zhou Beijing main unit non -profit institution exhibition: "Who is he? -He Geng Jianyi's Works Review Exhibition", UCCA Ullens Contemporary Art Center) Wang Yifei: I am learning art history, and I will respect more art. But doing a large -scale event, there are very many factors that need to be considered. Sometimes doing it, you may forget your original intention.
Those who work in the art industry always face many compromises. So what is compromised? Where is the bottom line of compromise? What you said may be here.
For me, the bottom line is "what should the art ecology should be?" And "What is the contemporary art?".
What is contemporary art? There is no conclusion to this day, and the concept is always overthrown. For the director of the art museum, the curator, and the art practitioners, they can clearly identify contemporary art, but it is difficult for contemporary art to spread to a wider range. One of the reasons is that contemporary art itself is very abstract, and another reason is that many of the power that affects art is too powerful.
Today, many people who devote themselves to the art circle not only do not make money, but also continue to invest. Funding is very difficult. But can you compromise for funds? "For me, what I can't compromise is: In order to let this matter survive, I will bring things in not contemporary art. I hope to present the work of people who really promote contemporary art, which is refreshing and refreshing. , Clean.
FT Chinese website: Does this presentation include establishing two -way communication and understanding between galleries and public? 
Wang Yifei: I think the focus is not the need for galleries, but the public's needs for art. The most critical factor affecting the survival and development of galleries is collectors and art galleries; but the public who really needs to pay attention to art exhibitions. This is a very important underlying logic that cannot be confused. In terms of content, we are not catering to the public.
FT Chinese website: So because of this positioning, you need to repeatedly consider the "sense of distance" and "scent" of art? 
Wang Yifei: I feel questioning all the fast and lost thinking ability. I don't think it can be a long -term continuous health method. I usually watch Douyin and love to watch Internet celebrities, but I know it is entertainment, and I will be alert to whether to invest too much time.
Sometimes we are restricted by our ourselves, thinking that we have learned about the world. But in fact, the channels of the world have narrowed, and the level of consciousness is getting more and more closed. The content we get is what others think you want. But the role of art is to continuously challenge and break the cognition of solidification. It can show that people are rich and there are many possibilities.
 (Works: "Loft Work Measure" (left), "Gallery Studio", artist: Zhu Jinshi, cloth oil painting, 2022, contemporary Tang art center) (Works: "The Threesister style", 2020, artist: Hans OP De Beeck, Sculpture, Evergreen Gallery)
FT Chinese website: What do you think of the "circle" and "threshold" in the field of art? 
Wang Yifei: In fact, in the past two years, there are still a lot of new faces in the art circle. The so -called "threshold" is because contemporary art, as an industry, does not have a long history in China, and the development time will have a threshold. In Western contemporary art, as the industry has developed for more than 100 years, the public will know and be familiar with art museums and galleries. And art is very expensive, so (in China) the public naturally feel that contemporary art is far away, and it is not necessary to feel the necessity of contemporary art.
But I think this is exactly the potential. More and more people are willing to understand art. Maybe they originally wanted to hang a painting at home, and then gradually became out of interested in art.
FT Chinese website: In addition to calling on the public to approach art, does contemporary art also need to find more ways to actively "approach the public"? If artists or art agencies are closed in an ivory tower for professionalism and purity, will they also limit their ability to understand and deal with the times? It will affect creation and expression. In the original intention of the establishment of Gallery Week, it seems that this can be seen for the shaping of two -way path. 
Wang Yifei: The idea makes sense, let everyone observe what the "opposite" is in their respective fields. "Opposite" outside the gallery also has something worth observing and thinking.
However, things are prioritized. It is not to say that the gallery cannot care about the public, but because the gallery is a commercial institution. You must put the operation first and need to survive. For galleries, the primary work is how to connect with the artist and how to promote the artist to the right collectors and institutions. Now that these problems can be solved in the industry, everyone is doing their best.
The priority of the first -level market is collectors and artists, and the public and public platforms that can take care of the public. For Gallery Week, our platform has both galleries and art museums. The purpose is to allow everyone to find their own sense of presence and have their own gains.
 (Exhibition: "Hu Wei, Bait", artist: Hu Wei, Macalline Art Center) (Exhibition: November (November), artist: nicholas Stewens, Villiam Miklosandersen, space: Simulacra to do it))
FT Chinese website: Visit several galleries of 798, can feel the anxiety of the gallery owners, and they are also anxiously looking forward to seeing the market feedback as soon as possible. How to evaluate the gallery's situation today? 
Wang Yifei: The people who are a gallery in China today are all of my respectable people. Their energy and money they invest may have been able to gain a lot in other industries. It takes some axis to run a gallery.
Speaking of anxiety, the gallery owners of the world are now trying to find ways to find the way. After walking the epidemic, many economic and commercial influences are slowly emerging.
FT Chinese website: This year's Hong Kong Basel, the sales situation still looks good. 
Wang Yifei: But some changes in the structure of the art market. The market will tend to choose more secure choices, and the cultivation part is becoming more and more difficult.
If I am a collector, I may make a different choice with everyone at this time. Because if you look at it for a long time, if you are always driven by fear, judgment will have deviations.****
FT Chinese website: You have experience in operating gallery and experience as collectors. Now as an organizer of a public platform, what is the value system that supports contemporary art?
Wang Yifei: This is a difficult problem. The most fundamental is the creation of artists.
Behind the price of art works is value. Where is the innovation of the artist's work? How does his work affect the times? What is its position in history?
Sometimes the market will have a short -term impact. For example, because of some interests of collectors and capital, it may cause a brief deviation between the prices and values of art, but the ending is still an artist who insists on.
FT Chinese website: What is the part of art touched you? 
Wang Yifei: sincerity. True, goodness and beauty may be very vulgar, but it is exactly the most rare thing now.
What can feel from the heart is getting less and less. Many factors now affect the creation of artists, but if the artist can still insist on expressing the expression he thinks, choosing a different way, this is the place that can move me the most.
 (Work: "Generation System" (partial) 2023, artist: Yang Jian, device, blank space)![] (Gallery Week Beijing Public Unit Works: 1FOR The MONEY/2 for The Show/3 To Get Ready & 4 Togo(1991/2008), Artist: Lawrence Weiner, © Lawrence weiner. Photography: yang hao)
FT Chinese website: When you enter the industry, it was in 2008, which was a trough of a economic cycle. Nowadays, Chinese contemporary art is in a low tide. What do you think of the prospects of contemporary art? 
Wang Yifei: will always find the method of responding. It is normal for an industry to experience the peak and trough. Look at it in the long run. How do you seize the opportunity when you are in the trough? If the industry returns to its peak after a few years, then what should I think about now?
The economic cycle is more impact on the industry. For artists, it may become difficult to survive, but creation will continue. Sometimes the environment is not good, and what artists want to express will be more urgent.
FT Chinese website: Gallery Zhou Beijing has gone through 7 years, what value did you settle? 
Wang Yifei: I want to give it to others to evaluate this question. My own point of view may be subjective.
(Edit mailbox: zhen.zhu@ftchinese.com) 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099850 
LEX column: Baili Yingbo's stock price will eventually rebound (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Lex专栏']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T00:09:55+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T20:55:99+08:00
Description: The storm caused by this beer brewer to ask for advertising across gender has seriously affected the sales of Budweiser's beer, but fundamental factors means that investors should not sell the stock now.
Images: [" 000183157_pic... "]
Themes: ['FT商学院', '关注']
Keywords: ['食品与饮料', '啤酒与烈酒', '高端专享', 'FT商学院']
Type: Article
 Summer is the peak season for beer in the United States. Frozen beer traditionally accompanied by warm weather and barbecue. From May to August, the four -month beer sales accounted for 35%to 40%of the total sales of the year.
There is no beer brewing to make a glass of celebration now. American Conservative Party Baili(Bveloleures)Belgium behind Belgium Corporation Belle British Bo(Anheuser-Busch InBev)Angry. They opposed the company in advertising marketing activities to invite a transgender net red endorsement Budweiser Beer(Bud Light)。
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099836 
Ukrainian President Zerrenki said that it is ready for counterattack 
Author: James Marson / Emma Tucker
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T00:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T00:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-04T23:06:00.000Z
Description: Ukrainian President Zelei said that he is now ready to launch a long -awaited counterattack. Although Zelei is expected to be successful, it warned that it might take some time and pay a heavy price.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Ukrainian President Zelei(VolodymyrZelensky)He said that he is now ready to launch a long -awaited counterattack. Although Zelei is expected to be successful, it warned that it might take some time and pay a heavy price.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E6%80%BB%E7%BB%9F%E6%B3%BD%E8%BF%9E%E6%96%AF%E5%9F%BA%E7%A7%B0%E5%B7%B2%E5%87%86%E5%A4%87%E5%A5%BD%E8%BF%9B%E8%A1%8C%E5%8F%8D%E6%94%BB-35b10870 
China's proportion in imports in the United States continues to decline 
Authors: ['Lin', '李若瑟']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T00:23:37+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T20:20:99+08:00
Description: The return index shows that as Western companies move their business to China, China ’s low -cost imports in Asia in the United States will fall to less than half this year.
Images: [" 000183335_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['脱钩', '中美关系', '贸易', '中国经济', '中美贸易战', '供应链', '制造业']
Type: Article
 The latest data shows that as Western companies move their business to China, China ’s low -cost imports in the United States will soon fall to less than half of the low -cost imports, which will be the first time in more than 10 years.
According to Chicago Management Consulting Company Coleni(Kearney)The preparation of the annual return index, the United States' efforts to reduce dependence on China, coupled with the sensitivity to the price of American buyers, is promoting the exchange of trade with a lower cost of trade.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099855 
Indonesia proposes the Ukraine Peace Program 
Authors: ['梅塞德丝•吕尔', '席佳琳']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T01:09:56+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T21:09:99+08:00
Description: The "local ceasefire" peace plan proposed by the Minister of Defense of Indonesia has caused Western criticism, but it has been praised by China, highlighting the deep differences in the conflict of the West and the global south of the world.
Images: [" 000183334_pic... "]
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '印度尼西亚', '地缘政治']
Type: Article
 The Minister of Defense in Indonesia proposed a Ukrainian peace plan that caused violent criticism from Western security officials, but was praised by China, highlighting the deep differences in the Western and Southern Global in the Ukraine in Russia.
Last Saturday, Plabovo Soto Anto(Prabowo Subianto)The annual defense meeting in Singapore, Shangri -La dialogue(Shangri-La Dialogue)Speaking above, it was proposed to stop fire between Russia and Ukraine, and then established a non -military zone between the current front lines.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099858 
The Chinese stock market has fallen, and investors are pessimistic about the prospects of economic recovery 
Creator: VIVEK SHANKAR
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-05T01:22:23+08:00
Description: The Chinese stock market shock has fallen, reflecting that the feasibility of China ’s economic recovery after the new crowns is becoming increasingly optimistic. Economists have lowered their expectations for growth. Xi Jinping's recent suppression of foreign companies has also harmed investors' confidence. Jade Gao/Age France-Presse-Getty Images, as the Chinese factory with the target of the economic direction, show data.
Images: [" 00china-stock... "]
Category: 商业与经济
Type: Article
 There is no need to consider such a bet. After nearly three years of popular blockade, China has reopened, and investors expect that the world's second largest economy will recover quickly. The Chinese stock market will soar.
But this bet has failed. This week, Chinese stocks traded in Hong Kong have entered a bear market briefly, down more than 20%from January high. The mainland stock market is also falling this year.
For a long time, China has been the driving force for global economic growth, but the decline in the stock market reflects that people's feasibility of China's recovery after the new crown is becoming increasingly optimistic. Although the geopolitical situation between China and the United States continues to be tight, the two countries still have inextricable connections in economics and business.
Teng Yan, an analyst at CMC Markets, New Zealand, said: "All signals from China show that the economic rebound has stumbled and difficult."
Beijing is dealing with consumer expenditures below expected, slowing house sales Unpredictable with manufacturing. Weakened currency Make the problem more complicated. It is not yet sure what actions of the Chinese government may take -if so -to support growth.
Last year, China has implemented blockade measures for many times due to the new crown epidemic, which has caused a heavy blow to the economy. The economic growth is 3%, which is the slowest growth rate in decades One is far lower than Beijing's own goals and the growth rate of 2021.
The real estate industry has always been the root cause of the pain of stock investors. Developers have bears heavy debt to become the characteristic of the industry. Qilai shen for the new york times
Last fall, the authorities introduced stimulus measures to support the real estate industry, which brought shock to the stock market. With the sudden end of the "clear zero" policy, another impact appeared in December. The stock market rose into a new year and reached its peak at the end of January.
In the first three months of this year, China's economy has increased 4.5% (Most of them are from consumption) and seem to be walking into the recovery track. In recent months, the expenditure has been strong, especially in luxury And food and beverage industry , But it is increasingly not to meet the expectations of investors. High -loss rate of young people Make the prospects even more bleak.
In Western countries and Inflation At the same time as struggle, China is dealing with the opposite of it and may be more harmful, that is, dragging the economy due to the sustainable low prices that suppress the company's profits and wages.
"Domestic demand is still weak," Teng Yan said.
advertise
Therefore, in recent weeks, many economists have lowered their expectations and led to the decline in the stock market. However, some analysts, including Nomura Securities and Barclays Bank analysts -still expected that the growth rate of domestic GDP this year will be higher than 5%of government forecasts.
People in the world's largest economy in the world are relatively low, but the performance of the US stock market is far better than China. The S & P 500 has risen by about 12%this year.
The CCP and its supreme leader Xi Jinping recently decided to hurt the stock market emotions. Customs with a consulting company that is associated with overseas Some foreign companies and investors panic, which once again caused people to question the feasibility of international companies' business in China.
Consumer spending has been strong in recent months, but it is getting lower and lower than the expectations of investors. Qilai shen for the new york times
"The recovery has stagnated, partly because Beijing cannot boost the confidence of consumers and business investors," the economist of Nomura Securities wrote in a report last month. "With the emergence of disappointment, we see that the risk of spiral decline risk rises, leading to weak activity data, rising unemployment rates, continuous deflation, decline in market interest rates and soft currencies."
However, some observers believe that investors have just misjudged the unprecedented re -opening up of the Chinese economy. And they ignored the authorities to put national security issues in economic issues The change above.
"The idea of China's economic management method has been completely different," said Liang Zhaoyi, chief Chinese economist of Star Fair Bank. He also said that the authorities are unlikely to respond to the stock market plunge by taking positive measures as in the past. Beijing's policy makers are more concerned about the vane of the economy and other economies. Liang Zhaoyi said that from this perspective, the Chinese economy is "not too outrageous."
advertiseAt present, investors continue to sell Chinese stocks. The largest losers this year, including online retailers Jingdong and Hot Pot Chain Haidilao, have fallen by more than 20%this year, prompting Hong Kong Hang Seng China Enterprise Index Thursday fell to the minimum closing level during the year. After rebounding on Friday, the index was about 17%lower than January. [CSI 300 Index] of the largest company in Shanghai and Shenzhen(https://www.csindex.com.cn/en/indices/index-detail/000300#/indices/family/detail?indexCode=000300)It has fallen by about 8%since January.
The real estate industry continues to make investors feel pain. According to data released by China Real Estate Information Group this week, the real estate sales of the 100 largest companies in May decreased by about 14%from the previous month.
China’s Real Estate Problem ——The developers are trapped in debt, leaving the loan buyers an unfinished apartment -leading to people expect that the People's Bank of China will have to cut interest rates this year.
Both Nomura Securities and Barclays all predict that in the three months of June, China's economic growth rate will increase significantly -close to 8%. According to the predictions of these two companies, the growth of the next two quarters this year will slow down to the earlier level this year.
In the process, analysts expect the stock market performance will improve. "Excessive pessimistic emotions usually modify themselves," Liang Zhaoji said.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/business/20230605/china-stocks-hang-seng-csi-300/ 
Hong Kong is not allowed to publicize more than 20 people from the Hong Kong police away from the Hong Kong Police 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T01:29:00Z
Description: On the 34th anniversary of the 64th, according to the statistics of the Hong Kong police on Sunday evening, one person was arrested for "suspected obstruction of police officers' execution duties"; 23 people were taken away for "suspected destroying social tranquility", including Chen Baoying, chairman of the Socialist. Many international human rights organizations have spent their voice.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['谷歌', '香港', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '六四事件', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议', '专题报道：六四30周年']
Keywords: ['香港', '六四', '天安门事件', '香港国安法']
Id: 65823074
Deng Jianhua, former vice chairman of the Hong Kong Employee Alliance, wore a black top reported from the June 4th of the Wen Wei Po. He was taken away by the police near Victoria.
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) According to the statistics of the Hong Kong Police Sunday (June 4), as of midnight as of the day, a total of 1 person was arrested; 23 people were taken away by the police for "suspected damage to social tranquility", including 11 men and 12 women, including 11 men and 12 women. , Age is 20 to 74 years old. They were taken to the police station for further investigation and later were allowed to leave.
Comprehensive foreign news and Hong Kong media reported that a 53 -year -old woman arrested by Hong Kong was arrested. "Ming Pao" reported that the police said that the woman was "suspicious" in Victoria at 9 o'clock that night and went forward to investigate. After that, the woman refused to cooperate and showed the identity certificate document. "Excluded.
The remaining 23 people who were taken away by the Hong Kong police included Chen Baoying, a well -known social movement veteran and a member of the Socialist. Socialist is a democratic party in Hong Kong's left -wing, and one of the few only the only opposition parties in Hong Kong.
Agence France -Presse reporter witnessed the picture of Chen Baoying's police car in Causeway Bay by the Hong Kong police car. Before that, Chen Baoying held a small LED candle and two yellow flowers. "Ming Pao" reported that during the period, Chen shouted "Mourning June 4th." After being taken away for a few hours, she was allowed to leave that night.
In addition, Deng Jianhua, former vice chairman of the Hong Kong Employee Alliance, wore a black top reported by the June 4th report of the Wen Wei Po, Xu Hanguang, former member of the Standing Committee of the Association, Mai Yanting, former chairman of the Hong Kong Journalists Association, and Hong Kong well -known social operations nicknamed "Mother -in -law Wang". Person Wang Fengyao was also taken away by the police.
*#
Hong Kong Police said "Destroying Anning" took away the six or four -point lights and the flower holder 

Wang Fengyao, also known as "Mother -in -law Wang", arrived near the police blockade at 5 pm on June 4th at 5 pm on June 4. She was holding a bunch of flowers, her hands compared with the "May Day" gesture, and then surrounded by a group of police officers and took it into a police car. The 67 -year -old Wang Fengyao was noticeable because of the British flag in the 2019 anti -repair parade in 2019. It was detained by Hong Kong and mainland China police several times.
*#
Hong Kong Police said "Destroying Anning" took away the six or four -point lights and the flower holder 

Former Chairman of the Hong Kong Reporter Association, Mai Yanting (the second to the right) appeared at Causeway Bay at 6 pm, was investigated outside a shopping mall, and was taken away by the police a few minutes later. On June 5th, the Hong Kong Records Association stated through a public statement that Mai Yanting, former chairman of the Record Association and French Guangshan special reporter, was detained at the Wan Chai Police Station until 11:00 pm, but was not informed of any crimes.
*#
Hong Kong Police said "Destroying Anning" took away the six or four -point lights and the flower holder 
and electronic candle 
Chen Baoying (second from left), a member of the Social movement and the chairman of the Social People's Corporation, went to Jili George Street near Victoria at 7 pm, holding yellow paper flowers and electronic candles, and was taken on the police car after being questioned by the police. Social Minlian said later on the same day that after Chen Baoying was taken to the Wan Chai Police Station, Chen Baoying was allowed to leave at 9:15 pm and was not required to guarantee any guarantee.
*#
Hong Kong Police said "Destroying Anning" took away the six or four -point lights and the flower holder 
Deng Jianhua and Xu Hanguang were also taken away 
At around 8 o'clock in the evening, Deng Jianhua, former vice chairman of the Hong Kong Workers' Alliance, who was printed with the June 4th report of the Wen Wei Po, was stopped by the police (in the picture) and was taken on the police car. He then said on Facebook. "assist investigation". At about 8 o'clock, Xu Hansuang, a member of the former member of the former branch of the electronic candle, was also taken by a police car by a police car near the Causeway Bay subway station.
*#
Hong Kong Police said "Destroying Anning" took away the six or four -point lights and the flower holder 
"May 35" script 
A man wearing black and wearing a mask showed the June 4th stage script "May 35" of Hong Kong drama writer Zhuang Meiyan. "Don't be afraid of Hong Kong people", and eventually took away.
*#
Hong Kong Police said "Destroying Anning" took away the six or four -point lights and the flower holder 
Mobile lighting to destroy social tranquility? 
Several police officers took a man with a mobile phone flash away from Victoria Garden. The Hong Kong police said in the evening that there were 11 men and 12 women on June 4, and a total of 23 people were arrested or taken away by the police for suspected "damage to social tranquility"; one person was arrested for "suspected hindering the execution of police officers."
*#
Hong Kong Police said "Destroying Anning" took away the six or four -point lights and the flower holder 
"Don't forget June 4th" 
On June 3rd, Chen Shisen (pictured in the picture), who named "Sanmu" (pictured), sang "Don't forget June 4th!Don't forget June 4th!Hong Kong people, don't be afraid of them." When he was taken away by the police officer, he also shouted along the way "Don't forget June 4th", "defeat the tyranny", "don't be afraid of Hong Kong people."
*#
Hong Kong Police said "Destroying Anning" took away the six or four -point lights and the flower holder 
Fast 89643.4 seconds 
Guan Zhenbang (left) of the former Branch Federation and Liu Jiayi, a member of the mother of Tiananmen, Hong Kong, also went to the Picanto Spring Pool on June 3, and planned to take fasting at Victoria Garden at 6:04. They held the slogans of "fasting 89643.4 seconds", "mourning the June 4th death, paying tribute to Tiananmen's mother", wearing tops printed with the words "896420" and "truth". The two were taken away by the Hong Kong police for a few minutes before the water spraying pool, and at the same time warned that the two were involved in "making the intention of intended to incite." Liu Jiayi stated on Facebook on June 5 that he "was released on bail within 48 hours, and at the same time, he also completed the fasting of personal mourning and was temporarily safe."#
Hong Kong Police said "Destroying Anning" took away the six or four -point lights and the flower holder 
Victoria Garden in the past few years 
Since 1990, the June Fourth Candle Light Gala held by the Hong Kong Federation Association on June 4th will attract tens of thousands of people to gather in Victoria Park in Hong Kong to mourn the June 4th incident. However, since the outbreak of the new crown epidemic in 2019, the Hong Kong authorities have banned rally twice on the grounds of epidemic prevention. Next, the "National Security Law" adopted in 2020 will be regarded as illegal activities. In 2021, the Federation will be dissolved. Since then, the June 4th Memorial Party will not exist. The picture shows the Hong Kong people spontaneously on June 4, 2020 to the Victoria Garden to commemorate June 4th with candlelight.
Hong Kong Freedom News (HKFP) reported that near Victoria's Pork Tosa, a woman wearing a black T -shirt was also intercepted and taken away by the police. The police lifted her four feet to the police car. She shouted on the police car and shouted on the police car. : "Is it like this in the future?"
On the eve of the 64th anniversary, the Hong Kong police arrested 4 people on the 3rd with the crime of "incitement" and "disrupting order"; the other four were detained for suspected damage to social tranquility. "Ming Pao" reported that the artist Sanmu, the volunteer Guan Zhenbang of the former branch association, and Liu Jiayi, a member of the mother of Tiananmen.
The artist Sanmu was taken away by the Hong Kong police in Causeway Bay on the evening of the 3rd. During the period, he shouted, "Don't forget June 4th", "Hong Kong people are shocked."
On the day of the 34th anniversary of the 64th, the Hong Kong police officer dispatched about 6,000 police forces alert Essence After the night, the police strengthened the Fangfang Park, but there were still sporadic citizens who came to Victoria Garden to mourn. On that day, some stores also gave candles in a way, low -key, autonomous mourning June 4th Essence In the evening, dozens of candles can also be seen in the US consulate in Hong Kong, which shines next to the building windows. Overseas includes Taiwan , Britain, Australia, the United States, Japan and other places, all the June 4th commemorative activities were held.
Many human rights organization criticism 
Hong Kong used to be the only place in China to commemorate June 4th, and it was also the largest and oldest city in the world to commemorate the largest and oldest cities in June 4. After the "Hong Kong National Security Law" was introduced in 2020, the Victoria Garden June Fourth Candle Light Party, which has more than 30 history, was forbidden to be prohibited on the grounds of the new crown epidemic. , Victoria Garden was blocked; this year's first "recovery", but Victoria Garden was changed by pro -Beijing group to apply for a hometown collection carnival. Beijing is accused of trying to rewrite the June 4th collective memory of Hong Kong people Essence
The UN Human Rights person in charge Volkertürk's office issued a post later on the 4th that he was shocked by Hong Kong's "detention notification" and called for "to release any person who was detained by exercising freedom of speech and freedom of peace rally." Essence
Humanrightswatch calls on the Chinese government to recognize the responsibility of killing democratic protesters. Human Rights Observation Senior Chinese researcher Wang Yaqiu said through a statement: "The Chinese government continues to escape the responsibility for the Tiananmen Holocaust decades ago, which has made it arbitrarily detention, severe review and monitoring of millions of people, and the internationally disrupted rights. The effort is even more bold. "
The International Terminal Organization pointed out that the Hong Kong government prevented people from commemorating the "shameful action" of the 64th anniversary, reflecting the insults of the Chinese central government's review system, and an insult to the people who were killed in Tiananmen.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/香港不准公開悼六四-逾20人遭港警帶走/a-65823074?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
"Global Dialogue" Issue 10: Dialogue with the European Parliament Maggie Maglida (Free Version) 
Authors: ['宋欣，周掌柜']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T01:30:02+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-03T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T11:57:99+08:00
Description: Marcos said that the EU believes that the establishment of a multi -pole world is very important, and all partners should respect the international rules and the principles of the United Nations Charter.
Images: []
Themes: ['乌克兰战争', '关注']
Keywords: ['中欧关系', '贸易', '欧盟', '乌克兰战争']
Type: Article
Maglida Marcos is from the Portuguese Democratic Party. He had previously held important positions at the EU Cultural Division and Communication Division of the EU Commission. Later, he returned to Portugal in 2015 and served as the State Secretary of European Affairs in Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa Cabinet. After the 2019 European election, she was successfully elected and became a member of the European Parliament, and was a member of the European Parliament's delegation to China. She had her unique understanding and insight in Sino -European relations.
As a policy consultant of the former European Parliament, the author communicates with members of the European factions and countries in Europe after three years. We can deeply feel the cautiousness and sensitivity of members when talking about everything related to all issues related to China. There are many reasons behind this, but from the perspective of European perspective, the core problem comes from the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War. It is precisely because of this war at the European door that many Europeans feel that they have hit the "South Wall wall ", Thus a significant change in the attitude towards Russia and China. Although it seems that everything has been relieved as Germany, France, and Spain's heads and EU Council's chairman visit China. However, for the overall Sino -European relations, the war itself is still a topic that Central Europe cannot be around for a period of time. We can even say that the real substantial "recovery" between China and the European Europe will not really start until the dust of the war settled.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099852 
The number of people in India's large train accidents is close to 300 (Free Version) 
Authors: ['本杰明•帕金']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T01:40:19+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T21:39:99+08:00
Description: The Indian Railway Minister said that the preliminary survey results showed that the reason for the three -car series of collisions was to fail the "electronic lock" system that controlled the train operation.
Images: [" 000183371_pic... "]
Themes: ['印度', '关注']
Keywords: ['印度', '铁路', '基础设施', '事故']
Type: Article
 The Indian authorities said that the preliminary investigation results showed that the train accident that occurred last Friday was caused by signal failure, and the accident caused nearly 300 people to die. Prime Minister Narendra Modi(Narendra Modi)Vowing the person responsible for the accident.
Indian Railway Minister Ashvini Vashna(Ashwini Vaishnaw)Last Sunday said that the government has "identified the cause of the accident and the responsible person of the accident." The preliminary survey results show that the "electronic lock" system that controls the running of the train fails, which has led to the(Odisha)Baraosor(Balasore)The three -car series of collisions near the station.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099859 
Living in the era of layout 
Authors: ['皮利塔•克拉克']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T03:03:02+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T23:02:99+08:00
Description: Clark: As layoffs become common corporate behavior, researchers have unexpected discovery.
Images: []
Themes: ['观点', '裁员', '关注']
Keywords: ['裁员', '就业', '自我管理', '领英', '职场']
Type: Article
A few weeks ago, after being fired a few weeks ago, Alti Lagu, who was engaged in sales and expansion,(Areniraghu)Directly leading the leader(LinkedIn)I wrote a guide to share the first 48 hours of how to collapse after the unemployment.
It is normal until here: Except for one thing: firing Ladu -the company with her more than 700 colleagues -the company.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099860 
Wuhan primary school students were hit by the teacher to kill her mother suspected of being chosen by the Internet violence and stability. 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T03:39:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:32:48-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Primary school students were hit by the car's grief and asked to apologize, but some netizens said that the parents of the deceased wanted to get more compensation. Among them, the "Hubei has positive energy" account is suspected of having an official background. Netizens provided [Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/GT1-0605202303913.html/@stream]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt1-06052023033913.html/@@stream)A primary school student in Wuhan was killed by a teacher in the school last week. After that, the child's mother Ms. Yang fell down in the community where she died. Wuhan residents and netizens have condemned some people to "maintain stability" when Ms. Yang faced the pain of the widow. Ms. Yang's specific suicide was unknown, but she was criticized by national security stability and online storms before her lifetime.
Chuan Tianjin elementary and middle school students committed suicide in the city to convene parents' meeting * China ’s bizarre disappearance case in more than a dozen middle school students in more than a month On May 23, the first grade of Hongqiao Elementary School in Hanyang District, Wuhan City, was killed by the teacher by the teacher in the school. Her mother, Ms. Yang and her husband rushed to the scene when she heard the news. On the 25th, Ms. Yang died in the community where she lived.
Ms. Qin, a resident of Hanyang, Wuhan, said in an interview with Radio Asia on Monday on Monday: "This is the power of cyber violers. The child's mother can't stand it. Family members have stopped. The person in the Internet storm has been found, and many people have been banned for life. There is also a real -name registered netizen named Wang. I don't know what to deal with it now. "
Weibo netizen commented that Ms. Yang was neatly dressed and demanded more compensation. Among them, millions of fan big V "Hubei has positive energy" wrote: What do you still want to make a banner and block the school gate? Isn't it because of this social impact on the Internet? It is also written that compensation will definitely be given. Don't you just have less compensation. Do you want to have more compensation? Essence Essence Essence Essence Essence I really started to feel that you are not worthy of sympathy. The child's death has completely become a chip you want to compensate.
Many citizens in Wuhan said that the mothers who were killed were "Internet storms" and fell to death, and some said they were threatened by "national security" to maintain stability. (Network screenshot/ancient pavilion provided) Online storms Canada Baowei stabilize tragedy 
He Peirong, a person familiar with the situation of Wuhan, believes that Ms. Yang committed herself not only for online storms, but Wuhan National Security also participated in the "stability" operation against Ms. Yang. She said to this station: "The netizen turned out that the video was putting pressure on her, so the woman jumped off the building, and her friends also subtlely said in Douyin that it was because the police put pressure on her. "
In a video circulating on the Internet, Ms. Yang was at the entrance of the school where her son was studying at the time of her son. Facing passers -by and security guards and police, a national security of Wuhan was asked to stabilize her: "He said he was (Wuhan) the Municipal Public Security Bureau He is called Zhou Jun. He did not ask me any questions about my child, did not apologize to me, did not apologize to my child, condemned us to make trouble here ... "
On May 25, according to the report of the Education Bureau of the Hanyang District of Wuhan City, at 13:50 on May 23, Liu Mou, a teacher of the Yuehu Campus of Hongqiao Primary School in the district, drove the school with the first -year student of the school in the school. Later, Tan was sent to the hospital to rescue the unfortunate unfortunate death. The Education Bureau of Hanyang District, Wuhan City, deeply felt sad and blame the unfortunate death of Classmate Tan.
As for the teacher involved, Liu was detained by the police, and the principal and vice president of the school were also dismissed.



Elementary students were killed by the car and caused heated discussion among netizens, criticizing some netizens to guide public opinion, saying that the parents of the deceased wanted to get more compensation. "Hubei has positive energy" account is suspected to have an official background. (Network screenshot/ancient pavilion provided) 
Millions of fans "Hubei positive energy" seems to be controlled by the government 
He Peirong said: "Millions of fans'" Hubei positive energy 'is obviously the government's online public opinion guidance account. I think this mother should be the hand of "maintaining stability'. These people vaguely hide behind the system without evil. We have to record and seek the truth. "Mr. Xu, a resident of Wuhan, told this station that every time in the local area or rights protection incident, the national security will suppress the online remarks as soon as possible. Ms. Yang's encounter is a typical case. He said: "I believe this is the case. They want to maintain stability. I know the cost of maintaining stability is higher than the military expenses."
Primary school students mentioned in the video during her lifetime that Wuhan National Security Zhou Jun had warned her. (Video screenshot/ancient pavilion provided) ** Twenty -seven poets write poems for the deceased mother.
In addition, 27 Chinese poets said in the form of poetry Ms. Yang, who was stunned ... Among them, "Yekang Bridge" wrote that a child died tragically, only one mother was sad, one person died, only one family cried, one dynasty was destroyed, and everyone was loyal to the new emperor. Alas, is this a child's death? This is the educational achievement of the snow in front of the door since ancient times.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt1-06052023033913.html 
The Chinese and American military and ship insurance collided, and the two countries competed for Asian leading risks to intensify 
Creator: DAMIEN CAVE,DAVID PIERSON,储百亮
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-05T04:08:17+08:00
Description: The United States hopes to establish a partnership security network for its own leadership, and China wants to build a region with Beijing as the center of the New International Order. Under the geopolitical competition, the risk of unexpected conflicts between the two countries seems to be rising. Vincent Thian/Associateed Press U.S. Defense Minister Laudie Austin III (left) and John Chipman of the Institute of International Strategy. At a Singapore meeting, Austin advocated a safe network headed by the United States and a well -equipped partner in Asia.
Images: [" 04china-us-mi... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 Utilizing a meeting held in Singapore, senior officers in the United States and China put forward different visions on Asia's future security -a security net headed by the United States and a well -equipped partner, or a new international order in China as the new international order The center of the center.
The US Minister of Defense Lauda Austen III and officials of the allies may explicitly explicitly states that Russia's invasion of Ukraine shows that Asia urgently needs to accept an alliance network led by the United States to curb the increasingly powerful China. On Sunday, General Li Shangfu, the Minister of Defense of China, systematically criticized the United States, and said that compared with Beijing, it will be a very different leader. Essence
"Some countries want to intervene in other domestic affairs and regional affairs, and they can sanctify unilateral sanctions and force," Li Shangfu said. He refers to the United States and his allies. They "left after a region and left a mess," he said. "We must never let this kind of thing be copied in the Asia -Pacific."
Austin and Li Shangfu made these remarks at the Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore. This is one of the few regular forums of decision makers and public decision makers and public in Beijing and Washington. At this year's meeting, the National Defense Minister from Ukraine, Britain, Germany and Canada attended the meeting. The meeting highlighted that the competition between the United States and China is becoming a competition on the global geopolitical pattern in the future. More active participation in the rejuvenation of partners is still moving towards a order led by China, at least in Asia.
The narratives shrouded in the conflict between the two countries are the Ukrainian war and the threat of Asian conflicts. The risk of unstable accidents between China and the United States seems to be rising. Saturday, US Indian Pacific Command said When the U.S. Navy's destroyer Zhong Yun, when passing through the strait between mainland China and Taiwan,, in order to avoid collision with a Chinese navy ship passing from it, it slows down.
China Defense Minister Li Shangfu proposed China's new international order centered on China. How hwee young/epa, via shutterstock
Li Shangfu faded the danger. He said that the best way to avoid accidents was to let countries outside the region leave, such as the United States, "control your own warships."
However, many European officials who attended the meeting believed that the government of their own countries should participate more in Asian affairs to protect their economy, and Asian countries should support Ukraine more.
advertise
EU diplomacy and security officials Hesep Borrell Forteris said the Ukrainian war "changed the rules of the game." This war told Europe that "nothing is far away in the global world." He said the security issue in a region "affects everyone in all places."
As evidence, many European defense officials mentioned that Ukraine's restrictions on food exports have led to rising food prices in global food.
They also tried to depict Russia (the country did not participate in this meeting) as a recent threat of Asia, because it has a powerful navy that moves north of Japan, and has implemented a designed to Destruction The region connects the global planning of submarine cables and energy supply.
"All these military strength entered the Pacific Ocean, we should realize how this impact on our hidden dangers will be," said British Defense Minister Ben Wallace.
China does not agree with Europe's need to play a greater role in Asian security affairs, saying that this is a strategy adopted by the United States to establish a Asia -Pacific version of the North Atlantic Convention.
The former Chinese ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, said at the meeting that the "best thing" that Europe can do for Asia is "do nothing". He also said, "We don't need a Asian version of NATO."
In 2014, Hawaii, the U.S. Zhongyun destroyer. On Saturday, in the strait between China and Taiwan, Zhong Yun was forced to slow down to avoid collision with the Chinese naval ships passing by. Hughgentry/Reuters
At a symposium, Cui Tiankai was sitting next to Ukraine Minister of Defense Oleksey Ritzkov. Learn from Europe's "failure".
This is a point that the Chinese military's general repeatedly emphasized: from Beijing's view, the siege of the West against Russia forced Moscow to participate in the war. Any strategy that curbs China may trigger similar results. As another Chinese official proposed on the forum: "Have you ever thought that this curb itself is a problem, or a failure, the Ukrainian war proves this?"
advertise
But in such a multi -party talk about the most severe wording of Russia's invasion, China ’s continuous support for Russia has also caused criticism. At the end of the discussion with Cui Tiankai, Reznikov turned his head directly to the Chinese envoy about the changing power structure between China and Russia. He said that unlike decades ago, China is now a "big brother" and Russia is a "younger brother".
"Will you say to your younger brother to stop invading Ukraine?" Reznikov said, which aroused applause from the audience.
Indonesia's Minister of Defense Plaboovo Sophia has emphasized the [differences] of western powers and many developing countries on war issues.(https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230224/c24russia-ukraine-geopolitics/)Later, a Ukraine Peace Plan was proposed, which did not include the Russian army withdrawal. On the contrary, he called for a referendum of a national referendum on a ceasefire, the establishment of a non -military zone, and eventually holding a national referendum on controversial territories.
The proposal immediately attracted the criticism of Western officials and Reznikov.
"I will try to be polite as much as possible," Reznikov said, he also said, "but it sounds like a Russian plan."

Zhuang Jiaying, a political scientist at the National University of Singapore, said that many efforts such as Indonesia to avoid choosing border stations between the United States and China may soon find that they cannot affect the situation, because more and more countries outside the region are seeking performance More role.
"The problem is that the world is changing," he said, and "this more passive attitude means that they cannot participate in the shape of the world."
advertise
Even the countries that were swaying between Washington and Beijing were doubtful to China.
The Philippine military officials emphasized the gap between China's statement and the actual actions of China -mentioned several aggression in the Philippines's exclusive economic zone in the Philippines, including harassing fishing boats.
The Philippine Coastal Guard of Jie Tarriera said: "Although China says dialogue, their actions show confrontation."
The vigilance of Chinese intentions and ambitions has prompted the United States' allies in the region to strengthen its military relations with the West. Japan took the lead in taking action and announced a few weeks ago that it was working hard to open a NATO contact office in Tokyo.
Although Chinese officials quickly described such efforts as futile and dangerous, the Japanese Defense Minister Hamada Yichi emphasized that the connection between countries and regions was "not for fighting."
"Even if we expand their military capabilities, diplomacy is still more important," he said.
advertise
This is a proposal that China refuses to respond to the United States' request for direct talks with senior military officials in the United States, which has appeared many times in speeches like this.
Compared with colleagues in the People's Liberation Army, Li Shangfu, who was born in aerospace engineering, is considered a relatively mild attitude. Some people think that from his attending Singapore meeting, we can see that China hopes to show a more friendly attitude in the forum.
However, Li Shangfu did not meet with Austin. The two just shook hands at a dinner on Friday night. On Sunday, he quoted a lyrics warning that China would not retreat in defending its rights and interests:
"Friends are here with wine, and there are shotguns when the wolf comes."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230605/china-us-security-ships/ 
Can the two countries restart the dialogue after the two countries collided with each other? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T04:25:00Z
Description: When the United States and Canada performed a joint mission on the weekend, the US -China warships almost collided. At the same time as the US -China Mutual Control, the White House also revealed to the media that it still sought to maintain the stability of the Taiwan Strait, and also worked hard to repair US -China relations. Bayon or met Xi Jinping at a "point in time".
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '专题报道：习近平访美']
Keywords: ['台海局势', '两岸关系', '岛屿主权争议', '中美关系', '解放军']
Id: 65823182
Berke -class destroyer "Zhong Yun" (data photo)
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) After the US -China warship almost collided on the weekend, China Defense Minister Li Shangfu Sunday (June 4) in Shangri -La in Singapore As mentioned above, Chinese military aircraft and warships will never go to other countries to lead the air and be near the sea to do the so -called "navigation hegemony". "The best way is to manage their own warships and control their planes."
Li Shangfu did not name it criticized: "" Some foreign countries "are in the name of navigation freedom, and the power of sailing hegemony. If you want to confuse the South China Sea, make profits from it, we need to be highly vigilant and resolutely resist."
On the same day, US Secretary of Defense Llayd Austin also shouted that Beijing "do the right thing" to control its troops' behavior.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin stated at a regular press conference on June 5 that "China has always respected the rights and flying rights of navigation and flying in accordance with international law. It is also reasonable and legal. " He also asked "The so -called unsafe and unprofessional incidents mentioned by these officials of the United States, why occurred in the leader and the sea of the sea in China, rather than the aim of other countries and near the territorial sea?"
Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu issued a conversation in the Dialogue of Shangri -La, Singapore on the 4th
The U.S. Indo-Pacific Command issued a statement on Saturday (3rd) that the USS Chung-Hoon and the Harry Fax-class patrol ship "HMCSMONTREAL" (HMCSMONTREAL) and Harry Fax, Canada, In conjunction with the Taiwan Strait, the Chinese missile destroyer "Suzhou" (PRC LY132 "suddenly cut into the channel of the Bell Cloud in the United States in the" unsafe way ", forcing the Zhong Yun to decelerate to avoid collision.
The statement states that the closest distance between the two ships is only 150 yards (137 meters), and the Chinese military's behavior violates the "road rules" at sea with the safety of international waters.
The first report was the GlobalNews in Canada. The media interview team has followed the Canada Montreal in the South China Sea since late May, witnessed and photographed the incident process. "Global News" reported that the Canadian Montella commander Paulmountford said that when the Suzhou Suzhou changed its way, the Radio notified the US ship to "turn around, otherwise it would collide", and the US ship personnel responded to China requesting China to request China Warship away.
Colonel Monteford said that the Chinese warship also notified the radio before acting, obviously intentionally traveled through the provocation. He said that the US -Canada warships were carried out in international waters, but Chinese warships continued to warn them that they were entering the sea of China. He hopes that this is just a case. In the future, it will not happen to Canadian warships. "Because we have international law as the basis, this is the international waters."
According to the report, the US -Canada ships have sailed together in the South China Sea for nearly a week before entering the Taiwan Strait. During this period, Montello had witnessed the end of the Chinese warships with the ship of the Chinese warship with the ship, but did not approach harassment.
China -U.S. warship meets the Taiwan Strait 
A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs accused "the United States is provoking, and China is dealt with in accordance with laws and regulations. China has always respected the freedom of navigation and flying by countries in accordance with international law. Reasonable and legal, security specialty. China resolutely oppose the creation of relevant countries in the Taiwan Strait area, and resolutely defend national sovereign security and regional peace and stability. "
The Ministry of National Defense of Taiwan said on the 3rd that the relevant situation was grasped throughout the process. In order to be safe and stable in the Taiwan Strait, it has been applied to the monitoring of the sea and air forces. The Taiwanese party calls on the Chinese authorities to respect the right to navigation, avoid excessive provocations, and jointly maintain the peace and stability and security of the region.
Reuters reports that this offshore encounter is the latest close -range contact of the Chinese and American military. Less than a week ago, the Indo -Pacific Command of the United States stated that a Chinese fighter aircraft approached the US military aircraft in the international leader in the South China Sea on May 26 And "unnecessary attack".
Liu Pengyu, a spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in Washington, did not comment on military aircraft incidents at the time. It only stated that the United States "frequently dispatched aircraft and ships and carried out near -reconnaissance against China", which seriously threatened China's national security.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, Deputy Foreign Minister Ma Chaoxu and US Assistant Secretary of State Kangda, who are responsible for East Asia and Pacific on June 5(Daniel Kritenbrink)The talks were held, but the details were not disclosed yet. Earlier, the U.S. Embassy in China has released news that Kangda and the Senior Director of China and Taiwan Affairs of the National Security Council Berlan(Sarahbera)In Beijing, it will be "a key issue for discussing bilateral relations" with China.
White House: Maintain the stable dynamics of the Taiwan Strait 
U.S. -China relations have encountered a historical trough, since February " spy balloon Since the incident, conflicts have been constantly, and recently have been almost in conflict with the Chinese military in the sea and airspace, and the tension has continued to rise. In this regard, the White House national security adviser Jakesullivan (CNN) program "Fareed Zakariagps" on the 4th on the 4th, the United States is seeking to maintain a "stable" stable The two sides of the Strait "."
Shalvin said that the Bayeng government has repeatedly stated that its cross -strait relations policies have not changed, and they are still based on the "One China Policy" and the "Taiwan Relations Law". The United States supports that "Taiwan or China will not change the status quo unilaterally."
White House National Security Consultant Shaliwen (Data Photo)
Shalvin also said in an interview that US -China relations have gone through extremely turbulent and nervous year, and the two countries are also working hard to return to normal relations. US president Joebiden may meet with Xi Jinping at a "point in time": "I hope that in the next few months, we can see high -level China -US high -level contact in the next few months to continue this work (referring to the restoration of the relationship between the two countries). Then, at a certain point of time, we will see President Bayeng Get together again with President Xi. "
He added that the United States and China "fiercely compete in important areas such as economy and technology", and at the same time "ensure that this competition will not evolve into conflict or confrontation", Bayeng believes that these two things will not conflict with each other.
Shooting 
A balloon in China fluttered over the United States for a few days. On February 4, the U.S. military shot down in the coastal waters of the South Carolina. The United States has accused China of using balloons for espionage. But China said that this is just an out of control meteorological balloon.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
search 
The shot of balloon fell into the sea a few miles away from the coast of South Carolina. The U.S. Navy and the Coast Guard positioned the areas where the balloon fell, and sent helicopters and ships to sort out the wreckage of balloons in the fall area.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
salvage 
It looks like fishermen are fishing a large jellyfish, but in fact, this is a group member of the US military who is responsible for dealing with explosives. This balloon has a diameter of about 61 meters, and the weight is equivalent to a small passenger aircraft.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
wreckage 
Due to the huge balloon size and uncertainty of its security, the United States eventually decided to shoot down at sea. The water depth of the balloon falling is about 15 meters. The U.S. military is trying to salvage more wreckage in order to more accurately understand the actual use of this flying object.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
tool 
The U.S. military uses special equipment such as underwater drones to search and salvage balloon wreckage. The "Explorer" -class marine measurement ship uses the sound of sound to find the wreckage fragments in the fall area. According to the U.S. military, the search area is about 2.25 square kilometers.
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China


In a statement on February 13th, the U.S. Northern Command said, "The salvage team found some important wreckage from the balloon fall, including confirming all the main sensors and electronic devices, and large objects of the overall structure."
*##### "Balloon" incident exacerbates the tension between the United States and China
upgrade 
After the United States shot down China's suspected spy balloon, the tension between the United States and China further intensified. This time, the Minister of Defense of China had rejected the US Secretary of Defense Austin to discuss matters related to balloons. China claims that the U.S. shot down is an over -reaction and violates international standards. The U.S. Department of Commerce will add 6 entities related to Beijing's suspected spy ball plan to be on the blacklist of exports. In the past few days, the U.S. military has shot down three flying bodies over the Alas California Coast in northwestern United States, Yakong areas in northwestern Canada, and the overhead of the US -Canada border.
Author: Florian Meyer
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中美軍艦險相撞-兩國互控後能否重啟對話？/a-65823182?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
American car sales slowly recovered, and the economic direction standard is weakened (Free Version) 
Author: Stephen Wilmot
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T04:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T04:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T03:25:00.000Z
Description: Generally, the automotive industry will be one of the first industries that feel the chills of the economic downturn. And this time, it may be among the industry that finally feels this kind of chill.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000902427
Type: Article
American car sales are returning to normal with slow steps.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E6%B1%BD%E8%BD%A6%E9%94%80%E5%94%AE%E7%BC%93%E6%85%A2%E5%9B%9E%E6%9A%96-%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E9%A3%8E%E5%90%91%E6%A0%87%E4%BD%9C%E7%94%A8%E5%87%8F%E5%BC%B1-d34387aa 
Internet celebrity brother & quot; Route & quot; arrived at the Snake Head of Mexican and put a whistle along the way to avoid military police ransom 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T04:32:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:22:58-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Sometimes the "Wiring" of Tian Ge takes the bus, sometimes climbing the mountains and wading, and it is necessary to cross the tropical rain forest. Video screenshot/Tiange provided Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/GT2-06052023051.html/@stream Henan Internet celebrities Chen Shaotian (known as "Guo scolded Brother" and "Tiange") recently set off from Turkey, and went to the United States to seek political asylum. This Monday successfully arrived in Mexico. Later, he proposed political asylum.
Thousands of Chinese citizens cross the Latin American "Route" to steal the United States * Continuous "moisturizing"? The number of Chinese people's "wiring" has increased sharply in the United States 
This Sunday is still in Henan, the Henan Net Red Sky, who has arrived in Mexico on Monday. On the same day, the seven or eight candidates from China were arranged by the "snake head" at a rest station with a pig farm. He said that there are still refugees from other countries: "I will arrange me here after getting off the car. This should be a place for pigs, and the door here is closed. This Portuguese person brought three children. Very Hard."
On May 17, Tiange arrived in the capital of Ecuador in Istanbul, Turkey, and began a long "wiring". After three days, he arrived in Metalin, Columbia, arrived in Panama on the 28th. Entering Nicaragua, I arrived at Honduras the next day, went to Guatemara on the 3rd, and entered Mexico on the 4th.
In an interview with Radio Asia on the same day, Tian Ge said that he had reached the Border area of the United States and Mexico. Tapuchra, a city in the southeast of Mexico: "I have been to Tapuchura, and I hit a car in 6 yuan to the hotel. It's time to go to the refugee reception station tomorrow or the day after tomorrow. "
In recent years, in order to get rid of violence and poverty, thousands of Central and South America refugees have fled to the United States when they wading, and Mexico is the only way for the United States to escape in the United States. Since the beginning of this year, many Chinese have also taken this escape.
Ten days ago, Henan Net Red Tiange set off from Turkey. After two weeks of "wiring", he arrived in Mexico this Monday. (天 [() Snake head arrangement means of transportation, letting off the police along the way to avoid the police 
Brother Tian said that along the way, the "snake head" arranged the itinerary and transportation, and there were motorcycles on the way to act as a "look -looking whistle" to avoid police investigations: "Snake head leadership, on the bus, there is a motorcycle to put a whistle in front, and there is an end to the back. The arrangement is very complete. Two days before entering Mexico, there are many avoiding (police check). Because before entering Mexico, a police officer got on the car to search twice, and he didn't ask for money. He first looked at your passport. After reading it, he Just reach out to you and ask you to ask for money. I 'no, no' shake my head, and he asked the next person to ask for money. "
Brother Tian said that there were also police officers called the people in their car and asked for money one by one: "Bring you to the back of the back of the car, even the bag is opened directly, and pay for it. I gave it 20 (US dollar). "
According to people familiar with the matter, the Chinese people have formed a scale for the Chinese people, and the "snake head" has developed to professionalism. The territory of various countries is responsible for receiving the underground organizations of the smuggling passengers to Mexico. From Turkey, it has a fixed "snake head" response through the country.
Brother Tian said that if the first stop from leaving China is the starting point, the special person escorts 20,000 to 300,000 yuan, which is called a "big bag". "" ". He chose "small bag". Brother Tian said, "Snake head is thorough, detailed, especially before entering Mexico before Guatemala. There are three motorcycles in front of their bus and at the intersection. There are walkie -talkies on each intersection. To see if there are any police. They are very contact. Where do you get on the car and where to get off, there are snake heads waiting for you. There are special persons (snake heads) in each section. The interface has a snake head waiting for you to arrange a hotel for you. "
The team of Heavenly Brother, a group of eight people, escaped the military policemen along the way under the guidance of the country's "snake head" (provided by Tiange)
"Snake Head" in various countries exchange information with WeChat **
Brother Tian also said that in the process of his "wiring", the "snake head" of each country took a photo for the smugglers and sent it to the "snake head" that responded in the next stop to prevent the smuggling of the smuggling of the non -payment. In order to ensure the safety of smuggling passengers: "Before the front and rear stations are handed over, they will contact WeChat, they will not charge more, and they will not lie to you. The only one encounters a black police officer on the road. No one can control it. In a box under the bus, the black policeman comes to ask for money and say no. "
Brother Tian said that there is a Red Cross Club along the way, and you can get the water and basic drugs provided by the Red Cross. He hopes to serve the Red Cross to help more people after the US political asylum.
The 48 -year -old brother Chen Shaotian, his real name, many years ago, he was sentenced to 14 months for his remarks for criticizing the Chinese government for criticizing the Chinese government on overseas social platforms. He was released from prison last year.
Sometimes the "Wiring" of Tian Ge takes the bus, sometimes climbing the mountains and wading, and it is necessary to cross the tropical rain forest. (Provided by Tiange)Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt2-06052023043051.html 
Multi -country military commanders warned that the United States and China were afraid of pulling down the "Free Version" in Asia 
Author: Chun Han Wong
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T05:17:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T05:17:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T02:55:00.000Z
Description: While the United States and China accused each other's tensions on each other, some defense officials in the Asia -Pacific region spoke, urging the two major powers to increase dialogue, and warned that this tension had evolved into a direct conflict.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000949669
Type: Article
In the United States and China, the intensive relationship between the two sides blame each other At the time of the Asia -Pacific region, some defense officials in the Asia -Pacific region spoke, urging the two major powers to increase dialogue, and warned that this tension had evolved into a direct conflict.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%A4%9A%E5%9B%BD%E5%86%9B%E4%BA%8B%E7%BB%9F%E5%B8%85%E8%AD%A6%E5%91%8A%E7%A7%B0%E7%BE%8E%E4%B8%AD%E5%88%86%E6%AD%A7%E6%81%90%E5%9C%A8%E4%BA%9A%E6%B4%B2%E6%8B%89%E4%B8%8B-%E9%93%81%E5%B9%95-411a532d 
June 4th anniversary: Hong Kong police strictly prevent the alert from taking away several people near Causeway Bay 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-05T05:29:13.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T05:29:13.000Z
Description: On the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th" incident in 1989, the Victoria Park in Hong Kong did not hold a candlelight rally for the fourth consecutive year. Starting during the day, a large number of police forces have been stationed in Causeway Bay, and the counter -terrorism special team has also dispatched patrols.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['香港']
Type: Article
June 4th Anniversary: Hong Kong Police Strict Guide Guardians to take away several people near Causeway Bay 
Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Chinese-News-65807448/P0FS9pzr/ZH-HansS Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials * 64th 34th anniversary: Hong Kong police strictly guard against the alert to take away several people near Causeway Bay At 5:29 am on June 5, 2023
On the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th" incident in 1989, the Victoria Park in Hong Kong did not hold a candlelight rally for the fourth consecutive year. Starting during the day, a large number of police forces have been stationed in Causeway Bay, and the counter -terrorism special team has also dispatched patrols.
According to statistics from Hong Kong police, as of 11 o'clock in the evening, 23 people were taken to the police station for investigation.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65807448 
U.S. companies have a cooling expectation of China's business rejuvenation (Free Version) 
Author: Dan Strumpf
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T05:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T05:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T04:11:00.000Z
Description: A large US company operated in China has hoped that the prosperity after the Chinese epidemic was promoted to boost global revenue. However, for many companies, this beautiful vision has not been realized.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000944416
Type: Article
A large US company operated in China has hoped that the prosperity after the Chinese epidemic was promoted to boost global revenue. However, for many companies, this beautiful vision has not been realized.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%A7%E5%85%AC%E5%8F%B8%E5%AF%B9%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E4%B8%9A%E5%8A%A1%E9%87%8D%E6%8C%AF%E7%9A%84%E9%A2%84%E6%9C%9F%E6%9C%89%E6%89%80%E9%99%8D%E6%B8%A9-2c2bde1e 
Chinese warships, Taiwan Straits, are close to the US ships and US military: deceleration and avoid collision 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T05:47:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T10:45:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 When the U.S. missile destroyer Zhong Yun passed through the Taiwan Strait on the 3rd, the Chinese missile destroyer Suzhou surpassed it from the side (pictured left) and was only 137 meters apart. Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class andre T. Richard/U.S. Navy Via AP
The U.S. Indo-Pacific Command pointed out on the 3rd that the US military destroyer "U.S. GUIDED-MISSILE DESTROYER Chung-Hoon" and the Royal Canadian navy patrol ship The destroyer "Suzhou" surpassed from the side side in an unsafe way near the Zhongyun, and cut into the channel in front of the US missile destroyer "Zhong Yun" about 137 meters. The U.S. Navy released related films on the 5th, saying that the "Zhong Yun" slows down to avoid colliding with the "Suzhou".
Paulmountford, the Canadian Navy patrol ship, and Paulmountford, who had witnessed the incident, said that China deliberately cut into the front of the U.S. Army's Zhongyun. This was very "unprofessional". The incident "obviously provoked by China."
The US military released the film showing that China's "Suzhou" cross -section crosses the channel in front of the "Zhongyun". The U.S. military said that the "Zhong Yun" still maintained its original direction at the time, but fell to 10 knots to avoid collisions.
The Indo -Pacific Command of the United States stated that these actions violated the safe and safe maritime rules in international waters.
Editor Xu Shuting
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/st-06052023054707.html 
Regardless of Trump, the collapse of American society may be inevitable 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T05:52:54+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T01:51:99+08:00
Description: Di Ti: Peter Turqin's theory of predicting social collapse is controversial, but this does not mean that we cannot learn lessons from it.
Images: [" 000176468_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '美国政治', '关注']
Keywords: ['美国政治', '特朗普', '财富不平等', '美国社会']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Former US President Donald Trump last month(Donald Trump)It is judged to be sexual assault reporter E • Qiong Caroler(E Jean Carroll)When responsible, some observers may hope that this will reduce his attractiveness to American voters. However, it is not. If you take a look at the University(Quinnipiac)The polls released will find that 56%of the current Republicans will support Trump in the 2024 election.(Ron Desantis)More than twice.
It is true that about 56%of the respondents said that they did not support Trump, but there were similar proportion of the voters who did not support Joe Biden(Joe Biden)Essence Peel(Pew)A survey also shows that 56%of Americans currently believe that the United States cannot solve its own problems, higher than 41%in June last year. The most important thing is that the survey found that "about three -quarters of the public stated that the wisdom of Americans in political decision -making is not confident or completely unconcerned at all, higher than 62%in 2021."
How to explain the imbalance of this level? It is often told us that US politics is controlled by dark forces -political manipulation and large technology companies have promoted these dark forces -error information destroyed democracy. It may be true to a certain extent. However, from another perspective, Biologists and complex scientists who use big data to study ecosystems using big data to study ecosystem(Peterturchin)Some of the views are worth thinking about. He uses these methods to analyze the way of complex society's rise and fall.(cliodynamics)。 Overwhelming(Clio)He is the goddess of Greek mythology.
Turqin uses a lot of economic and sociological information in history to explore the political and economic cycle of the world for thousands of years. He concluded that there was a basic model: that is, the elite seizing power, and then over time, trying to protect this power by seizing more and more resources. This will inevitably lead to the poor and poorer of the poor ("mass poverty") and trigger "elite excess" -to too many positions with too few elite competition -this in turn leads to extreme frustration, anxiety and internal fighting.
The result is usually the social explosion and political disintegration. The model of Turqin shows that in a complex society, this structural change usually occurs every 100 years. Before Trump was elected as the President of the United States in 2016, Turqin predicted that the United States and Western Europe were destined to go through the "turbulent 20s".
Turqin's point of view is controversial. Twenty years ago, he was in "Historical Dynamics"(Historical Dynamics)The empire theory explained in the book was opposed by historians. A critic said: "Complex mathematics cannot support the naive social theory." But as Trump tried to return, Turqin also returned. His new book "Time: Elite, Anti -Elite, and Political Demolition"(The End Times: Elites, Counter-Elites and the Path of Political Disintegration)He believes that the dynamics he predicted before will only intensify. He said that the decline in actual wages over decades has had an impact, just as the poor in the United States' expected life data decreased. At the same time, excess elites are surging. As the number of college graduates surge, employment competition is becoming more and more intense, which has intensified the unshanding and resentment of 1%of the group (even includes top -level).
In fact, when Turqin runs a historical dynamic model in the past 60 years of economic and sociological trends in the United States, the results show that even if you do not consider other details of Trump and Biden- "By 2020, (by the United States from the United States, (the United States’s in the United States ) Poverty and excess elites ... have reached a very high level. The radical curve began to rise after 2010, and it really broke out in the 1920s. Political violence is the same. "In this world, like the US Congress on January 6 The incident of the building may only be a front shock.
To put it bluntly, this shows that the appearance of people like Trump is the symptom of the United States turbulent, not the cause. According to data, the only way to change this trajectory is to re -implement the new policy of the United States(NewDeal), Reduce inequality by re -distribution. For example, in the 1950s, the maximum tax rate of US federal income tax jumped to 90%, compared to 7%in 1913, and now 37%.
This appeal may scare many American elites, so that they may decline these predictions, or point out that the model of dependence is rigid is dangerous. But Turqin is not the only contemporary Cassandra (Cassandra, a princess with prediction ability in Greek mythology, but his prophecy is not believed -translator's note); even another person who believes in periodic changes is performed cyclical. Hedge fund billionaire Lei Dario(Ray Dalio)It is also warned that inequality exacerbation may lead to social explosion.
Therefore, U.S. leaders will be stupid to ignore Magin. Not to mention, the concept of excess elites can at least explain why the United States' current elite education is so expensive and so competitive, which will cause damage to future elite children and adults.
Translator/He Li
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099861 
Tsinghua Rainbow Banner Incident and China The LGBTQ space that is constantly narrowed in China 
Creator: NICOLE HONG,ZIXU WANG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-05T05:56:34+08:00
Description: After distributing the rainbow flag on campus and confronting the school, two girls were punished. The cases of the two prosecuted the Ministry of Education were not accepted by the court. Their experience shows that in China, even the subtle homosexual and transgender expression space is narrowing. Gilles Sabrié for the New York Times Caroline Lee and Christine Huang is in Beijing. The two students of Tsinghua University are fighting the rights of the Rainbow Banner on the campus with the Chinese education authorities.
Images: [" 00china-lgbt1... ", " 00china-lgbt3... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 Caroline Lee still remembers that she was preparing to Shen University in high school to see the brochure of Tsinghua University, the top Chinese university in China. It mentioned a graduate who participated in the establishment of a LGBTQ rights group. This campus tolerance implied surprised by Ms. Li, who recognized herself.
Ms. Li finally entered Tsinghua University. Ms. Li, who is now a 21 -year -old junior, believes that this booklet is very ironic. In the past year, she and her 23 -year -old senior student Christine Huang have been fighting a victorious struggle with the school and the national education department on the problem of homosexuality and transgender expression.
Last year, the school managers who distributed the rainbow flag on campus and resisted their confrontation with them, the school made a punishment for the two to be permanently recorded in the case. In March of this year, they tried to leave flowers outside the dormitory of a cross -sex classmate who committed suicide and were surrounded by security. In May of this year, they took a photo with the Rainbow Flag. A university staff ran over and said that they were not allowed to publish photos to the Internet.
"These things add up to me, how can things become so bad?" Said Ms. Huang, who was self -agreed as homosexual.
In late May, a court of Tsinghua's city in Beijing informed them that the court would not accept their lawsuits filed with the Ministry of Education, and they asked the university to cancel the disposal of the Rainbow Banner in the lawsuit.
The experience of Ms. Huang and Ms. Li shows that in China, even the vague homosexuality and transgender expression, the space is shrinking. With the ruling Communist Party's control of ideological and civic society, nationalist critics in social media try to depict Chinese LGBTQ activities as a tool for foreign hostile forces.
 A homosexual nightclub in Beijing in 2019. Since Xi Jinping became a Chinese leader in 2012, the government has increased the suppression of LGBTQ expression and activity. Greg Baker/AgeFrance-Presse-Getty Images
Long Darui, a senior researcher at the Chinese Center of Yale University of Law School(Dariuslongarine)It is said that the main allegations of these groups are that they "cause conflicts within the society, the purpose is to destroy social stability."
In May, the Eastern City Hangzhou Police detained six gay men for 13 days The report said that they participated in the "adultery party" and disclosed their names. In the same month, the well -known rights protection organization "Beijing Comrade Center" said that after 15 years of operation, it said that it was terminated due to force majeure.
The dissolution of the North Tong Center made Ms. Huang donate to the organization every month. She said that the center made people feel safe and mentioned that one of her friends was receiving low psychological counseling there.
For a long time, Chinese citizen groups have been moving forward within the scope of official tolerance, and this range is blurred and changing, and activists often face the threat of being arrested. Ms. Huang and Ms. Li were born in the early 2000s. At that time, the authorities slightly relaxed social control. Homosexuality is deleted from the list of mental illness in China. Shanghai Pride(Shanghai Pride)Organizations can host large -scale public celebrations, and dozens of Ku'er advocating groups have appeared.
advertise
However, under the leadership of Xi Jinping, who has served as the highest leader since 2012, the authorities have strengthened the suppression of human rights lawyers, feminist groups and other activists. Although it is not clear about the right of homosexuality, Xi Jinping emphasizes the values of Confucianism on order and obedience, that is, citizens must abide by the traditional gender role.
In 2016, China banned television programs and movies. In 2020, the Shanghai Pride Festival announced the suspension of unlimited time, and indirectly mentioned that it was due to security concerns.
Beijing, Tsinghua University Gate. Gilles Sabrie for the New York Times
In 2021, it was called a turning point by activists. China's hottest application WeChat suddenly deleted the LGBTQ organization account operated by at least a dozen universities.
One of the accounts is operated by Purple, a community where Ms. Huang and Ms. Li are located, and there are more than 300 members of Tsinghua. All the articles written by its members -about sex education, coming out to family, and mental health -disappeared overnight.
Ms. Huang worked hard to help the sad friends. "Although many things make people feel hopeless, each of us has to live, we will be brave this night," she sends a message to everyone.
Ms. Huang and Ms. Li came from the very different world, because they became friends because they were studying in the same university. Li reads a foreign language school in Wuhan City, central China. Her classmates dared to stand up in political classes, and accused the teacher who claimed that homosexuality was a disease discrimination, and she explored her gender identity in such an environment.
Huang's family is not so superior. She is from a small city in Jilin Province, northeast of China. Childhood is raised by her grandmother most of the time. When discovering a female character on TV, she realized that she was a homosexual, but she did not dare to mention it to the vast majority of students.
Participate in the proud running during the Shanghai Pride Festival in 2020. Soon after, the Shanghai Proud Festival announced the suspension of the operation indefinitely, and indirectly mentioned that it was due to security concerns. ALY Song/Reuters
In front of his parents, Huang Li basically kept the image of a good girl. Listening to them, his academic performance was excellent. But at high school, they and their parents had a fierce quarrel on the outbreak of homosexuality, and since then, they have been avoiding the topic of coming out with them.
Both want to get freedom after coming to Tsinghua. Purple has become their core social circle, a entrance to many new ideas. The community will show European films that talk about homosexual labor actionism.
advertise
Purple gave them an ambition. A member was risky infected with HIV, and Ms. Huang helped him go outside school for testing. They carefully practiced actionism, such as presented flowers to women employees on the school on the day of Women's Day. In order to express their opposition to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, they went to eat a goose pot -because in Chinese, "goose" and "Russia" are the same.
Later, on May 14 last year -on the eve of a Chinese comrades in China, they put 10 rainbow flags on the table in a supermarket in the school, with two lines of small characters next to them: "Please take yourself ~#Pride".
Ms. Li and Ms. Huang showed the rainbow flag displayed in Tsinghua Campus Supermarket. Christine huang
The two said that school officials broke into their bedroom that night. Later school Explanation In the written documents of the reason for punishment, they are accused of "adverse effects".
The school insisted that the two did not apply for approval before distributing the banner, and accused Ms. Huang of the school staff who scolded and insulted their confrontation with her, and also shared their names and positions on WeChat. Ms. Huang admits that she has published her name, but denies that she has abuse. A representative of Tsinghua University did not respond to the comments request.
This punishment caused them to be suspended for six months and increased their difficulty in applying for graduate students in China.
advertise
Ms. Li, who is mainly based on history, is trying to go abroad to start a new life and hopes to study graduate degree from foreign universities.
Ms. Huang, who mainly practiced sociology, recently wrote a letter to her parents, and asked them Chen Ming's sexual orientation. In case the police found her parents, she intends to send them the photo of the letter.
I was admitted to Tsinghua Tsinghua to make Ms. Huang a topic figure in her hometown, making her family dream come true. Now that she will graduate in a month, she will graduate, and the employment prospects are not good. She hopes to work in LGBTQ non -profit organization, but she knows that the choice is getting smaller and smaller.
In February, Huang Li said the Ministry of Education, because protesting their encounters through the judicial system seemed to be the safest way.
Ms. Li and Ms. Huang sued the Ministry of Education and asked the school to cancel the sanction of the Rainbow Flag to show them. They believe that protesting their encounters with litigation is the safer way. Gilles Sabrié Forthe New York Times
There were no response three months after the lawsuit was submitted, so they took a lawyer to the court on May 24, and as a result, they learned that the case would not be accepted from a judge. According to the two, the judge said that he would not make a written explanation, but mentioned that related regulations prohibit the acceptance of lawsuits that endanger national security or national unity.
They intend to challenge this decision and exhaust all legal means, although they know what the result may be.
advertise
"Even if this law cannot give us fairness or to us," Ms. Li said, "We must record in the form of this document to record that we have existed, worked hard, and fight."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230605/rainbow-flags-china-lgbtq/ 
Qibing Sen Robinson's victory 10 points alone The Heat Championship equalizes the gold block 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T06:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T05:35:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Denver, 4th) The Heat Bench Strange Bingson scored 10 points in the last 5 shots of the last quarter to help the team reverse the battle. The victory of the second game of the NBA Championship in 111-108 and 1 than 1 to the series 1 Type the battle.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In the U.S. Professional Basketball NBA Championship, Miami Hot Fire first hit the fate and won only two free throws. Therefore, he lost to Dan Buddha Gold Bag. Today, the two teams continued to play in the second game of the Golden Block.
After the Heat kicked off, the 7-0 climax was pulled out, and after cutting into the jumper in Jimmybutler, it led a two -digit number with 21 to 10. Even though the first section of the gold block played a 6-0 offensive chase, the Heat relied on MaxStrus to lead 12 points in 7 shots and scored 12 points, and still led 26-23.
The second section of gold blocks, Jeff Green, Jamal Murray, and Aarongordon have soared into a three -pointer, and the two -digit leading advantage was held, and in Brown's Leading 15 points after scoring. Although the Heat cut into layup at the Gabevincent, it once reduced the difference to 5 points, but the gold block scored 13 points and 8 players in Nikolajokic. In the first half, led 57 to 51 in the first half.
After the start of the second half, the Heat equalized the score twice with Bam Adebayo, and the gold block could pull the score again. When Kylelowry scored three -pointers, and the Heat narrowed back to two points, Jakich first completed the "3 -point hit", then scored two points, then made two penalties, 6 points in a row, individuals scored 6 points in a row, and individuals scored 6 points in a row. After the gold block was completed in 3 knots, it maintained a leading lead with 83 to 75.
In the last quarter, the golden blocks made a mistake in the last quarter, and the Heat jumped to a three -pointer after cutting three -pointers, and then leaped at the Duncanrobinson to make a layup and Wenton's two free throws will expand. At the end of the game, after Mo Rui entered the three -pointer, it reduced the backwardness to 3 points, but Adeba made all two free throws, helping the Heat to lead a 5 -point lead. On the occasion of Jakich scored two points and only 3 points left, Merry's whistle failed to hit, and the hot heating eventually took away the victory with a three -point difference.
The Heat won today. In the 7th game and 4 wins, the championship game is 1: 1 draw. The two teams will play in the 3rd game at the Highlight at home on the 8th.
Vinson scored 4 three -pointers in this campaign, scored 23 points in the hottest team, and Batler had 21 points and 9 assists. Ada was about 21 points and 9 rebounds. Rus scored 14 points, and the 10 points scored by the substitute Robinson were scored in the fourth quarter of the decisive victory.
The Golden Block Bokic scored a maximum of 41 points in the audience today and scored 11 rebounds. Merry scored 18 points and sent 10 assists. Brown scored 12 points and 11 points from Gordon and bench.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230605-%E5%A5%87%E5%85%B5%E7%BD%97%E5%AE%BE%E6%A3%AE%E5%86%B3%E8%83%9C%E8%8A%82%E7%8B%AC%E6%8B%BF10%E5%88%86-%E7%83%AD%E7%81%AB%E6%80%BB%E5%86%A0%E5%86%9B%E8%B5%9B%E6%89%B3%E5%B9%B3%E9%87%91%E5%9D%97 
U.S. bank capital requirements may be reduced by 20% (Free Version) 
Author: Andrew Ackerman
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T06:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T06:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T04:43:00.000Z
Description: According to the provisions of the proposed implementation, banks that rely on handling fees are the situation where capital requirements are faced with a significant increase in capital requirements.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
U.S. regulators are preparing to force large banks to consolidate their own financial foundations. They believe that after a series of medium -sized bank failure this year, these measures will help the financial system become more indestructible.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%A7%E9%93%B6%E8%A1%8C%E8%B5%84%E6%9C%AC%E9%87%91%E8%A6%81%E6%B1%82%E5%8F%AF%E8%83%BD%E4%B8%8A%E8%B0%8320-974011c5 
Jet fighter chasing a small aircraft over the capital Washington, and the small plane crashed later 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T06:29:53+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 17:03:46Z
Description: U.S. officials said that the U.S. authorities emerged several jet fighters to pursue a light aircraft that violated the leading air in the Washington Special Administrative Region and then crashed in the mountainous areas southwest of Virginia.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/jet-fighters-chase-small-plane-in-washington-dc-area-before-it-crashes/7122593.html 
Small planes violated Washington airspace and crashed after being chased by fighters 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T06:58
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:10
Description: On Sunday of the United States (June 4), the F-16 jet fighter was emergencyly chasing a light aircraft that violated the Washington SAR, and the light aircraft crashed after the light aircraft. There is no one in the plane. Reuters reports that the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) said that one can be available ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '华盛顿', '战斗机', '飞机', '飞机坠毁']
On Sunday of the United States (June 4), the F-16 jet fighter was emergencyly chasing a light aircraft that violated the Washington SAR, and the light aircraft crashed after the light aircraft. There is no one in the plane.
Reuters reports that the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) said that a CESSNACITATION aircraft equipped with seven to 12 passengers was chased by the fighter and crashed in the mountainous area of southwestern Virginia. A U.S. official said the crash of the plane was not caused by fighter jets.
CNN quoted the news that there were four people on the plane.
According to the Flight Aware information of the flight tracking website, the registrar of the aircraft was ENCORE MOTORS in Melbourne, Britain, Florida.
The boss of Ecola, Lenpel, told the Washington Post that his daughter, granddaughter and nanny were on the plane.
The incident took place at 3:30 pm on the same day (Singapore Monday 3:30 am). According to the FAA statement, the plane took off from the city of Elizabeton, Tennessee, and originally scheduled to fly to Long Island, New York. The FAA and the National Transport Safety Commission will jointly investigate the incident.
According to the flight tracking website Flight Aware information, the aircraft seemed to turn his head after arriving in New York, turned close to 180 degrees, and finally flew to Virginia.
According to a source who is familiar with the incident, when the plane broke into the Washington Special Economic Zone, he was believed to be in a state of autonomous driving. The authorities tried to talk to the pilot, but did not get any response.
Residents in Washington and Suburb reported that they heard the deafening sounds, and windows and walls were shaking, and the public asked on social media what happened.
U.S. officials said that Sonic Boom's sound explosion (Sonic Boom) was generated by fighters during supersonic flight. The Fire Department of Washington Special Administrative Region and the Safety and Emergency Management Department said that there are currently no threats or emergencies.
Although pilots did not respond to the call of the authorities, although it was rare, it was not unprecedented. In 1999, Golf player Paynestewart was killed in an airplane accident. At that time, the pilots and four passengers including Shiduo did not respond to the author's call. The plane crashed thousands of miles after flying over thousands of miles.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401249 
Apple will publish the first MR headset device to enter the Yuan universe 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T07:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T06:35:01+00:00
Description: (France -France -France -France, San Francisco, 4th) Apple is expected to publish the expensive mixed reality (MR) heading device in the 2023 Global Developer Conference (WWDC) tomorrow. Meta, the parent company of Facebook.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Apple Inc (Apple Inc) will not respond to their relevant reports on the extension reality (AR) or virtual reality (VR) wearing devices at the conference where they will be held tomorrow (Taiwan time).
Apple's expected head -off device will become the company's most important product since the company's smart watch Apple Watch in 2015.
Apple's first MR header device may also make Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, and MARKZUCKERBERG, the chief CEO of Meta. Aspects of assets and relationships with China.
Wedbush analyst Daniel Ives said in an analysis report that the outside world will display Apple's REALITYPRO headsets with a price of about $ 3,000 on the WWDC stage and created for it for it. Software holds high expectations.
"We think Apple's Reality Pro will be equipped with many applications and use cases."
Cook also expected to talk about Apple's strategy in artificial intelligence (AI). The artificial intelligence has been attracted much attention since the new company OpenAI published a chat robot at the end of last year.
According to Evs, Apple's headquarters in Cupertino has been developing this headquarters for many years, which will focus on games, streaming movies, meetings, and health and fitness.
This heading device is expected to be closely connected with other devices of Apple, following Apple's use of high -quality hardware to make customers inseparable from the apple ecosystem strategy.
The market research institution "Insider Intelligence" chief analyst Yorywurmser, "Integrity, said: Apple wants to release a product that feels more like a designer glasses, not a game, not a game. Wear devices, but this product is large. "
"Apple hopes to hand over its device to the early users and developers. They will construct a hybrid reality ecosystem centered on Apple software."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%BC%A4%E7%BA%B7%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C/20230605-%E8%8B%B9%E6%9E%9C%E5%B0%86%E5%8F%91%E8%A1%A8%E9%A6%96%E6%AC%BEmr%E5%A4%B4%E6%88%B4%E8%A3%85%E7%BD%AE-%E8%BF%9B%E5%86%9B%E5%85%83%E5%AE%87%E5%AE%99 
Saudi Arabia ’s extra oil reduction in July reduced 1 million barrels daily 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T07:26
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:11
Description: Saudi Arabia will reduce 1 million barrels of oil supply every day in July to boost the sluggish oil prices. Reuters reports that the Saudi Energy Department announced on Sunday (June 4) that the oil output of Saudi Arabia in July will be reduced from about 10 million barrels per day in May to every ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['沙特阿拉伯', '石油', '石油输出国组织', '原油价格', 'OPEC+']
Saudi Arabia will reduce 1 million barrels of oil supply every day in July to boost the sluggish oil prices.
Reuters reports that the Saudi Energy Department announced on Sunday (June 4) that the oil output of Saudi Arabia in July will be reduced from about 10 million barrels per day in May to 9 million barrels per day. This is the biggest decline over the years.
Saudi Energy Minister Salman said that he would do his best to stabilize the market, and the reduction in production in July may also be extended.
Saudi Arabia announced that it would be voluntarily reduced out of production after meeting with OPEC+composed of Oil Alliance and other oil -producing countries; other member states agreed to extend the voluntary production reduction agreement that was originally scheduled to end at the end of this year to the end of 2024.
The main winner of the talks is the United Arab Emirates. The daily output quota of the UAE will increase, but the daily output quotas of some African members will decrease.
According to Bloomberg, after Saudi Arabia promised to reduce production in July to stabilize the market, oil prices rose sharply.
Sett Sas's median crude oil rose nearly 5%to $ 75.06 per barrel (about S $ 101.40), while the price of Brent crude oil futures rose to $ 78.47 per barrel.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401253 
S & P 500 Index's short bets surge, and large technology stocks are uniquely favored 
Author: Hardika Singh
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T07:31:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T07:31:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T05:49:00.000Z
Description: Wall Street's decline in the US stock market has reached the highest level in more than a decade. The views on technology stocks are very different from this.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股市']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Wall Street's decline in the US stock market has reached the highest level in more than a decade. Views on technology stocks But it is very different from this.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%A0%87%E6%99%AE500%E6%8C%87%E6%95%B0%E7%A9%BA%E5%A4%B4%E6%8A%BC%E6%B3%A8%E6%BF%80%E5%A2%9E-%E5%A4%A7%E5%9E%8B%E7%A7%91%E6%8A%80%E8%82%A1%E7%8B%AC%E5%8F%97%E5%81%8F%E7%88%B1-4b0900ac 
Hundreds of people in Stockholm, Sweden, demonstrate against the counter -terrorism law 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T07:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T07:05:02+00:00
Description: (Stockholm, 4th), hundreds of people gathered today in Stockholm demonstration to protest the new anti -terrorism law formulated by Turkey to resolve Turkey's opposition to Sweden's joining the North Atlantic Convention (NATO).
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This demonstration is sponsored by a group close to the Kurds Workers' Party (PKK). The Kurds Workers' Party is regarded by Türkiye and its Western allies as terrorist organizations.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has so far obstructed Sweden to join NATO and has accused Sturgolm of the hedge of Kurds radicals.
In order to resolve his concerns, Sweden has regarded the "participation in terrorist organizations" as a crime through the new law.
"Alliance Against Nato" spokesman Tomaspetterson told AFP that the idea behind this law was "arrest, trial and victim", so that El section "allows Sweden to join NATO."
The protesters waved the banner of the Kudu workers' party and the slogan "Can't Say it to NATO."
Former Swedish parliamentarian Aminh Kakabaveh told AFP: "Join NATO for the Ali Duan for asking for."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E7%91%9E%E5%85%B8%E6%96%AF%E5%BE%B7%E5%93%A5%E5%B0%94%E6%91%A9%E6%95%B0%E7%99%BE%E4%BA%BA%E7%A4%BA%E5%A8%81%E6%8A%97%E8%AE%AE%E5%8F%8D%E6%81%90%E6%B3%95 
European stocks 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T08:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T07:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 5th) Under the circumstances of accidental reduction of oil in the Saudi Arabian Arabia, the major European stock markets opened today, continuing the global uptrend of the U.S. debt -lifting agreement.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The FTSE 100 Index, England rose 0.5%shortly after the opening to 7645.44 points.
In the euro area, the DAX index of Frankfurt, Germany rose 0.3%to 16092.63 points; the CAC 40 index in Paris, France rose 0.1%to 7278.65 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230605-%E6%AC%A7%E8%82%A1%E5%BC%80%E9%AB%98 
Russia calls the major counterattack of Ukraine 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T08:22
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:58
Description: The Russian Ministry of Defense said that the Russian army defeated Ukraine's major counterattack in Ukraine in southern Ukraine, and hundreds of parent auxiliary troops were killed. Reuters reported that the Russian Ministry of Defense issued a statement on Monday (June 5) on the TELEGRAM in the instant messaging saying that Ukraine Monday ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '坦克', '火灾', '无人机']
The Russian Ministry of Defense said that the Russian army defeated Ukraine's major counterattack in Ukraine in southern Ukraine, and hundreds of parent auxiliary troops were killed.
Reuters reported that the Russian Ministry of Defense issued a statement on Monday (June 5) on TELEGRAM in the instant messaging that Ukraine had dispatched six mechanized infantry battalions and two tank battalions on Sunday for counterattacks.
The statement said: "On the morning of June 4th, the enemy launched a large -scale counterattack in the five areas of the front line of the Soutonhnc."
Reuters cannot immediately verify Russia's claims. Ukraine did not immediately comment on the Russian statement.
On the other hand, Granco, Governor of Belgor, Russia, said that a drone attacked a energy facility in the state in the early morning of Monday Monday morning, causing fire.
Grankov said in Telegram: "A fire in a energy facilities in Belgore. Preliminary investigations showed that fire caused by an explosion device dropped from a drone."
He said the attack did not cause casualties.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401258 
Why is it difficult to "thaw" in the short term of US -China relations in the short term? 
Creator: NICOLE HONG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-05T08:31:35+08:00
Description: Despite returning to the negotiating table on some issues, the Chinese government's attitude is getting harder. Beijing expressed doubts about Washington's sincerity, adopted measures to fight back to the US technical export control, and also asked to cancel sanctions against Chinese officials. Manish Swarup/Associated Press Beijing rejected the invitation of the United States Minister of Defense Li Shangfu and US Secretary of Defense Louger at the Singapore Security Forum this weekend.
Images: [" 00china-us-pl... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 In the past few weeks, the frequent meeting of US -China officials seems to indicate that the two countries are trying to ease tension. Prior to this, China and the United States complained about each other and stopped high -level contact for several months, which caused people to worry about the risk of conflict -whether the conflict was due to accidents or other reasons.
The earliest US National Security Consultant Sarawan met with Wang Yi, the highest diplomat in Vienna in May this year. Then the first cabinet -level talks of the highest business officials in the two countries in Washington for several months. The Chinese Ambassador to the United States also arrived in Washington last week, and finally filled the positions that had been vacant since January this year.
However, while Beijing returned to the negotiating table on some issues, the Chinese government also came up with a more tough attitude, allowing President Biden President Biden to predict the US -China relations last month " Trust "It becomes more complicated. China’s sincerity of Washington Expressing doubt , And adopted its own restrictions to fight back to the US technical export control, and also required the United States to cancel sanctions against Chinese officials.
The Pentagon said this week that Beijing rejected the invitation of the United States Minister of Defense Li Shangfu and US Secretary of Defense Louger Austin at the Singapore Security Conference this weekend. Last Friday, a Chinese fighter was approaching an American reconnaissance aircraft over the South China Sea. It passed directly from the head of the US aircraft. The U.S. military described this operation as "no need to fight."
advertise
"China often regards senior leaders who contact it as a reward for obedience, rather than creating a tool for stable or solving differences," Tang An Zhu, who once served as an official in China in the United States(DrewThompson)He said that he is now a researcher at the School of Public Policy, the National University of Singapore. "If you want to arrange a meeting, you must accept the conditions of China."
The Pentagon said that China refused to allow the two countries to meet at the Shangri -La dialogue held in Singapore this week. It was a "worrying" example that Beijing was unwilling to contact military issues. Li Shangfu has been the Minister of Defense in March this year. Since 2018, he has been sanctioned by the United States for purchasing military equipment from Russia. Pentagon officials said these sanctions did not prevent Li Shangfu from meeting with Austin.
However, China believes that sanctioning Chinese officials has an improvement in the relationship between the two countries. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said that Washington should terminate the sanctions against Li Shangfu and "create the necessary atmosphere and conditions for the conversation between the Sino -US military and the United States." She reiterated China's position on Tuesday that if Washington wants to restore the dialogue between the two armies, she should "immediately correct the wrong practice."
Shen Dingli, a professor of international relations at Shanghai Fudan University, said that China does not want to meet with American officials when they think they have lost dignity.
"We have to meet on the basis of mutual respect," Shen Dingli said. "We hope that the United States will be relieved of sanctions and seek compromise through concessions."
In recent years, the United States has imposed sanctions on some Chinese officials and companies, accusing them of violating human rights, engaging in technical spy activities, and a series of other issues.
The Asia -Pacific Economic Cooperation Organization Annual Forum will be held in San Francisco in November this year. People will closely pay attention to whether Bayeng and Chinese leader Xi Jinping will meet during the forum. Base. Although both governments have expressed their desire to stop the relationship between the relationship between the two parties, (in February this year, the United States shot down a suspected Chinese spy balloon The flying objects worsen the relationship), but the motivation for improving the relationship between the two parties is not consistent.
Austin, Minister of Commerce Raymond, and Secretary of State Brillings at the US -China relations hearing held in May of the Senate. Andrew Harnik/Associated Press
U.S. officials want to establish a smooth communication channel with China. As the military aircraft interception incidents were shown last week, the army of the two countries often patrolled in a controversial area (such as the South China Sea), increasing the risk of accidental conflict. Austin said on Thursday that some activities of China in international airspace and waters are "provocative." (Beijing accuses US aircraft and ships from being too close to the Chinese border.)
Biden suggested setting up a "guardrail" to prevent the sudden turn of the US -China competition. However, Chinese officials rejected the suggestion that it was the efforts of Washington to curb and suppress China.
advertise
"No dialogue brings unacceptable risks to both parties," Ge Laiyi, Director of the Asian Project Director of the Marshall Foundation in the United States(BonnieGlaser)Said, including the risk of "conflict on the Taiwan issue".
The United States has also seen the potential of deeper cooperation with China to reduce climate change and reduce the debt of poor countries. These two competitors are more likely to find things in common in these fields instead of sensitive military and security.
President Biden suggested to set up a "guardrail" for fierce competition between the United States and China to prevent unintentional conflicts. Doug Mills/The New York Times
Biden's climate special envoy Kerry said last month that China had invited him to "recently" visit. Minister of Finance Yellen was also in April this year Represents She hopes to visit China and call for the establishment of an economic relationship of "constructive" and "healthy".
For China, restarting trade negotiations with the United States can help domestic economic recovery. After implementing the three -year strict "new crown and clear zero" policy, China's economic recovery this year is not balanced, and export growth has slowed down. The situation of geopolitical tensions, coupled with the government's attention to national security, leading to an uncertain business environment Essence
"What we want to discuss is how to export to the United States without harming US national security and how the United States enters the Chinese market without respecting China," said Shen Dingli of Fudan University.On Tuesday, Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang and Musk met the Chinese government's point of view when meeting with Musk, that is, the "health, stability, and constructive" Sino -US relations are beneficial to the two countries and the world. Qin Gang said that the two countries need to know when to "step on the brakes" in the development of good development to avoid "dangerous driving" and when to "step on the accelerator".
Tesla CEO Elon Musk is in Beijing this week. After implementing the three -year epidemic prevention and control measures, China has always tried to indicate that it has returned to normal. Tingshu Wang/Reuters
The Biden government announced in October last year to prevent China from getting key technologies in the United States (Such as semiconductor) comprehensive restrictions, China may also feel the pressure on contact with the United States in order to resist these measures. China was angry with the efforts of Washington and the Netherlands such as Japan and the Netherlands to cut off the export chips to China. The American approach has damaged the Chinese economy.
The Chinese government announced last week that some companies are prohibited from purchasing American micro -chip manufacturers Meiguang Technology Products, this seems to be a revenge in analysts.
advertise
"When China talks about a stable relationship, it is often more for the United States to reduce the strategic pressure on China," Han Lei, who once served as the director of the Chinese Affairs of the National Security Council in the Bush administration and the Obama administration,(PaulHaenle)explain. "They want the United States to stop sanctions and cancel export control."
Even if the negotiations are restarted, some problems may be difficult or unsolved. Washington has repeatedly warned that if China provides a fatal weapon for Ukraine War in the Ukrainian war, it will lead to serious consequences. Analysts say that the political actions against China may restrict the space for the Bayeng government to reconcile efforts.
A comment article published by the Communist Party's main newspaper "People's Daily" last week stated that Ambassador Xie Feng arrived in Washington on May 23 and "pulled back the tension from the edge of the cliff, which signs signs of relaxation in Sino -US relations."
However, the article also accused the US decision makers of destroying the relationship between the two countries, saying that the improvement of the relationship depends on whether Washington is willing to "avoid damage to mutual trust, avoid misunderstanding of misjudgment, and take specific steps to fulfill their promises."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230602/china-us-relations-thaw/ 
After 51 hours of collision in the Indian train, the train returned to driving 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T08:32:06+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T08:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, India, India, 5th) After India's worst train accident in the past decades, the passenger and freight shifts at the scene of the crime resumed today. Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The 3rd train collided near the town of Balasore, Odisha, eastern India on the evening of the 2nd, causing nearly 300 deaths and hundreds of people injured. The train is now beside the broken carriage.
Officials initially reported that 288 people died, but the Orisa Provincial Government had repaired the number of deaths to 275, because some of the remains were repeatedly calculated.
The authorities said yesterday that 382 of the 1175 wounded were still hospitalized.
However, many people are worried that the number of deaths may increase, because many people in the hospital have serious injuries.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E5%8D%B0%E5%BA%A6%E7%81%AB%E8%BD%A6%E7%9B%B8%E6%92%9E51%E5%B0%8F%E6%97%B6%E5%90%8E-%E5%88%97%E8%BD%A6%E6%81%A2%E5%A4%8D%E8%A1%8C%E9%A9%B6 
What's wrong with the Indian railway of more than a thousand casualties in the train accident? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T08:39:00Z
Description: India's worst train accident has been injured and 275 people died for decades in the past decades. The preliminary investigation results show that the matter is related to the interference of the train signal or criminal suspicion. What's wrong with the safety of Indian railway traffic?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['印度']
Keywords: ['印度', '铁路', '火车', '莫迪']
Id: 65825255
The 3rd train collision accident occurred in India on the 3rd, which is the worst train accident in the country for decades
(Voice of Germany) Indian Train accident As a result, nearly 1,500 casualties are the worst train accidents in decades. The Central Bureau OFINSTIGATION announced the preliminary investigation results on Sunday (June 4) showed that the "fundamental reason" was "disturbed" due to the "electronic lock system".
The "electronic linkage system" is a complex signal system that is responsible for arranging the operation and mobilization of the train on the track to prevent the train from colliding.
The train accident occurred near Balasore, Odisha, on June 2, and the three train collided. Local reports said that at the time of the incident, the high -speed passenger train "Coromandelexpress" received a signal that entered the main track, and the signal was then withdrawn. train. The collision of the two trains caused several cars in the Cordonist Express to the other track and hit the third-column passenger train "YESVANTPUR-HOWRAH Express".
*#
Indian severe train collision accident The family members of the victims are still difficult to find the remains of loved ones 
Thousand people were injured and 275 people died 
The accident occurred on Friday evening, more than 200 kilometers southwest of Kolkata, a rural area. There are currently 275 people who are killed, but this number may still increase. The number of injuries reached 1,200, and nearly 400 people were treated in the hospital on Monday. The preliminary investigation believes that the cause of the accident may be signal errors.
*#
Indian severe train collision accident The family members of the victims are still difficult to find the remains of loved ones 
Rescuers no longer look forward to finding the survivors 
Rescue work is expected to be until Wednesday, and no longer hopes to find more survivors. This is one of the worst train accidents in India.
*#
Indian severe train collision accident The family members of the victims are still difficult to find the remains of loved ones 
50 hours later 
After the accident, at least 123 trains passing through the location were canceled. However, the Indian Ministry of Communications said on Monday that the place of incident on Sunday night had been partially opened, and a cargo train carried a cargo train had passed. Hundreds of people had previously cleaned up the wreckage of the scene.
*#
Indian severe train collision accident The family members of the victims are still difficult to find the remains of loved ones 
identifying the victims 
According to the "Indian Times"(Times of India)It is reported that the families of the victims are looking for and identifying the remains of their loved ones in multiple lobby halls, and some remains are difficult to identify. Some can only be confirmed by DNA detection.
*#
Indian severe train collision accident The family members of the victims are still difficult to find the remains of loved ones 
Three train collision 
According to reports, a passenger train left the main track during driving, and collided with a parked cargo train at a speed of 128 kilometers at a speed of 128 kilometers. It collided with another passenger train that was 126 kilometers per hour on the opposite direction of another main track.
*#
Indian severe train collision accident The family members of the victims are still difficult to find the remains of loved ones 
India several severe train accidents many times 
India, with a population of about 1.4 billion, has one of the world's largest railway transportation networks, but it is also a long time. The Indian government has a lot of investment in high -speed trains. However, there are still many trains and rail facilities that have disrupted for a long time and need to be updated urgently. According to the "Indian Times" report, the most serious accident in the past was in 1981, and at least 800 people were killed. The collision in 1995 also killed at least 350 people.
*#
Indian severe train collision accident The family members of the victims are still difficult to find the remains of loved ones 
Test of security discussion 
The accident once again triggered a discussion on the safety of Indian railways. In all parts of the world, leaders of many countries have issued mourning and condolences, such as President Bynden and British Prime Minister Sunak. German Chancellor Savz also said that he was shocked, and his thoughts were together with the dead and his family members.
Author: Diana HODALI
The Indian authorities said that the on -site rescue had been completed. After two remains, the number of deaths was repaired from 288 to 275, and it should not be raised again. 260 people are still being treated, and one of the patients are in critical condition. The Indian Central Investigation Bureau stated that it has ruled out that the matter is related to the negligence of the train driver.
The Indian Times reported that although the results of the preliminary investigation showed that the accident was suspected of criminal, the Indian Railway Minister Ashwinivaishnaw did not mention deliberate damage and only told the media that the railway safety commissioner has found that the number of deaths and the accident have been found. The reason will be submitted in detail soon.
Waishino said, "According to preliminary investigations, people suspected of interfere with the electronic locking system are criminals." However, before the final investigation report was released, he should not disclose too much information. This incident will be transferred to appropriate investigation agencies for processing.
Indian about 75%of the accidents are caused by derailment 
India has one of the world's largest and busiest railway networks, and tragic accidents have once again aroused the outside world's attention railway safety issues Essence
In 1999, the two trains of the West Bangladesh collided, causing 285 people to die; in 2010, a passenger train of the same state was derailed and hit by another freight train, and 145 people died. In 2016, a passenger train slipped out The orbit causes 160 people to die.
Although the final investigation of the accident has not yet been released, experts have accused that the broken infrastructure in India has led to many train accidents and questioned the funds for train maintenance and rail renewal.
According to government statistics, 163 from 217 from 2017 to 2018 and 2020 to 2021 were caused by derailment from derailment, accounting for about 75%of the accident.
The report submitted to the parliament in December last year showed that one of these accidents is that the railway track lacks maintenance, reduces funds for rail renewal, or is not fully utilized. More importantly, people have a serious shortage of manpower -especially in the safety of rail safety -expressed concerns, and many departments have positions vacancies.
The Indian authorities say that the accident rescue has been completed
Modernization at the cost of security? 
In the past few years, the Modi government has been trying to introduce high -speed and automated trains to stimulate Railway modernization Including a plan to achieve 100%electrification of the railway by 2024, as well as the carbon neutralization of railway networks by 2030.
Earlier this year, the German engineering giant Siemens obtained huge orders for India to manufacture 1,200 electric trains, and Japan's professional technology has been commissioned to provide technology and funds to assist the construction of the first bullet train.
Economic analyst Mkenu questioned in an interview with DW: "If the Modi government has achieved a number of growth in the modernization and expansion of the railway network, and capital expenditure has increased unprecedentedly, will security investment increase proportionally? "
Indian Prime Minister Modi went to inspect the accident scene on the 3rd
: Increase can be avoided 
Due to the accident, the Indian government faced the severe criticism of the opposition party. Many public opinion called on the Minister of Railway Waisino to resign.
Former Indian Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee criticized that she proposed to install a train anti -collision device during his tenure. At that time, if the device was successfully installed, it would have been avoiding this fatal regret.
The Hindustantimes reported that the opposition politician inspected the accident on the 3rd that the Indian Railway Ministry had no independent budget, and the railway did not receive special concerns caused by special attention. As a result, the accident had surfaced. Call for India to pay special attention to the railway network.
In response, Vaishno responded on the 4th that the collision anti -anti -collision system mentioned by Bannajib was "nothing to do" with the cause of the accident, and said that the former minister's speech was "based on her limited knowledge".
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/火車事故釀逾千傷亡-印度鐵路出了什麼問題？/a-65825255?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The effectiveness of China's energy green transformation is not reflected in the stock price (Free Version) 
Author: Jacky Wong
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T08:40:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T08:40:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T07:27:00.000Z
Description: China is close to achieving magnificent wind and solar development goals in 2025. The vigorous development of China's renewable energy industry is good news for the earth, but it is half a bit of worries for investors.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000945149
Type: Article
Competitive China Ambition of the Development of Renewable Energy Industry It is about to usher in a high time. However, investors of Chinese green power stocks are preparing to deal with a more difficult environment.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E8%83%BD%E6%BA%90%E7%BB%BF%E8%89%B2%E8%BD%AC%E5%9E%8B%E7%9A%84%E6%88%90%E6%95%88%E6%9C%AA%E8%83%BD%E4%BD%93%E7%8E%B0%E5%9C%A8%E8%82%A1%E4%BB%B7%E4%B8%8A-1a6c974c 
Taiwanese businessmen enter the west- "business environment" and "free version" 
Authors: ['李瀚明']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T08:52:54+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-04T12:08:99+08:00
Description: Li Hanming: The development and opening up of Taiwanese businessmen in the west and the Yangtze River Delta laid the two largest exported towns in the country today.
Images: [" 000180749_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '两岸关系', '昆山', '制造业', '台湾', '长三角']
Type: Article
 [Editor's note] With the continuous development of China's local capital, China's situation in foreign investment has also changed. China's local capital is gradually forming its own multinational brands, and this brand effect has begun to achieve results in stable exports and foreign trade performance. To this end, FT Chinese Network recently organized the "Road to China's Foreign Trade Transformation" topic. In the next series of articles, we will tell how representative companies in different provinces in China will form their own multinational brands in different segments in different segments. Essence Edit, contact Yan MAN.YAN@ftchinese.com. 
In the previous article, we mentioned that in the 1980s, we walked through the Luohu Bridge with their homes and came to Hong Kong businessmen in the Mainland. They cooperated with all walks of life in the Mainland to start a geese array of industrial transfer in China from the model of the "front shop and behind the factory".
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099848 
Volkswagen searches for resources, trying to get rid of the dependence on Chinese battery components (Free Version) 
Author: William Boston
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T07:39:00.000Z
Description: Volkswagen is looking for supply around the world to reduce the dependence of the battery of electric vehicles sold by the company in the United States and Europe.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Mass(Volkswagen, Vow.xe)A senior managers said the company is looking for supply around the world from Canada to Indonesia to reduce the dependence of batteries of electric vehicles sold in the United States and Europe.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%A4%A7%E4%BC%97%E6%B1%BD%E8%BD%A6%E5%9B%9B%E5%A4%84%E6%90%9C%E5%AF%BB%E8%B5%84%E6%BA%90-%E5%8A%9B%E5%9B%BE%E6%91%86%E8%84%B1%E5%AF%B9%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%94%B5%E6%B1%A0%E9%83%A8%E4%BB%B6%E7%9A%84%E4%BE%9D%E8%B5%96-168b6fdb 
Zelei commemorates the death of Ukrainian children in Russia 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (普劳, 弗恩·鲁滨逊)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:00:19+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 01:00:19Z
Description: Ukrainian President Zelezzky in his speech on Sunday in memory of children who have died since 2014 "in Russia's aggression", including a 2 -year -old girl in the Dieber area on Saturday night.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/latest-in-ukraine-zelenskyy-remembers-ukrainian-children-killed-in-russian-attacks-/7122947.html 
Australian women involved in killing young sons and was forgiven after being sentenced to 20 years in prison 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T08:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Sydney 5th) Australian authorities said today that a woman has been sentenced to prison for his suspected killing of 4 young sons 20 years ago, but the latest in recent years has confirmed that the cause of death and rare gene mutations or congenital nature of these children are confirmed in recent years. It is related to overthrow this major judgment.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Kathleen Megan Folbigg was imprisoned in 2003 for three murders and one loses.
Prosecutors advocated that Fubig's dull age was from four young children from 9 weeks to 3 years old, but Fubig always insisted that he was innocent and said that each child died naturally.
Until 2021, dozens of Australian and foreign scientists jointly signed a petition to demand Fiberg, and said that the latest evidence showed that these children died unknown causes, which was actually related to rare gene mutations or congenital abnormalities.
Michaeldaley, Chief Prosecutor, New South Wales, said that the investigation launched in May last year established a "reasonable doubt" of these crimes; Fiberg had been forgiven.
Dali said today: "Based on justice, Fubig should be released as soon as possible."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E6%BE%B3%E6%B4%B2%E5%A6%87%E5%A5%B3%E6%B6%89%E6%9D%80%E5%B9%BC%E5%AD%90%E9%81%AD%E5%88%A4%E5%88%91-20%E5%B9%B4%E5%90%8E%E6%B4%97%E7%99%BD%E8%8E%B7%E8%B5%A6%E5%85%8D 
Secretary -General of NATO: Sweden enrolled or reached before July NATO Summit 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:15
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:18
Description: NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said that Sweden's application for NATO may be reached before the NATO will be reached next month. Reuters reported that Stoltenberg said on Sunday (June 4) after meeting with Turkish President Erdogan that Turkey, Sweden and Finland officials ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['北约', '土耳其', '瑞典', '埃尔多安']
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said that Sweden's application for NATO may be reached before the NATO will be reached next month.
Reuters reports that Stoltenberg said on Sunday (June 4) after meeting with Turkish President Erdogan that Turkish, Sweden and Finland officials will hold a meeting later this month, and will strive to change Turkey Oppose Sweden's position to join NATO. Hungary did not agree with Sweden applications.
Finland has been preceded in Sweden, the 31st member country in NATO in March this year Essence
Political analysts previously believed that Erdogan has always tried to act as a middleman in Russia and the West, and he is unlikely to make a decision on Sweden before the Turkish presidential election.
Erdogan won the second round of voting in the second round of the presidential election on May 28, and sworn in last Saturday (June 3) , Extend his governance to the third decade. Stoltenberg attended Erdogan's inauguration and tried to persuade Erdogan to release Sweden to join NATO.
Stoltenberg emphasized in an interview with Reuters a few days ago that it is crucial that it is important to step up the agreement to make a Swedish agreement to join NATO before the NATO Vilnius Summit.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401268 
UBS is expected to complete the acquisition of Creditses on June 12th. 
Author: Pierre Bertrand
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T04:18:00.000Z
Description: UBS stated in a statement on Monday that after the acquisition is completed, Credit will be merged into UBS. Credit Suisse's stocks and US deposit stocks will be delisted from the Swiss Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000951136
Type: Article
UBS(UBS Group, UBS)It is said that it is expected to be completed(Credit Suisse Group,CS，CSGN.EB)The acquisition, and Creditkin's stock will be expected to be expected next week.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%91%9E%E9%93%B6%E9%A2%84%E8%AE%A1%E6%9C%80%E6%97%A9%E4%BA%8E6%E6%9C%8812%E6%97%A5%E5%AE%8C%E6%88%90%E5%AF%B9%E7%91%9E%E4%BF%A1%E7%9A%84%E6%94%B6%E8%B4%AD-a57d423d 
Although the former President of Corruption Panama has won the party's primary election, it will compete 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:20:04+00:00
Description: (AFP, Panama, 4th) Former Panama President Ricardo Martinelli won the party primary election today and has the right to seek another president in the next election. He was sentenced to 12 years in prison for him. Essence
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Martin Niansi served as president from 2009 to 2014, and was charged with national funds that illegally obtained from illegal income from 2010 to purchase most equity of "Editora Panamaamerica".
Last week, the prosecutor had been imprisoned for 12 years to him and 12 other defendants.
Nonetheless, Martin Nili still won the party primaries in the party's "Achieving Goals" today, which is the political party he founded in 2021.
The Election Commission stated that Martin Neli received 96%of the votes, but the voting rate was only 25%.
The Panama presidential election is scheduled to be held in May next year.
Prosecutors said Martin Nedi and others used a series of shell companies to obtain nearly $ 44 million from the national infrastructure contract.
It is said that Martin Nili subsequently used a part of the money to purchase a controlling stake in the "Panama America Publishing Company", and the social orientation of this media company's newspaper will help the interests of the former president.
Martinnelli is a Panama chain supermarket giant. He denied any illegal income and claimed that he was a victim of political conspiracy. The conspirator intends to prevent him from participating in the presidential election.
Martin Nili was investigated after he stepped down the presidential position and was investigated for many corruption scandals. He was charged with spines and misappropriation of public funds, but was not guilty for the second time in 2021. (Translator: Ji Jinling/Calculation: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E8%99%BD%E6%B6%89%E8%B4%AA%E8%85%90-%E5%B7%B4%E6%8B%BF%E9%A9%AC%E5%89%8D%E6%80%BB%E7%BB%9F%E8%B5%A2%E5%BE%97%E5%85%9A%E5%86%85%E5%88%9D%E9%80%89%E5%B0%86%E8%A7%92%E9%80%90%E5%A4%A7%E4%BD%8D 
Air Force pilot and female drone bombing team in Myanmar's "defect" 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:37:52.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:37:52.000Z
Description: More than two years after the coup, the Burmese military was facing a national armed uprising. Recently, they are increasingly using air strikes to attack the anti -military government forces, and this strategy has brought devastating consequences.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['缅甸', '军事', '女人']
Type: Article
The Air Force Pilot and Women's UAV Bombing Team of Burmese Burma 
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-65810200/P0FSBHT1/ZH-HnsS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-65810200/p0fsbht1/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support the playback multimedia materials The Air Force pilot and the female drone bombing team of Myanmar "defect" June 5, 2023 9:37 am on the morning
Russia is providing advanced fighters to the Burmese military and training their pilots how to use them in the war against their people.
More than two years after the coup, the Burmese military was facing a national armed uprising. Recently, they are increasingly using air strikes to attack the anti -military government forces, and this strategy has brought devastating consequences.
We follow the people who counterattack in the ground and the air to meet the military rebels and listen to them to analyze the strategies and psychology behind these deadly machines.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65810200 
Wang Dan Hot Post: Some explanations of the establishment of the June 4th Memorial Hall of New York 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:38:44-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:38:44-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 June 4th Memorial Museum in New York, USA The June 4th Memorial Hall is provided by the sea
On June 2nd, the June 4th Memorial Hall officially opened in New York. I know that some audience friends are very concerned about the relevant development of the memorial hall, and make some explanations here.
The first is the meaning of establishing a memorial hall. Everyone knows that in the spring of 1989, countless Chinese young people, in order to make China a democratic country, went to the streets to make a call. At that time, the Chinese had the opportunity to embark on the development of civilization and became a responsible big country in the international community. However, the gunfire on June 4th broke the dream of the Chinese people. Since then, China has embarked on a path of strong national strength but people without freedom. What happened in 1989 was not only China but also the world. When the world began to realize the Xi Jinping regime this morning, when the human civilization constitutes a threat, we should know that all this is from 1989. Therefore, the exciting democratic movement, and the ruthless suppression of the ruthless and ruthless suppression, not only is not only not only not only it is not only not only The turning point of China's democratic development is also the true origin of the global crisis. Such an incident not only connects the past and connects today and the future; the last incident feels that we deserve to all of us to remember, remember those who have giving life, the democratic dreams of the Chinese, and the efforts to give for it. Remember the true face of the Communist Party of China, this is why we build this memorial.
Secondly, I want to represent the preparatory committee of the Memorial Hall here, thank all those who support the establishment of the Memorial Hall again, thank you for your donation support and cultural relics gifts. Young volunteers. They were risked by the Chinese Communist Party authorities, and they worked hard during the construction of the museum, paid a lot of time and energy, and did not receive any remuneration. In my opinion, such a spirit of dedication, such enthusiasm, is the continuation of the spirit of eight or nine.
Third, on behalf of the Preparatory Committee of the Memorial Hall, I announced that the preparatory committee has decided to appoint Mr. Dahai as the curator. In the past year of more than a year, Mr. Yu Hai has played an excellent leadership ability and invested a large amount of time and energy. Without him, there would be no successful establishment of the June 4th Memorial Hall. The preparatory work will be over today. The planning and development of the Memorial Hall in the future will be fully responsible for the curator and his team. As the initiator and convener of the preparatory committee of the Memorial Hall, I think I have completed my staged task. In the future, as the chairman of the Memorial Hall Council, of course, I will do my best to assist the work of the Director of Dahai, but regarding any specific issues of the memorial hall, please go to our official website to contact the Dagai Museum. It is getting better and better.
Fourth, although the June 4th Memorial Hall has been established and received a lot of attention from the outside world, I personally maintain a cautious and optimistic attitude towards the future development of the memorial hall. Said to be cautious, because our current funds can only maintain the rent of up to two years. To allow the June 4th Memorial Museum to operate permanently, we also need continuous support from the outside world. The second-step fundraising goal of the June 4th Memorial Museum is $ 15 million to 2 million. If we can complete this goal, we can buy a space. Only in this way can the memorial can exist for a long time and carry out long -term planning. Therefore, applying an old saying, "The revolution has not yet succeeded, and comrades still need to work hard." We are willing to continue to move forward with supporters to preserve historical memory.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/wangdan/wd-06302022084404.html 
China Defense Minister Li Shangfu Shangri -La Dialogue released a comprehensive tough signal 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:44:37.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:44:37.000Z
Description: Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu explained the Chinese military's position on issues such as Taiwan and South China on multiple occasions on the Shangri -La dialogue.
Images: [" _129988630_ge... ", " _129967030_21... ", " _129975557_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['新加坡', '中美关系', '台湾', '亚洲', '军事']
Type: Article
China Defense Minister Lee Shangfu Shangri -La Dialogue released a comprehensive tough signal 
9:44 am on June 5, 2023![] Image source, AFP
Image adding text,
Li Shangfu served as the Minister of Defense in March.
Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu delivered a major speech at the Shangri -La dialogue after taking office. It mentioned that if a fierce conflict between China and the United States, it will be the "unbearable pain" in the world. 
At this summit in the field of security defense, Li Shangfu pointed out that "some countries" are intensifying arms competitions in Asia.
However, he said that the world is large enough and can accommodate the common development of China and the United States. The two superpowers should seek a win -win situation in cooperation.
In his speech, Li Shangfu did not mention the United States directly, but said that "some countries want to intervene in other domestic affairs and regional affairs."
He said that China "never" allows the United States to launch the "Color Revolution" and the agent war in multiple regions to repeat itself in the Asia -Pacific region.
The United States had previously accused the Chinese destroyer's "unsafe" operation when a US warship was approaching a US warship.
On Saturday (June 3), the U.S. Navy pointed out that a Chinese destroyer sailed near a U.S. warship "in an unsafe way. At that time, the US warships were passing the Taiwan Strait with Canadian ships.
China has criticized the United States and Canada to "intentionally create incidents, deliberately provoke risks, and maliciously destroy regional peace and stability." Meijia claims that he sails within the allowable range of international law.
In his speech, he said that China would not allow the United States and its allies to "sail hegemony in the name of navigation freedom" in the South China Sea.
Last week, Washington announced a video that the Chinese fighter plane approached the US military aircraft with the "unnecessary provocative" action in the South China Sea.
China "is not afraid of any opponent" on the issue of Taiwan 
When asked about the Taiwan Strait issue, Li Shangfu said that it was the tension of "foreign countries" intensifying the region.
He reiterated that the Taiwan issue is the core of China's "core interests", and any "blur" and a Chinese principle behavior is "absurd and dangerous."
 Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
The Taiwan issue has continued to become a contradiction in Sino -US relations.
He criticized the Taiwan Democratic Progressive Party to "conspire alone", and the external forces "controlled the Taiwan China" to interfere with China's internal affairs, saying that this was the root cause of the tension of the Taiwan Strait.
"We are willing to strive for peace and reunification with the greatest sincerity, but never promise to give up the use of force," Li Shangfu said. "If someone dares to split Taiwan from China, the Chinese army will not hesitate to be hesitant and not afraid of any opponent. No matter how much the price is paid, it will resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity. "
Criticizing the "Cold War Thinking" in the United States 
Li Shangfu, who served as China Defense Director in March this year, accused the United States of "Cold War Thinking" and "caused a great increase in security risks."
He mentioned the "Indo -Pacific Strategy" proposed by the United States, saying that China believes that any strategy can "draw lines with ideology" and build his military alliance with "threatening threat".
He also pointed out that the essence of trying to promote the "Asia -Pacific NATO" is to abduct the countries of the region and rendering conflict confrontation, which will only cause this area to fall into the vortex of tearing, disputes and conflicts.

Li Shangfu made the above remarks when attending the Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore. This is the only annual safety defense summit in the Asia -Pacific region.
The United States imposed sanctions on Li Shangfu on the issue of Russian weapons in 2018. In order to protest, Beijing has recently rejected the request for the dialogue between the two national defense ministers.
 Image source, How Hwee Young/EPA-EFE/Rex/Shutterstock
Image adding text,
Li Shangfu, the Chinese Defense Director, who was sanctioned by the United States in 2018, rejected the invitation to meet with the US Defense Minister Austin.
At the Singapore summit, US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin accused China of refusing to conduct military discussions.
Shangri -La dialogue between China and the United States is difficult to meet, and there are other issues to be solved Shangri -La Dialogue: China -US Defense Director shakes hands but has no "substantial communication", the United States calls Beijing to participate in the dialogue The first island chain: Bynden re -connected the breakout of Asian allies and China How to affect the small Macos' policy on China on the "side shoulders" The Philippines is unlikely to add four bases to the U.S. military to add four bases Austin and Li Yifu shake hands at the opening dinner of the summit on Friday (June 2) and talked briefly, but the report stated that there was no substantial communication.
A member of the Chinese delegation told AFP that the U.S. relief of sanctions against Li Shangfu was a prerequisite for dialogue.
Some experts said that neither the United States and China were interested in truly communicating with each other.
U.S. Defense Criticism criticized China 
Earlier, Austin delivered a speech entitled "The United States' Leadership in the Indo -Pacific Region" at the Shangri -La Dialogue Summit, which was "deeply concerned" about China's unwillingness to participate in military crisis management.
Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
US Secretary of Defense Austin said, "The more we talk about, the more you can avoid misunderstanding and misjudgment that may cause crisis or conflict."
He emphasized that the Taiwan Strait War will be devastating and will "affect the global economy in a way we can't imagine."
He criticized that China "alarmed the number of dangerous interceptions on the United States and allies aircraft in the international airspace, and reiterated that the United States would support allies and partners to fight against" coercion and bullying. "
He also pointed out that the United States is firmly committed to maintaining the current situation of Taiwan.In recent years, Washington and Beijing have experienced tensions on a series of issues, including China ’s sovereignty on Taiwan and the sovereignty dispute over the South China Sea.
Image adding text,
China's sovereignty in the South China Sea is a major issue in the security issue in the Asia -Pacific region.
Meeting with British and German Defense 
During the summit on the weekend, Li Shangfu held bilateral talks with Britain, German defense and EU representatives.
Josep Borrell, a senior representative of EU diplomacy and security policy, said that the two sides had a constructive dialogue, and German Defense Minister Borispistorius called on China to stop recruiting German retired pilots for training for Chinese combat pilots.
The German Defense Minister told AFP that Li Shangfu did not deny the statement during the talks, but tried to dilute the importance of this incident from his perspective.
In addition, Li Shangfu also had talks with the British Minister of Defense BenWallace, which showed the Chinese side to the Chinese side's views on issues such as Hong Kong's democratic movement, freedom of navigation, Uyghur human rights, and Taiwan Straits.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65807046 
Comments | Fu Shenqi: Let's talk about it from June 4 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:48:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:28:15-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On May 30, 1989, the Democratic Statue stood in Tiananmen Square, Beijing. June 4th case diagram Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/fushenqi/fsq 06052023094112.html/@@stream The mainstream demands of Beijing June 4th protesters are anti -corruption, anti -officials, and reforms. Therefore, the fierce action of the portrait of Mao I, the three warriors of the Hunan Warriors, was actively suppressed and twisted to the public security organs by the protesters. However, such a gentle and rational protest movement was eventually affected by the ruthless suppression of the CCP army. The blood of the dead pierced the CCP's lies, which made people who countless counts realized that the so -called New China was just a party country wearing a republic coat, and the PLA was just the SS of the People's Army.
June 4th is a watershed. Before June 4th, although there was a period of relatively open ideas, only individual prophets ancestors criticized the CCP and denied the legitimacy of the CCP regime. After June 4th, a variety of anti -communities emerged, reflection history, criticizing the present, and looking forward to the future. Where does China come from? Where to go? Among them, the trend of the Republic of China is particularly turbulent. A large number of literature, art, and film and television works have tapped and showed the glory and glory of the Republic of China, and the heroic and fierce sacrifices of the National Army. More and more reflexes realize that the Republic of China established by the 1911 Revolution is the right path to democracy. With the support of the CCP, the CCP uses lies and violence to force the Republic of China government to retreat in Taiwan, achieving autocratic restoration. The so -called People's Republic of China, one is not China, two people, and the three -African republic. Ending the CCP, the call of Angelica Angelica from the Republic of China rose.
The Taiwan Freedom Zone, after twists and turns, fully realized the blueprint for Mr. Sun Yat -sen's constitutional democracy. How much do people in the occupied area and exile to identify with the Republic of China and the Taoist Republic of China hope that the Republic of China government can conform to the historical trend and promote the wave of returning to the Republic of China in the entire territory of the Republic of China.
However, it is regrettable that the mutation of the Republic of China has begun to Taiwan, and then has evolved from Taiwan's independence. As early as 2000, Mr. Wang Bingzhang explicitly stated: "The Taiwan regime has gradually abandoned the essence of the Republic of China, abandoned Sun Yat -sen and the Three Civilianism, and put the Republic of China 'Taiwan independence". In a word, the Taiwan regime betrayed the Republic of China. " Based on this, it advocates the "rebuilding the Republic of China."
Today, more than 20 years later, the Republic of China Executive Yuan issued a document to clearly make a clear order: the people of the mainland "not belong to the nationals of the Republic of China." Once again, the Taiwan regime abandoned the essential Taiwan independence position of the Republic of China, and also provided a new evidence for Mr. Wang Bingzhang's assertion, and at the same time crushed many people from the Republic of China to the Taiwan regime.
Today, when commemorating June 4th and commemorating June 4th, in addition to remembering, it should be more effort, ending the authority of the Communist Party of China, and also a well -democratic and clear sky in China to comfort the undead of pioneers.
Rebuild the Republic of China!It is the most loud slogan to end the CCP's authoritarian autocracy!Gathered under the banner of the Republic of China and advance together, democratic China is ahead!
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/fushenqi/fsq-06052023094112.html 
AI scams surge, China FREE Version 
Author: Shen Lu
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T06:56:00.000Z
Description: In China, fraud -related cases related to AI have surged, and the Chinese government has further increased the supervision of the use of surreal content generated by AI.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000948407
Type: Article
AI is becoming more and more common in the daily life of Chinese people, and related fraud cases have surged.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/ai%E8%AF%88%E9%AA%97%E6%BF%80%E5%A2%9E-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%87%BA%E6%89%8B%E6%95%B4%E6%B2%BB-20a2b602 
Zelei: Russia has achieved missile technology through a supplier network 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:50
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:54
Description: Ukraine President Zelezisk said Russia is through a supplier network to evade international sanctions aimed at preventing it from creating missiles and other weapons. Reuters reported that in a video speech on Sunday (June 4), Zelei did not name some countries and companies being helping ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '泽连斯基', '导弹']
Ukraine President Zelezisk said Russia is through a supplier network to evade international sanctions aimed at preventing it from creating missiles and other weapons.
Reuters reported that in a video speech on Sunday (June 4), Zelenezki did not name some countries and companies being helping Russia to obtain technology, and the focus was on the technology of creating missiles.
Since October last year, Russia has launched hundreds of missiles to Ukraine.
"Unfortunately, this terrorist country said through a supplier network to bypass international sanctions through a supplier network and obtain world technology."
He said that Ukraine knows how much Russia has worked hard to avoid sanctions, and he vowed to make every effort to ensure that Russian missiles were "no products from the free world."
In April of this year, a senior official of Zellennki said that after the supply from the West was blocked by sanctions, they found more and more components from China in the Russian weapons that attacked Ukraine.
China denies military equipment to Russia.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401274 
The Hong Kong Court has canceled the conviction of Cai Yuling: "Speech and the Constitution of Press Freedom" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T09:50:00Z
Description: On June 5th, the Hong Kong Court of Hong Kong revoked the conviction of Cai Yuling, the former director and investigation reporter Cai Yuling, the former director of the Radio of Hong Kong. Cai Yuling was charged with a false statement when the license plate registration information was retrieved by the special report of the "721 Mandarin Attack". Agence France -Presse reported that this is a rare victory for the Hong Kong news industry.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['明镜周刊', '记者无疆界组织', '新闻自由', '谷歌', '香港', '言论自由', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '社交媒体', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议']
Keywords: ['香港', '蔡玉玲', '车牌查册案', '香港电台', '终审法院', '新闻自由', '言论自由', '元朗7.21事件', '元朗']
Id: 65826435
After the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal revoked Cai Yuling's conviction in the license plate, Cai Yuling embraced with supporters outside the court
(Voice of Germany Chinese) "Happy -I can't think of any words to describe my mood now", senior reporter Cai Yuling said outside the Court of Final Appeal after the judgment was issued on Monday (June 5). She said that many people may have the same feelings, and this judgment is also a good news for the Hong Kong news industry.
Cai Yuling applied for a license plate to check the license plate to the Hong Kong Transport Department for the "Yuen Long 7.21 Incident" in 2020 ("Checking" refers to the record of the ownership of the authority to verify the ownership of the authorities). Specifically, when the application certificate is selected by the license plate check, Cai Yuling chose "other related traffic and transportation" (the other two options were "used for legal lawsuits" and "for sales and purchase of vehicles") The court and lower -level appeal court believed that this did not include her news purposes.
Cai Yuling was convicted in April 2021 and fined 6,000 Hong Kong dollars, becoming the first case of the first reporter being convicted for a license plate check. Cai Yuling refused to convict and appealed, and was rejected in November 2022. After that, she appealed to the Court of Final Appeal. The final month of the Court started the trial last month and made a ruling on June 5.
According to Agence France -Presse, the judges of the Court of Final Appeal decided to overthrow the previous conviction on June 5th, and ruled that "there is no reason to exclude the sincere news survey" in Cai Yuling. "Outside, Cai Yuling's use of the use of the book is not a false statement.
The judges said in the ruling that they can understand "other related traffic and transportation", which includes investigative news work conducted by the appellant here. The judges also said that the understanding of a wide range of understanding is because of the "Constitution Protection and Freedom of Press".
Cai Yuling was interviewed after the decision of the Court of Court of Appeal in Hong Kong, emphasizing the importance of remarks and freedom of news
Cai Yuling said that the judgment of the Court of Final Appeal emphasized the importance of speech and press freedom, "I think this is the greatest significance of today's ruling."
Agence France -Presse reported that this is a rare victory for the Hong Kong news industry. Since Beijing's implementation of the Hong Kong National Security Law in 2020, two major independent news agencies in Hong Kong have been forced to suspend.
The Hong Kong Radio "Ji Ji" program broadcast the "Yuen Long 7.21 Incident" special documentary about the 2019 anti -delivery of the demonstration in July 2020. The report mentioned some vehicles, car owners, and their relationship with the incident that appeared in the "Yuen Long 7.21 incident". Some details showed that some of them were in touch with the pro -Beijing and political influential village committees. Cai Yuling participated in the production of the show.
Agence France -Presse reported that the investigation of the award -winning work believes that the police failed to respond to the Yuen Long attack in July 2019. Yuen Long attack event It was the watershed of Hong Kong's democratic protests in 2019, which caused the public's trust in the police.
(Agence France -Presse, Radio Hong Kong)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/香港终院撤销对蔡玉玲的定罪-言论及新闻自由受宪法保护/a-65826435?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Comments | Chen Guangcheng: Republican, constitutional government, and democracy are the guarantee of realizing free human rights 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T09:52:28-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:52:28-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Rights protection person Chen Guangcheng Reuters Pictures
To this day, the world's world -renowned democratic movement, which happened in the falling area of the Communist Party of China in 1989, has passed 34 years.
I don't know if friends noticed that in the past three decades, whenever the movement was mentioned, the most talked about the most often was the CCP from the middle of the night from June 3rd to the early morning of the 4th to 4th. The bloody massacre of demonstration students and citizens described the bloody and tragic of the slaughter scene. This was right. The CCP regime was really brutal, and the use of the army to suppress the people was shocked!
However, I think that the people of the people of the CCP are not afraid of power, dare to go to the streets to ask for free human rights, and use their actions to achieve the great and lofty spirit of social fairness, and it is more worthy of praise and promotion.
Of course, the "June 4th" massacre of the CCP's sister -in -law must face directly and cannot avoid it. However, just repeating the bloody scenes, it will also play a role in spreading terror and fearfulness to benefit the CCP. Therefore, I think that while emphasizing the blood debt owed by the "June 4th" of the Communist Party of China, we should also shift the focus to the spiritual value of promoting the "eight or nine civil movements".
It is regrettable that decades have passed, and the evil CCP's tyranny is still far away. What's more, in the past three decades, the CCP has not only changed from stealing in the occupied area. The penetration and corrosion of the free world is also a three -pointer, and even the degree to blatantly threatens to kill objections to exile overseas.
Fortunately, the warriors were not scared. On the contrary, with the continuous efforts of everyone, the freedom world not only recognizes the evil nature of the Communist Party of China, but also recognizes the dangers and dangers of their appeasement policies for decades, and is constantly adjusting policies to the Communist Party. With the continuous deepening of the world situation, it will definitely create a new favorable environment for the CCP's occupied areas to achieve republican and democratic democracy, bringing historic opportunities. We must seize this opportunity.
"Self -help" is a matter of heaven, and there is also a knowledge and summary of "confidence determines success" in the world. No matter how difficult it is to achieve freedom, human rights and social justice in the falling area of the Communist Party of China, we can only try to overcome difficulties and move forward. Because republics, constitutionalism, and democracy are the guarantee and prerequisite for achieving freedom, human rights and social justice, and the only way to achieve freedom human rights and social justice. Without them, the dignity of the people and the people in the occupied area can only be continuously trampled by the dictator under the iron hoof of the autocratic tyranny.
If you do not want to be slavered by the Communist tyranny by themselves, you will immediately get up and embark on the only way to fight for republican constitutional democracy!
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/chenguangchengboke/cgc-06022023193843.html 
Real Madrid's last dance Benza helped the team to equalize Varadolid 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T10:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:35:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Barcelona, 4th) Karim Benzema, the famous star of the Real Madrid team of La Liga, will leave the team after the end of the season. He played 12 yards in the last routine today and helped Real Madrid 1 By the 1st and Pyl bag, he performed the last dance in Real Madrid to the home fans.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Realvalladolid kicks up with Getafe 0-0, becoming the last team to relegate in the next quarter. The team is lucky to escape the downgrade.
Barcelona, which has been closed in advance, lost to Celta Vigo 1 to 2. Essence
Real Madrid announced earlier that Benzema will leave the team with the team's 14 -year -old guest relationship this summer. Benzema fined 12 yards for the team to help the team equalize. In the 74th minute Star Modric took off after replacing.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230605-%E7%9A%87%E9%A9%AC%E6%9C%80%E5%90%8E%E4%B8%80%E8%88%9E%E6%9C%AC%E6%B3%BD%E9%A9%AC%E5%8A%A9%E9%98%9F%E6%89%B3%E5%B9%B3-%E7%93%A6%E6%8B%89%E5%A4%9A%E5%88%A9%E5%BE%B7%E9%99%8D%E7%BA%A7 
The Indian train collision accident caused at least 275 people, and 1,100 people were injured 
Creator: SAMEER YASIR,MUJIB MASHAL,SUHASINI RAJ
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-05T10:19:13+08:00
Description: This is one of the most fatal train accidents in Indian history. The official is investigating whether the signal failure is the cause of the accident. This disaster once again caused questioning of the safety of the country's railway system, and has shadowed the efforts of Modi's modernization of infrastructure. Atul loke for the new York Times accident scene.
Images: [" 04-THE-MORNIN... ", " 04india-train... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 Indian officials are investigating one of the most deadly train accidents in the country's history, focusing on the possibility of the disaster in the signal failure. The rescue work has ended Sunday, and all derailment compartments have been removed from the railroad track.
The accident that occurred in Oriza, eastern India caused at least 275 people to die. Two days later, the family members of the victims still suffered from the crashes near the town of Balla Sol to claim the remains of their loved ones. Due to the lack of train services, this A journey becomes more complicated. It was not until the later Sunday that the railway was repaired.
Officials said that the body of most deceased has not been confirmed on Sunday. After officials said that some victims were counted twice, the number of deaths was lowered from at least 288.
 On Sunday, the Indian railway police was at the rescue site. Atul loke for the new york times
In addition, more than 1,100 people were injured, and the official said in a preliminary government report that this was a "three -party accident", involving two passenger trains and a idle cargo train.
The disaster gave Indian Prime Minister Modi's efforts to achieve the modernization of infrastructure in the country. He used the modernization of infrastructure as the core of his third term campaign.
The following is the latest development of the accident.
• The Minister of Railways of the Indian Railway Ashvini Vaisshau told reporters at the accident site that investigators are investigating why the electronic signal system used to prevent accidents does not work as expected. He said that the service of this route is expected to be restored at the latest on Wednesday.
• Indian railway officials Jaa Valma Xinha said at a press conference that a passenger train with a speed of about 130 kilometers hit a list of cargo trains with iron ore. Xinha said that in less than a second, another passenger trains driving at a high -speed driving on another track passed through the collision scene.
• Doctors and officials said that the identity of about 200 victims was not determined on Sunday. The corpse was stored in the major hospitals in Bubaneswal, the capital of the state, as well as a elementary school in Barlatier and a temporary muling room in a commercial park.
• This disaster once again triggered a long -term questioning of the safety of the railway system, and the system transported more than 8 billion passengers each year. Although the serious railway accidents reported in India are far less than the past few decades, the expenditures used in basic track maintenance and other measures have been declining in recent years.
• The survivors of the accident said that when the train collided, their train was crowded with hundreds of migrant workers, students and daily salary workers. They were crowded in at least three ordinary compartments, most of them stood. "It was crowded with people," Saayel Ali said, and he was admitted to a hospital near the accident scene.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230605/here-is-the-latest-on-the-deadly-train-crash-in-india/ 
Okinawa citizen group appeals to peaceful diplomacy 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T10:29
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T10:44
Description: Oppose the U.S. military airport to the Okinawa citizen group, which was relocated to Namu, the Namu City, and published an advertisement on the newspaper to call for peace diplomacy. Kyodo News reported that U.S. Putian Airport is located in Yino Bay, Okinawa Prefecture. Faced with the Japanese government's strengthening of defense and the Self -Defense Force to strengthen the focus to strengthen the Southwest region ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '冲绳', '美军', '机场']
Oppose the U.S. military airport to the Okinawa citizen group, which was relocated to Namu, the Namu City, and published an advertisement on the newspaper to call for peace diplomacy.
Kyodo News reported that U.S. Putian Airport is located in Yino Bay, Okinawa Prefecture. Faced with the Japanese government's strengthening of the defense, the self -reliance shifting the focus to strengthening the defense of the Southwest, the "Okinawa Opinions Advertising Movement" on the Okinawa citizen group on Sunday (June 4), in "Tokyo News", "South Japan News", "Okinawa", "Okinawa", "Okinawa" "Times" and "Ryukyu New News" four newspapers have been advertising, calling on "diplomatic than missiles than missiles" and "do not turn Okinawa, do not turn islands into battlefields."
Advertising pointed out that Japan has the ability to counterattack and increase defense expenses.
The national initiator of the "Okinawa Opinion Advertising Movement" waited for a press conference in Tokyo last Tuesday (May 30).
The former principal and honorary professor of France and Government University said: "Japan is advancing enhanced military backup at the time. The problem of Okinawa is the problem of all Japanese people."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401279 
French men and women shoot music tragedies, women wearing bulletproof vests, they do not cure 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T10:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T10:05:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Bordeaux, 4th) A pair of men and women in southwestern France seemed to cause tragedy when they took a gun. Although the woman was wearing a bulletproof vest, she was still injured after being shot by the drunk man. The man had been arrested.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The authorities found the remains of the 47-year-old woman in Montpon-Menterstero in Dordogne yesterday. The deceased has 3 children.
According to the local prosecutor, the suspect admits to the use of his own shotgun to play on the evening of the 2nd, and the victims wear a bulletproof vest as the target.
It is believed that the woman died in the abdominal injury. The 55 -year -old gunner was very drunk when he surrendered to the police yesterday.
Prosecutors said that the case is extremely rare and it is expected to confirm what crimes will be prosecuted tomorrow.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E6%B3%95%E5%9B%BD%E7%94%B7%E5%A5%B3%E5%BC%80%E6%9E%AA%E4%BD%9C%E4%B9%90%E9%85%BF%E6%82%B2%E5%89%A7-%E5%A5%B3%E5%AD%90%E7%A9%BF%E9%98%B2%E5%BC%B9%E8%83%8C%E5%BF%83%E4%B8%AD%E5%BC%B9%E5%90%8E%E4%B8%8D%E6%B2%BB 
Western countries worry 
Authors: ['理查德•米尔恩']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T10:39:20+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T06:31:99+08:00
Description: At present, Russia is actually excluded from the Arctic council, making it difficult for the Arctic agenda of Western countries to promote it. At the same time, they are worried that China and Russia have increased influence in the region.
Images: [" 000182366_pic... "]
Themes: ['气候变化', '关注']
Keywords: ['气候变化', '俄罗斯政治', '新兴市场', '拜登', '北约', '美国政府']
Type: Article
 Western countries are worried that China and Russia may try to use the increasingly tense geopolitical situation in the Arctic region to enhance their influence on the region and its rich natural resources.
In a series of interviews with the British "Financial Times", Western senior policy makers expressed their concerns that the Arctic exceptions -the Arctic region was not affected by the tension of other regions -it has ended.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099863 
Commemorating the "June 4th" in Hong Kong to become taboos: the authorities are closely monitored and arrested many people 
Creator: TIFFANY MAY
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-05T10:42:41+08:00
Description: Hong Kong was the only place in China to publicly commemorate the "June 4th", but commemorative activities have now become criminals like all forms. This year, the authorities have also cracked down on the smallest commemorative posture and arrested many people. Louise Delmotte/Associateed Press on Saturday before the anniversary of the "June 4th" massacre in China, the behavior artist Chen Sanmu shouted on the streets of Hong Kong, "Hong Kong people, shocked", "Don't forget June 4th", the police will Its arrest.
Images: [" 04tiananmen1-... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 For decades, Hong Kong was the only place in China to publicly commemorate the "June 4th". People used candlelight to mourn the night to mourn the night of the Democratic Movement of the Beijing Tiananmen Square in 1989. This year, Hong Kong made the people forget the people in various ways in various ways.
This year's "June 4th" is Sunday. A few days ago, even small shops showing the items that shown the suppression would be closely monitored, and the police visited many times. On the weekend, thousands of policemen patrolled the streets of Causeway Bay, which had previously held nighttime activities, and also set up temporary tents to search for those suspected of mourning. Police are suspected of " doing the actions with incitement "The four were arrested and the other four were detained.
Zhou Fenguo, a student leader of Tiananmen Square protest, said that Hong Kong is now under the "tyranny" as the Mainland.
"We did not complete the mission of Chinese democracy in 1989," said Zhou Fengsuo, and he is currently the executive director of New York advocating the organization of "Chinese human rights". "Later, the resistance of Hong Kong encountered the same suppression, and the process of the same stigma and the memory of memory was very similar."
The democratic movement in 1989 still won strong support in Hong Kong, which was still a British colony at the time. After the Chinese army shot hundreds of or even thousands of people, after removing the students who occupied Tiananmen Square, some students in Beijing sneaked into Hong Kong to escape in a safe place.
In 2019, thousands of people held a candlelight night -night activity in the Victoria Park. This is the last time in Hong Kong to hold such a large "June 4th" massacre commemorative event. LAM YIK Fei Forthe New York Times
For more than thirty years after that, the group representing the victims of the Holocaust- "Tiananmen Mother" held an open mourning event in Victoria Park in Hong Kong every year in the "June 4th" to express hope for a more free China. Each year's candlelight rally has attracted thousands of people, although in the past ten years, some of the unique Hong Kong identity younger generation Actors began to doubt whether the movement centered on the Mainland was correlated.
However, since the central government's implementation of the National Security Law on Hong Kong in 2020, almost all forms of disrespect have become crimes in this city. Similarly, the pro -civilian and anti -government protests that swept Hong Kong in 2019 have been strangled.
advertise
The authorities pay particular attention to the commemorative activities of the Tiananmen Massacre. They raided a museum that commemorated the "June 4th", took away books related to suppression from the library.(https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20211214/hongkong-jimmy-lai-tiananmen/)Essence
In the past two years, the authorities have banned all the activities that publicize the "June 4th" on the grounds of curbing the epidemic. Although the epidemic restrictions have been canceled this year, Victoria Park does not have the "June 4th" night -night event, but is occupied by a market. The activity called "Hometown City Collection Carnival" was organized by a group of pro -Beijing to celebrate the return of Hong Kong in 1997. That anniversary was about one month later.
The "June 4th" night -time organizer was imprisoned, which caused a problem, whether Hong Kong still allowed the public to peace peacefully to mourn the victims of the Tiananmen Massacre.
Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao did not explicitly answered this question, but just said, "Everyone should do it according to law, and think about whether they are preparing for the consequences when they act."
A pro -Beijing group held in the market in Victoria Park this weekend and was taken on Saturday. Tyrone siu/reuters
But Saturday's arrest has made a clear answer to this question. The arrests include Liu Jiayi, a member of the "Tiananmen Mother" movement, and Guan Zhenbang, who had worked as a volunteer for the night guarding activity. The two of him held white paper with "fasting" in his hands. The police also arrested Chen Sanmu, a behavior artist. He shouted "Hong Kong people, shocked", "don't forget June 4th", and a group of police officers rushed to him and took it away. Police also detained men and women holding chrysanthemums with chrysanthemums and wearing white clothes. Chrysanthemums and white clothes symbolized mourning.
Several more people were taken away by the police on Sunday, including workers Chen Baoying, former chairman of the Hong Kong Journalists Association Mai Yanting, and " Mother -in -law Wang "Wang Fengyao, many protests often waved the British flag.
advertise
Before the "June 4th" arrived this year, the authorities had begun to fight the commemorative gesture even the smallest.
Chen Jialin, a democrat of the district council member, sent a few photos of her grocery stores on her own grocery store on Tuesday on Tuesday on Tuesday. She said that the police and people from three different government departments had come to her shop many times because of the photos. But she was not scared.
"The more they don't let us talk about‘ June 4 ’, the more they adopt these practices, the more I feel that I do this right,” she said in an interview with me.
Guan Zhenbang (left) and Liu Jiayi were in Victoria Park on Saturday. They handed in the paper with "fasting" and "personal mourning". They were later taken away by the police. Kanis Leung/AssociatedPress
The playwright Linghui believes that Hong Kong has the responsibility to preserve and inherit the memory of the "June 4th" suppression, especially this memory has been distorted and erased in other parts of China.
In 2009, she established the "June 4th stage" with others with others in order to let young people in Hong Kong understand the history of "June 4th" in a more unique way. The most popular play of the troupe is the stage drama "May 35". Some people in mainland China use this euphemistically to refer to the suppression operation.That stage drama can no longer be staged in Hong Kong, otherwise it will face the risk of prosecution. Liechi Hui is currently living in the UK, and she is trying to bring the show overseas. The play was first performed in Cantonese and performed in Mandarin for the first time in Taipei last Friday.
The stage drama "May 35" premiered in Taiwan last Friday. The picture shows a scene in the play. Chiangying-ying/associated present
"For our" June 4th "survivors, it is very distressing to lose the most important position like Hong Kong's most importantly losing Hong Kong. In 2021, after the "June 4th" museum in Hong Kong was searched and forced to close it, Zhou Fengsuo gave several Tiananmen cultural relics to New York Newly established permanent exhibition Including a bloody banner, a tent and an oil printer. The exhibition has a exhibition room specially established in Hong Kong.
Zhou Fengsung also said that he understood and sympathized with a wave of strange people who had left Hong Kong, understood the pain of their exile, and the difficulty of maintaining sports vitality in the place where they were far away from their hometown. Although they are abroad, they are helpful to keep the memories of the "June 4th" suppression in other places, and he said.
advertise
"From the other side (looking at it), it was obvious to Hong Kong people who have arrived overseas last year last year. They will eagerly join the activities of various places to commemorate the" June 4th '. More than more, "he said. "There are also many cities because of the arrival of Hong Kong people (talents) to commemorate 'June 4'."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230605/tiananmen-square-massacre-china/ 
Borrowing high profits to grow Dongfeng, FREE Version enters FREE Version 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T10:51:44+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T06:51:99+08:00
Description: The online securities firm said its license in Malaysia has obtained principle approval, and its expansion in Southeast Asia will be further expanded.
Images: [" 000172090_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '财富管理']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '财富管理', '马来西亚', '资产管理', '财报', '金融']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Next stop, Malaysia.
Online brokerage Futu Holdings Co., Ltd.(FUTU.US)It is announced that it will continue to expand global business based on Hong Kong and enter the Malaysian market. Internationalization is the main direction of the company's recent development, and its business has expanded to more and more developing countries and developed countries.
In the latest financial report released at the end of last month, entering Malaysia is the most striking title. The financial report also shows that the company continues to add more products and services to customers in Hong Kong, the United States, Singapore and Australia.
In addition to regional expansion, the company also announced a large -scale plan to improve the scale of wealth management assets to attract customers who need diversified investment selection. The business has attracted more and more attention among its customers, and we will introduce it in detail later.
First of all, Futu's latest financial report continues the recent trend -such as the increased profit growth, the company's net profit has doubled in the first quarter, reaching 1.19 billion Hong Kong dollars(10.7 billion yuan), Increased by 108%compared to the same period last year.
The growth of net profit is mainly due to the significant increase in interest income, thanks to the Fed and other central banks trying to curb inflation in the past year and greatly increase interest rates. Futu's interest income increased by 125%in the first quarter to HK $ 1.29 billion, becoming the company's largest source of income. Brokerage commissions used to be the company's main source of revenue, but the growth rate in the first quarter was 11.6%, which was more than 1.08 billion Hong Kong dollars.
The above two sources contributed most of the revenue to Futu, which increased the total revenue of the whole quarter to 52.3%to HK $ 2.5 billion. It further accelerated on the basis of 42%of the strong 42%growth in the fourth quarter of last year. Although these numbers look strong, the Fed has basically ended radical interest rate hike measures, and revenue growth may begin to slow down.
Based on the possibility of the above, analysts of Yahoo Financial Survey predict that Futu's annual revenue growth rate will slow to approximately 13%, and the profit growth rate will slow to approximately 18%. The analyst group is still very optimistic about the company. Among the 21 analysts surveyed by Yahoo Finance, 15 of the 21st analysts of Yahoo Finance gave the company a "strong buy" or "buy" rating. Their average target price is $ 56.9, about 50%higher than the current stock price level, indicating that they have seen relatively large potential.
Based on the analyst's prediction of its 2023 profit, Futu's current price -earnings ratio is 12 times lower. This is with the US discount securities firms Yonglou Securities(IBKR.US)13 times close, but lower than Jiaxin Finance(SCHW.US)16 times and Tiger Securities(TIGR.US)23 times.
Futu's stock price rose slightly by 1.3%on the day of the announcement of the financial report, indicating that investors have seen the company's global transformation, but still facing challenges. Futu's largest customer group is currently in Hong Kong and Singapore. Although it does not provide specific figures, the company said that its application in Hong Kong is 43%and in Singapore is more than 25%. The company in its original Chinese market There are also a group of old customers.
Malaysia's potential 
Next, we discussed the topic mentioned earlier, first to enter Malaysia. The company has previously stated that it will enter two new Asian markets this year, and Malaysia is one of them. The company has not announced which country is the next stop, but it is likely to be a Southeast Asian country.
Management stated at the financial report call that Futu's Malaysian subsidiaries have obtained the "principle approval" of securities regulatory agencies in the country's capital market, and it is expected to enter the market as early as the second half of this year. Management added that Futu has many advantages compared to existing competitors, including more powerful applications, and markets in its core advantages, such as the United States and Hong Kong, providing lower trading rates.
Li Hua, the founder and chairman of Futu, said at the conference call: "We look forward to using the huge market opportunities in Malaysia to further strengthen our influence in the Southeast Asian market."
Internationalization has always been an important strategy for Futu. The company has been working hard to expand its business outside the Hong Kong and Singapore markets. However, given that the local capital market in Hong Kong has not fully recovered, the company has also raised its early warning on its growth in Hong Kong. CFO Chen Yu said at the conference call: "(Hong Kong stock market)The scope of transaction is very narrow, and the market has no meaningful IPO project. "
Another key point in the future will be the wealth management business. The growth rate of this business is much higher than the overall business of Futu. The scale of wealth management assets in Futu in the first quarter increased by 77%year -on -year to 37 billion Hong Kong dollars, which was more than twice as much as its overall asset growth rate.
Wealth management assets now account for about 10%of the total assets of Futu. Chen Yu said at the conference call: "I hope that this proportion will continue to increase to 20%to 30%in the next three to five years. Of course, there are still long ones. The road is going. "
The expansion of business areas and services will help offset the uncertainty faced in China. Futu has removed the application from the Chinese application store last month and waited for the problem to finally solve it. The impact of this situation on the company seems to be controllable, at least from the perspective of financial reports.
When talking about the application of the next shelves, Chen Yu said: "We are glad that our existing Chinese customers are very calm about this headline. We have not seen any meaningful abnormal loss rate, and the net assets of customers in the past week. "
(Author Yangge, this article only represents personal point of view)
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099864 
The Russian Pacific Fleet began to exercise in the sea and Otsuki Sea in Japan 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T11:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:05
Description: The Russian Pacific Fleet began to conduct fighting exercises in the Sea of Japan and the Sea of Ohhiri. Reuters reports that the Russian Ministry of Defense on Monday (June 5) announced on the instant messaging application Telegram that the exercise will last until June 20. Participating in the exercise includes 6 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯国防部', '演习', '日本']
The Russian Pacific Fleet began to conduct fighting exercises in the Sea of Japan and the Sea of Ohhiri.
Reuters reports that the Russian Ministry of Defense on Monday (June 5) announced on the instant messaging application Telegram that the exercise will last until June 20.
Participated in the exercise include more than 60 Russian warships and support ships, about 35 naval aircraft, coastal forces and more than 11,000 military personnel.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401281 
Free Version, the Ministry of Finance of the Treasury of China (Free Version) 
Author: Singapore Editors
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T11:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T09:54:00.000Z
Description: In response to the recent concerns of some local government debt crisis around some provinces in China, the relevant person in charge of the Ministry of Finance in China responded that overall, China's fiscal conditions were healthy and safe, leaving enough space for the risk challenge.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济', '中国经济']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
In response to the recent concerns of some local government debt crisis around some provinces in China, the relevant person in charge of the Ministry of Finance in China responded that overall, China's fiscal conditions were healthy and safe, leaving enough space for the risk challenge.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E8%B4%A2%E6%94%BF%E9%83%A8%E6%B7%A1%E5%8C%96%E6%9C%89%E5%85%B3%E5%9C%B0%E6%96%B9%E6%94%BF%E5%BA%9C%E5%80%BA%E5%8A%A1%E9%97%AE%E9%A2%98%E7%9A%84%E6%8B%85%E5%BF%A7-b219c353 
Retired officer training fighter pilots in China, German Defense Minister, shouted to stop 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T11:06:00Z
Description: When the German Defense Minister Pestorius met with Chinese Defense Director Li Shangfu in Singapore, he called on China to stop recruiting German retired Air Force officers to train Chinese fighter pilots. German media reports that at least a few German retired Air Force pilots provide training in China. They may leak the tactical secrets of Germany and NATO, and even simulate the scene of training to attack Taiwan.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德国联邦国防军', '战斗机飞行员', '退役军官', '退役飞行员', '培训飞行员', '中国战斗机', '中国战斗机飞行员', '皮斯托里乌斯', '李尚福']
Keywords: ['意见反馈']
Id: 65827712
On June 3rd, German Defense Defense Petrius (first from left) and China Defense Director Li Shangfu (third from right) met in Singapore
(Voice of Germany) German Defense Minister Pestorius called on Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu Stopping retired German fighter pilots to provide training for China. Pestorius said with Li Shangfu on Saturday on Saturday: "I clearly stated to him that if I did it, he would not think it was an interesting thing."
According to Germany, Pestorius said that Li Shangfu responded very much. "He did not deny it, but it faded its meaning from his perspective."
German Media: Training in China may have been leaked for several years 
"Mirror Weekly" and German TV reported on Friday that retired German fighter pilots have provided training for the Air Force pilots for several years in China. It is reported that at least several German Air Force retired officers serve in China. In multiple cases, they were paid "obviously through the bag of the bag in Seychelles." In addition, some of them are related to a company exposed to a Chinese spy. It is reported that many related pilots did not reply to the interview request. One pilot denied the relevant accusations. Pestorius announced the investigation.
"Mirror Weekly" and German television two reports stated that the German security department and intelligence department believes that these retired pilots are likely to leak military professional knowledge, the German federal army, and NATO's secret tactics, and may even simulate training there. The attack scene, which may be helpful to China to attack Taiwan.
German Minister of Defense Pestorius (the People's Party)
annual salary up to six digits euro 
It is reported that the pilots were recruited by South Africa and New Zealand companies, which were not suspicious after retiring, and were introduced to China. It is said that its annual salary in China is as many as six digits of euros.
It is reported that German fighter pilots are usually retired at the age of 41, because the response speed and vision are less than before. If you join the army at the age of 20, then the salary of half after retiring at the age of 41, which means that it is very sad, so many people return after retirement. It is said that most people will accept the return of related companies related to the German Federal Defense Force, and it is rare to work in China.
and a suspicious company association 
It is reported that in addition to German retired fighter pilots, retired pilots in the United States and Britain have also been recruited by China. One of the US retired pilots was arrested in Australia And may be repatriated to the United States. Among the three retired pilots reported by "Mirror Weekly", one of them left by the Chinese address was near Qiqihar Airport. Of these three, one person's name appeared in the "Panama Document". In addition, the reporter's investigation believes that these three are likely to be related to a company, and the company is opened by a Chinese spy that was later exposed Essence The company was blacklisted in the United States and was suspected of providing a list of C-17 related technical personnel of the US military transport aircraft C-17 for Chinese national hackers. Chinese national hackers stole about 630,000 C-17 data through fishing emails.
The image displayed by China in Taiwan's military exercises in Taiwan showed by the National Television of China
The German political community calls for more stringent retirement regulations 
According to the "Mirror Weekly" report, the German Federal Parliament's National Defense Commission, Marie-Agness Strack-Zimmermann (Liberal Democratic Party), said: "German retired Air Force soldiers trained fighter pilots in China, which we cannot accept. "She calls for to formulate stricter federal defense forces retirement regulations as soon as possible, to ensure that retired soldiers are allowed to only be allowed to engage in military training in NATO and strategic partners Essence
According to reports, the German Ministry of Defense has investigated what the retired Air Force pilots have taught to their students and whether they will leak the professional secrets of the Federal Defense Force. The Ministry of National Defense said: "The German Military Anti -Love News Agency (MAD) closely cooperated with the Federal Constitution Protection Agency, the Federal Intelligence Agency, and international partners under the investigation framework."
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/退役军官在华培训战斗机飞行员-德国防部长喊停/a-65827712?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Column | Labor Communication: Fujian Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd. closed the factory, not paying the arrears of salary (5) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T11:08:56-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:08:56-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Photo: RFA AUDIO-Link: https: // Woohoo. Hair dye .org/mandarin/column/labor communication/good place -06052023092547.html/@@ stream After the May 1st Labor Day holiday this year, the workers of Fujian Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd. returned to the factory on the first day of work, and was informed by the factory. Enterprise Close Essence The factory also violated the law that the workers must sign a voluntary resignation letter before they issued the salary of March that had been arrears.
Workers are dissatisfied with the factory's approach to gather at the factory gate to confront the manager. Some workers sent a confrontation scene in Douyin Video Essence
Some netizens commented behind the video that Jiaxin Factory was a good factory that is difficult to enter.
Some netizens left a message saying that a few days ago, a factory next to Wuli Industrial Zone was also the same. The factory had to dissolve, but called the employee to write a resignation, and the salary was only 70 %. Some netizens left a message and said that recently, several Jinjiang factories have disbanded. Why?
It should be asked why!
Obviously it is a factory, but in order to evade the payment of the labor contract compensation, the factory dares to ask the workers to sign a voluntary resignation letter illegally. why?
As early as 2012, the Jiaxin Factory established the "CPC Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd. Company Branch Committee ". Since there are party branches, there should be factory unions. The illegal acts of the factory occur under the eyelids of the party branch and union. So where is the union? And when the workers have already moved their rights to defend their rights, Why can't I see the shadow of the union?
On March 14 this year, that is, Jiaxin Factory suddenly announced the suspension of business and asked the workers to sign the voluntary leaving letter 6 weeks before, China Industry Network had published an article report It is said that the Jinjiang Federation of Trade Unions continue to explore how to better use collective consultations to safeguard the rights and interests of employees and promote the development of the enterprise.
We have reason to doubt that the party branch and trade union of Jiaxin Factory is well -known, and has not played any role in ensuring the right of the workers in the factory. China Industry.com reports that the continuous exploration of collective negotiations by the Federation of Trade Unions of the Jinjiang City is only in order to complete the propaganda tasks and publish the so -called positive energy reported by the unions reported by the unions in various places.
In reality, truly meaningful collective negotiations and collective negotiations have never entered any enterprise. Otherwise, Jiaxin, a 27 -year -old factory, and was a good factory that was difficult to enter in the minds of workers. What about this unscrupulous employer?
With these issues, I tried to find the local unions of Jinjiang there, and tried to persuade the union to enter the scene of the labor and management confrontation, representing the workers negotiating negotiation with the factory. The process can be described as twists and turns.
It turned out that in Fujian, who had been the governor of Xi Jinping, to this day, the village staff knew that the labor and management confrontation had occurred but was unwilling to go to the scene to understand the situation. The so -called grid work is even more terrible. If the labor and capital confrontation is not assigned to the lattice of the union staff, the trade union cannot go over to the scene to represent the workers and the enterprise.
As early as 4 years ago, in 2019, the former General Secretary of Fujian Governor Xi Jinping once scolded Full of food all day long, lazy and inaction.
As the saying goes, you let me go to Yang Guan Dao, but I only love Dulin Bridge. 4 years ago, the current lazy officials actually made a layer of "cocoon" for themselves, and used "making cocoons self -binding".
What's more, in the Jinjiang River, there are still regulations at the township level, and it is not possible to provide the phone number of the union chairman to the people looking for the town union. In this way, I do n’t know if some of the preparation leaders, including the chairman of the union, can hide behind those who are likely to answer calls who are likely to be unliked. What about the day, the muddy day "?
On February 11, this year, that is, the Jiaxin Factory violated the law and required workers to sign the voluntary resignation letter 10 weeks before, China Industry Network once reported report It is said that the Fujian Quanzhou Trade Union deployed the special work deployment of the General President and the Provincial General Manager of the Provincial General Manager, and the municipal and county trade unions quickly acted to establish special classes, formulated plans, and focused on political leadership. Licensed up and down and advance steadily.
However, in this Jiaxin closure factory incident, the special classes, solutions, linkages, and promotion of the bridgehead of Jinjiang Trade Union could not be found at all.
According to China Industry.com, members of the Federation of Union of Quanzhou Municipal Federation of Trade Unions are linked to 1 to 2 county -level unions and 2 to 3 grass -roots unions, which are normalized.
So, as a large factory, which member of the Federation of the Federation of Quanzhou City is connected and communicated with normal communication?It seems that the people who may be responsible for the release of China Industry.com are precisely some people who are "mediocre and peaceful stalls, peaceful peace, and mixed days." These people only care about publication, and do not care about the lack of missing missions in the living incidents such as Jiaxinguan Plant. They do not care whether the exaggerated achievements have happened in the reports issued.
Another report that CICC has also issued on March 2 this year, the title is "[ Fujian Jinjiang Federation of Trade Unions Construction Models full of effects to make the county -level trade union full of vitality "It reported that the Jinjiang Trade Union focused on the" top five "goals with strong political leadership, strong organizational functions, strong service positions, strong institutional mechanisms, and strong functions. , Strive to consolidate the staff and the masses at the grassroots level, actively perform their duties, and take their responsibilities.
However, in reality, during the closing factory of the Jiaxin Factory, illegal violations of the rights and interests of the workers, but the local union staff did not want to go out to the scene to represent the workers, but wait for the workers to come to the door. Do.
In other words, the "five top five" mentioned in China Industry.com, as well as focusing on the grass -roots level, condensing employees and masses at the grassroots level, actively performing their duties, and being courageous. It has not happened, and even has always been a pile of empty slogans that use the "Xuanke of the Make -ups, and have no intention".
In this report, CICC has also piled up a series of new terms, such as: Jinjiang Trade Union innovative "hierarchical fixed, classified management" model, and step by step to grasp the demonstration to form a "cultivation, improvement, demonstration" enterprise with gradual step -by -step enterprises. The construction mechanism of the union, and so on, the clouds of Yunshan are dazzling.
The good situation of enterprises ".
The report also specifically mentioned a bunch of unknown effects, including: creating a working base for the integration of employees in the Jinjiang Economic Development Zone, building a work pattern of "union standing, departmental construction, and sharing of employees", integrating trade unions, justice, mediation mediation For the forces, the service structure of "one center, one stop, two points, two courts, and three rooms" is formed to achieve seamless links of conflict adjustment, labor arbitration, and judicial ruling to resolve the "full response" of contradictions.
Looking at these nouns and numbers, I thought of the two scammers tailors in the Andersen fairy tale "Emperor's New Clothing".
For scammers, as long as the money is coming, as for the emperor's buttocks on the street, it is his own business.
The fantastic achievements of the unions reported by China Industry Network, whether the leaders and the leaders of the Communist Party of China and the Communist Party of China can understand, I don't know anyway, I don't understand anyway.
In fact, you only need to illegally ask workers to sign a voluntary resignation letter with the Jialin Customs Factory, but the union has nothing to do with this two things, and put these two things together. Those all day The true face of the scammers who are busy making new clothes, there is nothing to do.
Please listen to me about illegal infringement of workers' rights and interests in Fujian Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd., and look for the talks of the union. After listening, tell me how you feel.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/laogongtongxun/hdf-06052023092547.html 
KKR is close to the acquisition of Circor International in $ 1.6 billion 
Author: Miriam Gottfried
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T11:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T10:03:00.000Z
Description: According to people familiar with the matter, KKR & Co., a private equity company, is close to reaching a transaction to acquire pump valve manufacturer Circor International for $ 1.6 billion (including debt).
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
According to people familiar with the matter, private equity company KKR & Co.(KKR)Nearly reaching a transaction, acquiring the pump valve manufacturer Circor International for $ 1.6 billion (including debt)(CIR)。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/kkr%E6%8E%A5%E8%BF%91%E8%BE%BE%E6%88%90%E4%BB%A516%E4%BA%BF%E7%BE%8E%E5%85%83%E6%94%B6%E8%B4%ADcircor-international%E7%9A%84%E4%BA%A4%E6%98%93-807115af 
Saudi Arabia decides to reduce production in July 1 million barrels/day (Free Version) 
Author: Benoit Faucon / Summer Said
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T11:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-04T23:30:00.000Z
Description: Saudi Arabia stated that it would reduce production by 1 million barrels a day, which was part of the agreement reached by OPEC and its allies. Saudi Arabia said that the reduction of production will be implemented in July and on the basis of previously announced production reduction measures.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
Saudi Arabia said on Sunday that it will be reduced by 1 million barrels a day, which is OPEC(OPEC)Some of the contents of the agreement reached by its allies. Earlier, under concerns about the slowdown in global energy demand, OPEC+has held one of the most controversial output meetings in recent years.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%B2%99%E7%89%B9%E5%86%B3%E5%AE%9A7%E6%9C%88%E5%87%8F%E4%BA%A7-%E6%AD%A4%E5%89%8D%E6%AC%A7%E4%BD%A9%E5%85%8B%E6%88%90%E5%91%98%E5%9B%BD%E5%9C%A8%E9%85%8D%E9%A2%9D%E9%97%AE%E9%A2%98%E4%B8%8A%E5%8F%91%E7%94%9F%E6%BF%80%E7%83%88%E4%BA%89%E6%89%A7-866b1713 
Tiger's long arm | & quot; Animal Manor & Quot; Animation Theater 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T11:42:48-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:42:48-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
(Eagle, dragon debate)
Last time, when we talked about the country, we were to be a father and mother for the people. We must not relax the management of children. Today, I will continue to teach you how to be a mother!
( Https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6aaiv9witq .
Eagle is endless, right? Who do you want to put a big word for this time? Taiwan? Hongkong? Can't it be Manchuria, right?
Dragon is Fujian and Guangdong this time-
Eagle? Do you have to separate these two places?
Long wants to be beautiful!Ning Ke Guangdong is not long ...
Eagle, are you stringing?
Longyi, yes, you are angry. I am talking about the Dragon Family of Fujian, Guangdong and other provinces overseas!
Have you ever thought about a possibility, that is, people leave the Dragon's house, maybe, because you can't stand you?
Long, you are guilty at our Dragon's family!No matter where you are, no matter you are the first generation of immigrants, as long as your ancestors are born in this land, the mother of the motherland will always remember you!
The eagle is really ancestor "Jide". You must be because of this reason that you do n’t treat yourself as an outsider so that the so -called “overseas police station” is opened around the world, right?
What is the dragon? It is to save them in the water deep!Think about how many people are bewildered by you and running to you, but the language is not unacceptable, and the cultural and soil is not convinced. At this time, comrades in their hometown to solve their problems for them. This is really the warmth of the home!
( Https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/xinwen/6-04172023142941.html https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-05112023104804.html .
Eagle, you are afraid that overseas Chinese can not enjoy all the "warmth of the home" that focus on the party state. Speaking of this, it is your main business!
Long Hey, this is to remove harm for the people!It is the Dragon family, and I do n’t wait to see this group of strange people.
( Https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/jw-05102023103747.html https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/sc-05052023101910.html .
You said so, before letting the overseas Chinese delegation protesting Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen to visit the United States, and even harassing other members of the state is "the voice of the people"?
([Https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshijiao/LF-0509202308253.html]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/junshiwaijiao/lf-05092023082253.html).
Long is right, dare to criticize us, it is anti -China!Anti -China, of course, the overseas dragon family must be angry!
You are Hua?
Of course, the party is the country, and the party is Hua. The final explanation right belongs to us all wow.
The eagle finally said. Everyone has a need for associations. You cannot prohibit the overseas dragon family's associated community. In order to monopolize the significance of this community, the highest goal will never escape the words "the motherland". It is clear that encouraging the country's country's feelings, in fact, it is interfered with other domestic politics, and some practices are illegal in the local area!
Long Hey, what is "Fa"? After doing so, you can also clear the sources of overseas chaos.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/duomeiti/donghuajuchang/dw-06052023113736.html 
Astrikon is not afraid of geopolitical pressure betting China (Free Version) 
Authors: ['汉娜•库赫勒', '埃莉诺•奥尔科特']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-05T11:49:21+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-04T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T07:47:99+08:00
Description: China ’s increasingly aging population and the rapidly developing biotechnology industry have attracted this pharmaceutical giant to find opportunities here.
Images: [" 000162719_pic... "]
Themes: ['阿斯利康', '关注']
Keywords: ['阿斯利康', '供应链', '制药', '脱钩']
Type: Article
 Astrikan(AstraZeneca)CEO Suboko(Pascal Soriot)Not long ago, he visited China and returned from China, because he saw the "explosive" growth of Chinese biotechnology companies there, and the possibility of distributing drugs developed by Chinese companies into the world made him imagine.
Suboko said that the Chinese market's investment in the pharmaceutical field is "fully open". He also said at a media conference in April: "It is difficult to be surprised to China's progress in the past few years."
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099865 
The U.S. Navy announced the video video of Chinese warships in the Taiwan Strait 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T11:55
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T15:56
Description: The U.S. Navy announced a video, saying that the video showed that a Chinese warship "unsafe" in the Taiwan Strait crossed a U.S. destroyer. Elastic
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '中国', '台湾海峡', '军舰', '中美关系']
The U.S. Navy announced a video, saying that the video showed that a Chinese warship "unsafe" in the Taiwan Strait crossed a U.S. destroyer.
 
At that time, the two Sino -US warships were only 137 meters apart.
From the video released by the U.S. Navy Sunday night, you can clearly see a Chinese warship passing through the Zhongyun channel. At that time, the sea was calm. The Zhong Yun did not change the direction.
In the video, you can hear that someone can not "try to limit the freedom of navigation" at an English warning, but because the recording is mixed with the sound of the sea, the words that are not clearly used are not clearly used.
The Chinese government has not directly responded to the United States' criticism of the incident last Saturday, and the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not immediately respond to the request of comment on Monday (5th).
The Chinese military accused the United States and Canada of "deliberately provoking risks" on the day of the incident.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401290 
The United States vowed to continue to provide support from Taiwan and urged to conduct nuclear negotiations with Beijing 
Creator: 储百亮,DAMIEN CAVE,DAVID PIERSON
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:01:13+08:00
Description: The US Defense Director said that he would continue to deploy military forces in the airspace near China; Bayeng Guoan consultants pointed out that it is necessary to ensure that the nuclear competition with China is managed. Facing the intensive speeches of senior American officials, China strongly accused Washington of incite confrontation. Kevin Frayer/Getty Images 2019 Beijing military -style intercontinental ballistic missile.
Images: [" 03china-tensi... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 On the weekend, the United States put pressure on Beijing in two aspects. On the one hand, warning about military accidents in the short term, on the other hand, warned the dangerous competition in nuclear weapons, which caused a Chinese general to strongly blame Washington to incite confrontation.
On President Biden's national security adviser, Shalin Friday The speech made, and the Minister of Defense Austin Saturday In a speech delivered in Singapore, the Biden government tried to attract China to negotiate the rising military danger.
Austin also said that the United States will continue to dispatch warships and planes in international waters and airspace near China, although it has recently gained a collision with the Chinese army. The United States will continue to provide support from Taiwan. Taiwan is an autonomous island, and Beijing regards it as its own territory. Both are pain points in China.
"We will not be scared by dangerous actions at sea or international airspace," Austin's annual meeting held in Singapore Shangri -La dialogue I said to military officials and experts.
advertise
In the Washington speech, Shalvin explained the idea of Biden - How to deal with A world of "major cracks in our post -Cold War nuclear foundation". Russia against tactical nuclear weapons The threat is becoming more and more frequent. Although it is usually vague, China is expanding its own nuclear arsenal Essence Shatin said that the United States is modernization of its nuclear weapons, but it will not be caught in a competition to create more nuclear warheads that are more than Russia and China.
"We are also going to contact China without prerequisites -to ensure that competition is managed, and competition will not evolve into conflict," Saimin said.
National Security Consultant Shalin gave a speech in Washington on Friday. He explained the idea of President Biden -how to cope with the world of "major cracks in our post -Cold War nuclear foundation". Drew Angerer/GetTyimages
Biden's two highest -level officials discussed the danger of confrontation with Chinese military, which illustrates the severity of this geopolitical differences, although Washington and Beijing are restarting discussions between trade and foreign issues.
Director of the US -China Relations Center of the New York Asia Association Xia Wei (OrvilleSchell)In an interview with telephone, China's recent economic difficulties are a factor that prompted Xi Jinping, the supreme leader, Xi Jinping this year. "But I don't think the basic assumptions of the hostility of the relationship between the two parties have changed," Xia Wei said.
The Chinese military delegation attending the Singapore Conference held a press conference after a speech on Austin, questioning Austin's speech, highlighting this tension.
Lieutenant General Jing Jianfeng of the Chinese People's Liberation Army told reporters that the United States' military sales and other support for Taiwan are equivalent to encouraging Taiwan independence.
"The United States calls for communication and is concerned about the interests of the Chinese side," said Jing Jianfeng. "The issue of Taiwan is related to the core interests of China, and you can't tolerate any compromise."
The Minister of Defense Austin (the right) and the Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu (most) in the Shangri -La dialogue held in Singapore on Friday. Caroline chia/reuters
Sino -US has reached any agreement on the issues raised by Shalvin and Austin -even the prospects of these issues in depth seem to be far away. China believes that it is a disadvantaged party, and it seems that detailed agreements, whether it is military control or regulating military conflicts near its coast, will only help the United States maintain its dominant position. In other words, opaque may be beneficial to China.
Ge Laiyi, Director of the Indo -Pacific Project of Marshall Foundation in the United States(Bonnie Glaser)It is said that Beijing's support for Taiwan is particularly angry, and it will stop dialogue as a way to warn the United States.
advertise
"They want to attract our attention," she said, and said that Beijing may not see the value of restarting military negotiations. "Chinese -have been like this for a long time -they are really not interested in reducing measures to reduce risks," she said. "Because they think that by maintaining a certain degree of risks, we will be more cautious."
In its 20 -year history, Shangri -La dialogue has become a place where Washington and Beijing military officials have been confronted, but they have also held bilateral discussions designed to ease the tension. However, this year China National Defense Minister Li Shangfu Admiral refused to meet with Austin.
At the opening dinner of the forum on Friday, the two shook hands briefly. Austin said in his speech, "Careful shaking hands can not replace substantial contact during dinner."A photo released by the US Navy shows a missile destroyer in April to transit the Taiwan Strait in April. U.S. Navy, VIA Association Press
He also condemned China's dangerous military exercises in international airspace. According to U.S. Indo -Pacific Command It is said that at the end of May, a Chinese J-16 jet fighter was in danger of approaching an RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft from the US Air Force over the South China Sea.
Beijing returned to the negotiating table on some issues. Chinese Minister of Commerce Wang Wentao recently Visit the United States , Shalvin A talk with a senior diplomat in China last month Essence But the hostility accumulated between China and the United States is more difficult to overcome.
Li Shangfu served as Minister of Defense in March this year, and he scheduled to speak on the forum on Sunday. In 2018, China purchased a Russian fighter and ground -to -air missile system, so he sanctioned by Washington Essence China said the punishment was why he refused to meet with Austin. Pentagon officials said that this should not hinder negotiations, and because the Chinese military is unwilling to communicate, it is more difficult to avoid or resolve potential crises.
advertise
Zhao Xiaozhuo, a Chinese People's Liberation Army, who participated in the Singapore Forum, said that Washington called for a "guardrail" when military planes and ships met, which can be used as an excuse for the United States to monitor China's legalization.
"Crisis management is a good thing," he said in an interview with English. But he said that US warships and aircraft often monitor near the Chinese coast. "According to my understanding, the US preferred guardrail is to legalize the United States' provocations to China."
Zhao Xiaozhuo, the Chinese People's Liberation Army, was interviewed by reporters in Singapore on Saturday. "Crisis management is a good thing," he said in an interview. Caroline chia/reuters
It seems that it is even more impossible to succeed in the short -term.
Chinese officials refused to discuss an agreement to limit its nuclear weapons. According to American Scientist Federation In a annual survey, China has about 410 nuclear warheads. Pentagonal estimate If the current speed is maintained, by 2030, this number will increase to 1,000 pieces, and it will increase to 1,500 by 2035. If the nuclear warhead owned by Beijing is close to this number, the two largest namurs in Washington will have a combination of nearly 3,000 nuclear warheads.
Zhao Xiaozhuo, a delegation in China to Singapore, said that the United States' prediction of China's nuclear arsenal is "basically basically not found". "The number of Chinese nuclear warheads, or the quality of Chinese nuclear weapons, is far from the United States and Russia," he said, but refused to reveal his estimate.
Strategic, Technical and Military Reserve Control Director of the Institute of International Strategy William Albek It is said that even if China refuses to sign any treaty that restricts its total number of nuclear warheads, agreements on transparency and establishment of mutual trust may also help restrict the risk of increasing its nuclear warhead.
advertise
"Establish a hotline and establish a missile launch notification system -so it is necessary to notify the test or space launch," Albec said in an interview. "The first step should be: Why don't you tell us directly, how many warhead do you have?"
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230605/china-us-tensions-singapore/ 
Comment | Chen Pokong: June 4th 34th Anniversary: Time consumes 1989, and it also consumes a dictatorship 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:02:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:40:09-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On May 31, 1989, the six-fourth case diagram of Beijing Tiananmen Square Audio-LLINK: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/chelun/chenpokong/js-06052023114954.html/@@stream On the 34th anniversary of the 64th, the Chinese and the international community at home and abroad have not forgotten. As always, they have a grand commemoration, thinking about democracy, and stimulating democracy. The Chinese Communist Party is still nervous, highly nervous, and is nervous year after year. They have no confidence and sense of security. After talking about four self -confidence, they have no confidence; they have said more than a hundred security, but they have no sense of security.
Zhongnanhai has all kinds of defense and set up countless sensitive words on the Internet. Even the leaders' own names have become the anti -verbs (on the game platform), which is extremely ridiculous and absurd. However, the accidental fighting incident continued to occur, which caused them to be invincible. A woman bravely waved on the top of the Beijing National Gymnasium -the top of the Bird's Nest, which was brave in the star flag symbolizing freedom, sprinkled the leaflet, had an independent declaration, and her own compatriots. On the big screen of the Student Union of Tsinghua University, the slogan of "defeating the Communist Party" and "overcome Xi Jinping" appeared, and at the same time, five major appeals were put forward to call on democracy and constitutional government.
Thirty -four years have passed and the years are ruthless. Time consumes 1989 (including intellectuals and young students of the year), but also consumes a dictator. In 1981, from youth to middle age or even old age, youthful years are no longer, and democratic ideals have not yet been realized. But looking at the dictators, Deng Xiaoping and Li Peng, known as the June 4th butcher; the beneficiaries of June 4th and Jiang Zemin, the culprit that suppressed Falun Gong, had died. They did not take away any glory and wealth.
Zhongnanhai's leaders today think that a unique and one -person dictatorship, fantasy red dynasty can be thousands of generations. However, looking at history, all dynasties politics and authoritarian systems are just eye -catching. Or hundreds of years, or decades, or years, have disintegrated and died. The period of the autocratic dynasties is more shortened and overwhelmed. The dictators of all ages did not take away any glory and wealth. There are no exceptions and future dictators.
Looking at the world today, only democratic countries show strong vitality and lively. The reason is very simple. Only the election of the government can we help; only the democratic system can we take long for a long time. This is an objective law, and China will not be exceptions.
The 1989 Democratic movement and the June 4th slaughter city not only deeply affected the contemporary history of China, but also profoundly affected the contemporary history of the world. At that time, it became a major driving force for Eastern Europe and the disintegration of the Soviet Union. Thirty -four years have passed, and the international community has not forgotten. All major democratic countries continue to support the Chinese people, support Chinese democratization, or vocate through the statements of governments, or vocate through various countries in China. Countries around the world have awakened and understand a simple truth: not a Chinese threat, only the CCP threats, which is a common threat facing the Chinese people and the people of the world. The world peace calls a democratic China; human beings will need a democratic China in the future.
The Chinese Communist Party has attempted to make generations for forgetting history. However, China today, economic landslides, serious unemployment, foreign -funded foreign companies have accelerated the evacuation, and high -speed economic growth has become a yellow flower tomorrow. The elderly have nothing to guarantee, the middle -aged people have nothing to do, and the young people lay down peacefully. As a result, more and more Chinese people are against the rulers and their wishes. They are increasingly understanding a basic truth: the fundamental obstacle to hindering China's development and progress lies in one -party dictatorship; the fundamental path to promote China's development and civilization lies in democratization.
At that time, in 1989, as the participants and leaders of the democratic movement, the 1989th generation held a democratic torch. Today, as a insistor of the Overseas Democratic Movement, they also played the role of the torch conveyor. Because Hong Kong has fallen, the candlelight in Victoria Park is no longer, and the overseas democratic movement has taken over the democratic torch of Hong Kong citizens. Essence At the same time, the 1989th generation also had obligations and responsibilities to convey a democratic torch to the younger generation.
It can be seen that the 89th Democratic movement has never been out of date. Thirty -four years later in China, Chinese people who yearn for democracy have continued to increase, especially young people who are pursuing democracy. At the end of last year, the white paper sports and the white paper revolution, which was soaring at the end of last year. There is also the main body of awakening overseas students. They are the hope of China and they are the future of China.
The torch of the 89th Democratic Games will be inherited in the hands of the younger generation. The fire is immortal, and the ideal will continue to burn. A democratic, freedom, and civilization, or late or early, will be born in the east of the world. No forces can be blocked; any forces will be futile. Time will prove everything, history will prove everything.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/chenpokong/js-06052023114954.html 
Northern Nigeria villages were attacked by militants 30 deaths 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:50:03+00:00
Description: (Fa Xinhe Na Na and Liacano, 5th) The Nigerian police said today that armed members raid 6 villages in the north last weekend and killed 30 people. Violent crime and ethnic conflict in northern Naiguo often occur.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 SOKOTO Police spokesman said through a statement that the gangster rides a locomotive and "kills 8 people in Raka Village, kills 7 in Bilingawa, BiLinga, ) 6 people, 4 dabagi (DABAGI), 3 Rakadutse (2 of Rakadutse), 2 Tsalewa (Tsalewa).
However, the two residents of the two villages said that a total of 36 people died in this wave of attacks, and they also said that they were retaliated with the bandit because they refused to pay the protection fee.
Kasimu Musa, a resident of Lakadu Village, told AFP: "We buried 36 people who died in the hands of bandits yesterday (4th)."
After the election of Nigerian President Bola Tinubu, he recently sworn in, and ethnic violence is just one of the safety problems he faces.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E5%A5%88%E5%8F%8A%E5%88%A9%E4%BA%9A%E5%8C%97%E9%83%A8%E6%9D%91%E5%BA%84%E9%81%AD%E6%AD%A6%E8%A3%85%E4%BB%BD%E5%AD%90%E8%A2%AD%E5%87%BB-30%E6%AD%BB 
Multi -nation maritime co -starring Indonesia's opening US -China warships are present 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T12:30:00Z
Description: Although there are many cracks in US -China relations at present, both countries choose to send warships and participate in multi -navy joint exercises that have started on Monday in Indonesia. According to a list of Indonesian military seen by AFP, Australia and Russia are expected to send warships to participate in exercises.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '美国', '德中关系', '南希·佩洛西']
Keywords: ['中国', '美国', '中美关系', '美中关系', '科莫多-2023', '科莫多演习', '分歧', '合作', '联合演习', '海军']
Id: 65827851
U.S. destroyer Milius(USS Milius, data map)(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Washington and Beijing are competing fiercely in diplomacy, military, technology, and economy. The U.S. military has strengthened its Asia -Pacific operations to cope with China, which is stronger and has recently held military exercises around Taiwan. However, both the United States and China have dispatched warships to participate in Indonesia on Monday to Thursday (June 5th to June 8th) in the waters near its Sulawesi Island 2023 "Komordo-20123" Multi-National Maritime United exercise.
The American Embassy in Jakarta told AFP on Sunday (June 4) that the U.S. Navy sent a coastal battleship to participate in the exercise. The spokesman said that these exercises will work hard to solve common challenges together with the like -like countries, our allies and our partners, such as humanitarian operations and disaster response.
The Ministry of National Defense said last week that at the invitation of the Indonesian Navy, China will send a destroyer and a frigate to participate in the exercise Essence
According to the Chinese official media reports, the Chinese ship formation consisting of the Chinese Navy Zhanjiang Ship and Xuchang Ship arrived at the "Komo-20123" "Multi-National Maritime joint exercise of joint exercises on the morning of the morning. According to Chinese official media reports on Monday, "the naval representatives from 36 navy signed a plaque to witness the start of the exercise."
Russian warships also appear? 
The "Komodo-20123" Multi-National Maritime Joint Exercise is a multi-country co-starred by the Indonesian Navy. This year is the fourth session, including the Hong Kong shore stage and the maritime stage. The last time the "Komodo" military exercise was conducted in 2018, and China also sent two warships at the time. Subsequently, the military exercise was suspended due to the new crown epidemic.
Indonesia invited many countries to participate in this military exercise. According to a list of Indonesian military seen by AFP, Australia and Russia are expected to send warships and exercises.
Indonesian officials said that a total of 17 foreign ships will participate in the exercise. The focus of the exercise is non -military operations with major allies.
Indonesian Navy spokesman I Made Wira Hady said in a statement that this multi -nation -to -sea joint exercise is a non -war training, focusing on maritime cooperation in the region.
At the time of the tension between the US -China relations 
Agence France -Presse reported that there are differences and disputes on Asia -Pacific issues such as Washington and Beijing. After being seen by the United States as a "spy balloon", the Chinese balloon was shot down in the United States, and the tension between the United States and China was further upgraded.
US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said in the "Shangri -La Dialogue" held in Singapore last week that the United States and China need to resume dialogue to avoid "misunderstanding" and cause conflicts.
American Defense Minister Austin, Chinese Defense Director Li Shangfu, etc. at the Dinner of Shangri -La Dialogue
According to the US media "Wall Street Journal" report, the United States originally hoped that the US -China Defense Minister met during the forum, but China rejected the US meeting request Essence
At the Shangri -La dialogue, which opened on June 2, US Defense Minister Austin and Chinese Defense Director Li Shangfu nodded and shook hands. However, it is reported that the two did not have substantial communication at the meeting.
A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said last week that "the reason for the difficulty of the two forces between the two Sino -US military is clear and the United States" shows the sincerity. "
(Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/多国海上联演印尼开幕-美中军舰均到场/a-65827851?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
UBS: M & A case will be released on the 12th 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Zurich, 5th) The Swiss Bank Group (UBS) and Credit Suisse said today that UBS is expected to complete the Credit Calenda acquisition on June 12. At that time, Creditver will be available.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 This date is slightly later than UBS CEO Sergio Ermotti. An Sijie said before that the merger and acquisition case is expected to be completed at the end of May or early June.
Under the strong pressure of the government, UBS, Switzerland's largest bank, agreed on March 19 to acquire rivals with 3 billion Swiss francs (US $ 3.25 billion) to prevent Credit Closing.
UBS said in a statement: "UBS expects to complete the Credit acquisition case as early as June 12, 2023. At that time, Credit will be merged into the UBS group."
According to the statement, after the completion of the merger, Creditkin's stock and US deposit vouchers will be on the market from the Swiss Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange.
An Sijie once said that the mergers and acquisitions will create a super bank with an investment asset in charge of up to $ 5 trillion (about NT $ 154 trillion). (Compilation: Liu Shuqin/Calculating Draft: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230605-%E7%91%9E%E9%93%B6-%E5%B9%B6%E8%B4%AD%E6%A1%8812%E6%97%A5%E5%AE%8C%E6%88%90-%E7%91%9E%E4%BF%A1%E8%82%A1%E7%A5%A8%E5%B0%86%E4%B8%8B%E5%B8%82 
German media: China should prove that it is a responsible country with actual actions 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T12:36:00Z
Description: This year's Singapore's Shangri -La security dialogue has become the "battlefield" of China and the United States: China has accused "some great powers" to help in the Asia -Pacific pull to create disputes and conflicts. The United States has accused China of rejecting communication and talks between the Chinese and US military, and urging the Chinese army to stop dangerous provocations.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '欧债危机', '薄熙来', '专题报道：习近平访美', '欧盟', '中国共产党', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国反腐风暴', '20国集团']
Keywords: ['香格里拉对话', '美国', '中国', '中美关系', '台海局势', '习近平', '德国']
Id: 65828487
(Voice of Germany Chinese) "Business Daily" commented that "Shangri -La" originally had excellent meaning and symbolized "Xanadu" without disputes and conflict. However, Singapore's annual "Shangri -La dialogue" It has become a "battlefield" between China and the United States. This article entitled "China must prove that it is a responsible country with actual actions":
"On the eve of the dialogue, the Minister of Defense Li Shangfu has repeatedly rejected the invitation of the US Defense Minister Austin to conduct dialogue between the two sides. What's more, the dialogue has not yet begun, Li Shangfu issued a solemn warning to Washington with the help of Chinese official media: For Taiwan The question, 'We never make a commitment to use force, China must be unified. And threat. '](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/美国防长批北京拒绝对话-中国责任在美方/a-65815175)The Minister of Defense of the two nuclear martial arts could not sit down and exchanged exchanges on the differences between the two sides. Instead, they accused each other through public speeches and statements. This status quo must be worrying. The development of the recent development of the Taiwan Strait has explained how necessary Beijing to strengthen exchanges with Washington. In the past two weeks, two consecutive collisions occurred between China and the United States. The situation is very serious, and it may even cause military conflicts between China and the United States. "
The two collisions mentioned in the comments refer to the Chinese military aircraft approaching US military aircraft over the South China Sea on May 26 and make dangerous actions. On June 3rd, a Chinese destroyer cut into the U.S. destroyer channel in a "unsafe way", forcing the other party to slow down and change the channel. Comments:
"In order to avoid conflicts, Washington and Beijing must restore dialogue as soon as possible. Not only should they restore the conversation between the Minister of Defense between China and the United States. In terms of Chinese leaders, China should show the sincerity of China willing to be a responsible country and restore Sino -US dialogue as soon as possible.
Germany should also contribute. At the upcoming German -Chinese government consultation, the German government should clearly tell Beijing that if the situation of the Taiwan Strait is upgraded, China will pay a painful price. It must be clear that once the conflict occurs, Berlin will stand on the Washington side. "
German Defense Minister Boris Pistorius also attended the Shangri -La security dialogue in Singapore and held talks with Chinese Minister of Defense Li Shangfu. The Frankfurt Report published a comment saying:
German Defense Minister Boris Pistorius made a speech at the Shangri -La Security Forum.
"The primary topic of the German Defense Minister's visit to Asia will certainly be the situation in Ukraine. In Singapore's security dialogue, Pestorius hopes to make Asians soberly realize that Russia's aggression war is related to everyone. This is indeed the same. Once Putin won in Ukraine, it was tantamount to inviting invitations to modify the rules of the game to the Asia -Pacific region. However, Pestorius is also very clear that most of his Asian audiences may draw the opposite conclusion: Since Europe hopes that Asian countries are on the side of Kiev, then Europe should also show to Asian countries that Europe will also be in Europe that Europe will also be in Europe. At the critical moment, the hand of rescue of Asia, that is, fight against China together.
In view of this, the Social Democratic Party politician has promised that no matter where the international order is threatened, Germany will defend. At the same time, Pestorius also said that Germany will adjust its weapon export plan in order to provide more support for the self -defense of the 'partner' country. Whether it is weapon exit or sending warships to the South China Sea again, Germany will not play an important role in Asia. When Berlin reflects on its policy on China, Berlin always considers the consideration of business interests. But the signal has been very clear: what the times should contain more than just the so -called "military restraint culture 'before the realization of peace before Ukraine. In Singapore, this signal will be generally welcomed, but will it be the case in Berlin? "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体：中国应以实际行动证明自己是负责任的大国/a-65828487?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Hong Kong is not involved in mourning & quot; June 4th & Quot; Hong Kong police take away more than 20 people 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:37:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:18:54-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A person who commemorates June 4th was taken away by the Hong Kong police away [Audio-1-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/gangtai/ec-06052023111042.html/@@stream(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec-06052023111042.html/@@stream)"June 4th Mourning" has become the taboo of Hong Kong. On the day of June 4th, the police were involved in the "June 4th" to take away and arrest at least 23 people. Some arrested people pointed out that mourning cannot be stopped due to regime intimidation. In addition, the UN senior commissioner's office was shocked by the behavior of the Hong Kong government.
Hong Kong Night, there are people who commemorate the June 4th police near Victoria Park to take away twenty -four people * Police on the 64th anniversary of the Hong Kong Police are taken away by many commemorative people 
"Don't forget June 4th, don't be afraid of Hong Kong people, don't be afraid of Hong Kong people!"
On June 4, the Hong Kong police just waited for the Hong Kong police to take away 23 men and women near Victoria. The Hong Kong Police said on Sunday (June 4) that the person who was taken away on the day of June 4th At the age of 74, it is necessary to investigate further in public in public.
On the day before June 4th, the white paper with "fasting" was posted on the body, and Liu Jiayi, a graduate student of Taiwan University who was accused of "incitement as a" incitement diagram ", said to this station on Monday (June 5) that he mourned the innocence and he was guilty. Just doing things that have persisted for more than 30 years.
Liu Jiayi: "The pain of June 4th, we haven't flattened it yet, mourning the dead of the dead and our mother to Tiananmen's mother. This is our persistence. So this year is just doing what I have done. The pain has not been flattened yet, and insisted on commemorating June 4th, mourning in Victoria Garden, there is no fear and fear. "
She said that she was temporarily approved for bail. She went to the police station in July to thank all circles for their concern for her and pursuing freedom of democracy in Hong Kong people and insisting on mourning.
** Chen Baoying: You cannot stop mourning to guard the history of June 4th because of the intimidation of the regime.
Due to the mourning of June 4th, Chen Baoying, a socialist chairman of the Social President took away in Causeway Bay, told the station after being released that the original plan to bring flowers in the pedestrian area in Victoria Garden expressed his grief for a short -term silent station, but did not succeed. She saw other citizens at the time, but she was taken away in black. It was not reasonable to criticize the Hong Kong government to even mourn in peace. She also pointed out that police actions have seriously restricted the people's personal and expression of freedom. She believes that the person who stood up like her yesterday was a little candlelight who wanted to protect the June 4th.
Chen Baoying: "On the sixth day, several people who wanted to mourn near Victoria Garden were stated that they could involve" incite intention ". I think of this history written by so many people with flesh and blood, and even their mother wants to investigate the truth. The difficulties and hardships they face are many times more than us. I think it is more responsible to make people forget. The four mournings are unable to intimidate because of the regime, obstruct and stop personal mourning activities. We are just everyone who has returned to their own persistence. "
A people who commemorate June 4th were taken away by the Hong Kong police (pictures of Reuters)
Cai Yaochang believes that many Hong Kong people are not full of senior Hong Kong government officials and deeds without fear and insistence on the streets to mourn June 4th 
The former vice chairman of the branch association Cai Yaochang, on the June 4th night, came to Hong Kong University, who had placed the "Pillar of Guo Yan" alone, was also stopped by the police. It was also warned that if he did not leave, the National Security Police would act. Although he was willing to leave, he was also tracked by plainclothes for half an hour before leaving after the plain clothes. He returned to the old site of the June 4th Memorial Hall in order to complete the mourning without police intervention. He believes that the words and deeds of senior Hong Kong government officials this year are the reasons that inspire Hong Kong people to insist on mourning June 4th.
Cai Yaochang: "The biggest trigger point may be that the Chief Executive or the Director of the Law of the Law of the Law is unclear whether the Hong Kong people mourn the law in June 4th, but the director of the Security Bureau Deng Bingqiang warned that anyone would make a behavior that endanger national security on a special day. Police must enforce the law. The police also inspected the high -profile inspections of Victoria Park, and sent special forces to wait, making Hong Kong people who had mourned for more than 64 years felt that it was not a taste. Everyone tried to find some space to express. "
Xu Zhifeng worried mourning person or the successor of the Hong Kong government after the fall of the autumn 
Xu Zhifeng, a former member of the Democratic School of the Hong Kong Legislative Council, said that he admires Hong Kong people bravely expressing their opinions and mourning June 4th under high pressure. He said that observing the law enforcement operations of the Police Police in June Fourth, and found that the standards of different standards made it difficult for Hong Kong people to express their opinions in a completely legal method.
Xu Zhifeng: "There are 64 items in the backpack. If there is no display, they must be taken away. This behavior obviously has nothing to do with the public order. It is only related to politics. , The Seed Demonstration of the Red Line is erratic. This is a portrayal of the post -National Security Law. It cannot be touched. What he wants. "
Xu Zhifeng said that although the mourning people who were arrested and carried in the past two days were temporarily released by the police and could be released on bail, according to the situation of the National Security Law, it was possible that after two or three years, the government was After the autumn, I believe that their willingness to take risks has moved many Hong Kong people.
The senior commissioner's office of the United Nations Human Rights Affairs was shocked by this, urging anyone who was detained by those who were detained by exercise of freedom of speech and freedom of peace assembly, and called on the Hong Kong Government to fully abide by the Obligations of the International Convention on Citizens' Rights and Political Rights.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec-06052023111042.html 
Chinese fake medicine capsules are mixed with starchy citric acid illegal profits of 50 million 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:38:55-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:38:55-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Hubei Nanzhang Police recently discovered that "Sanyang Kidney Treasure" and "Powerful Bao", which claimed to be able to reduce lipids and blood pressure, have been identified as fake medicines. Web image
According to the Chinese media "Surging News", Hubei Nanzhang Police recently discovered that "Sanyang Kidney Treasure" and "Powerful Treasure" that claimed to be able to reduce lipids and blood pressure have been identified as fake medicines. The suspects of manufacturing fake medicines mix starch and citric acid into a capsule, which is known as the "magic medicine" that can treat diseases such as diabetes and hypertension, and illegally profit is about 50 million yuan.
According to reports, at the scene of the suspect's production of fake medicines, the police seized various equipment and a large number of fake products, semi -finished products and raw materials.
Li Yunlong, deputy director of the Limiao Police Station of Nanzhang County Public Security Bureau, Xiangyang City, Hubei, told the Chinese media that these fake drugs are mainly starch, citric acid, and a small amount of Chinese medicine powder and other mixed packaging. hypotensive. The cost of these fake medicines is about a few cents. After the packaging, the suspect is sold to the offline at a price of 2 yuan. Finally, it is sold to the pharmacy for 8 yuan, and the pharmacy is sold at 20 yuan.
At present, six members of the gangs who trafficking fake medicine have been criminally detained by the police, and the case is still under investigation.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-06052023123401.html 
The United Nations expressed "shock" by the commemorative of the Hong Kong police detaining the June 4th incident 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:39:48+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 10:31:01Z
Description: The United Nations said on Monday that the Hong Kong detention incident related to the 34th anniversary of the suppression of Tiananmen Square was "shocked", and China said that this financial center is moving from "chaos" to prosperity.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '纪念六四']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/united-nations-alarmed-by-hong-kong-june-4-detentions-20230605/7123009.html 
Is the Chinese Ministry of Commerce be more useful to attract foreign capital? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:42:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:51:33-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Journalism Office of the State Council of China held a routine briefing of the State Council in Beijing on June 5th Network screenshot
At the policies of the Chinese State Council on June 5th, the Ministry of Commerce stated that it would actively promote the construction of a unified market in the country, attract and use foreign investment, including continuous expansion of market access, increase investment promotion work, and continue to continue Do a good job in the services of foreign -funded enterprises and create an international first -class foreign investment environment, carry out "investment in the Chinese year" investment promotion activities, and create more opportunities for domestic and foreign investment docking.
However, the American media Wall Streetjournal reported on the same day that foreign -funded enterprises have implemented the "China+N" strategy to decentralize investment in response to the increase in risks in Chinese business. Multiple countries.
It is reported that factors including geopolitical turmoil, impact of the new crown epidemic, the competition of the United States and China, and the increasingly unpredictable positions of the Chinese government's foreign companies have enabled foreign capital to start building more production bases outside China.
Prior to this, many foreign companies including Tesla, JPMORGAN, Starbucks and other foreign companies just visited China. Although foreign companies opened their arms to welcome the Chinese market after unblocking, they are still uncertainty. Hold doubt.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-06052023123949.html 
Born in 1989, they are creating history 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (萧雨, 王平)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:47:16+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 17:00:41Z
Description: When the suppression occurred on June 4, 1989, Ashley was in the mother's belly. "Other people's prenatal education is Mozart, mine is June 4th," Sunday (June 4), she said to the American voice before the Boston Six Fourth Candle Gala.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['纪念六四', '美国', '人权']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/commemorative-events-in-boston-20230604/7123010.html 
Comment | He Qinglian: The Four Prime Ministers of China and the Infinite Performance of Debt 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:48:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:43:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 China's economic development has always been connected to the "debt" data map
The debt platform is not a new thing in China. China's economic development has always been connected to the word "debt". Since the 1990s, China has experienced Zhu Rongji to the four prime ministers of Li Qiang. After Zhu Rongji took office, the "triangle debt" achieved the hard work of the "triangle debt", which made it known as the "most economical prime minister in China". Wen Jiabao is very lucky. Shang Cheng Cheng Zemin joined the WTO, and Zhu Rongji's reform of state -owned enterprises has created the monopoly of dozens of state -owned enterprises oligarchs. The world was deeply affected by the financial crisis in 2009, and the city was launched in 2009. This rescue was that when Li Keqiang and Li Qiang took over as the prime minister, they would take over the burden of handling debts.
Why did Zhu Rongji be known as the Prime Minister of Iron and Blood? 
In 1990, the core issue of China's economic rectification was to clean up the bougainvillea. From 1991 to 1992, the "triangular debt" was the largest at the largest scale of the bank's total credit, and the country's triangular bonds reached about 300 billion (the total GDP in 1991 was 1991 trillion yuan). In the "triangular debt" chain, the so -called "triangular debt" is no longer a serial debt problem of A, B, and C in owing A in the simple sense, but ropes that tied the Chinese economy. Clean up the Bougainvillea and become the first single task after Zhu Rongji served as the Vice Premier of the State Council.
At that time, the national media talked about the serious triangle bonds. The main reasons for the formation of bougainvillea were summarized as: First, due to the serious budget of construction projects, insufficient investment plans and self -raised funds that year, a serious fixed asset investment gap was caused to form a pair of pairs. The production department's loans and construction enterprises have arrears in large quantities; the second is that the company's losses are serious and crowded the enterprise's own funds and bank loans. , Form input-output-backlog-arrears-re-input-re-output-back pressure vicious cycle.
In order to allow readers to understand at the fastest speed, Zhu Rongji chose the pilot to arrears in the northeast three provinces and four cities as an example. According to the investigation at that time, Zhu Rongji's cleanup policy set was based on the root cause of the root cause. Starting from solving the source of the triangle debt, focusing on cleaning up the source of the triangle debt in fixed asset investment projects, at the same time, it has paid close attention to the promotion of production and voltage libraries, adjusting the product structure, and increasing profits to increase profits. Essence The first stop was selected in the Anshan Iron and Steel Factory because the largest steel plant in China at that time was suffering from the "triangle debt" to torture: At that time, Anshan Steel sold for 30 million yuan of steel in Shenyang Cable Factory. Because there is no money, Ansteel cannot pay the coal money required for steelmaking, which causes coal mines to no longer supply Ansteel Coal. The coal of coal mines cannot be sold, and wages cannot be paid, and the life of coal mine workers is difficult. Before the research team went, Anshan Iron and Steel was facing the risk of stopping production in boilers.
The "triangle debt" of coal mines, Ansteel, and Shenyang Cable Factory was a microcosm of China's economy at that time. Zhu Rongji believes that the serial clearing has the effect of unchanged recruits: for example, investing in funds for power plants, the power plant also gives the equipment manufacturer, and the equipment manufacturer will be given to the steel mills and steel plants to the coal mine and the railway. , Invest 1 yuan to clean up 3 yuan. If it is done well, it can achieve the effect of 1: 4 or even 1: 5. According to this instructions, Liaoning's first batch of pilot enterprises in owed are mainly selected from the production materials industries such as mechanical and electrical, metallurgy, coal, non -ferrous, and building materials. In the three northeast provinces, the first batch of companies to clean up the "triangle debt" chose about 300 households. In the case of the debt and debt of the pilot enterprise, the debt of the pilot enterprise was a solid and specific foundation, and the 14 working groups were sent to the key provinces and cities in the Northeast to help the arrears. Zhu Yan's fundamental people rushed to the "triangular debt" with the most tangled Eastern province, sitting in person, and the scene was arrears.
The results of the arrears are as follows: Use Zhu Rongji to inject funds, linked goods, structural adjustment, stretch the source, and the deserted arrears, etc., only 26 days, cleaning up 12.5 billion yuan in arrears, Northeast China issues Basically solved. After success in the Northeast, it was promoted to the whole country. In 1991 and 1992, 300 billion yuan involved triangular bonds of local governments, banks, and many enterprises. 100 million yuan triangle debt.
This is the first ax after Zhu Rongji was transferred from Shanghai to the Vice Premier of the State Council. Due to his sharp style, this most difficult work actually worked quickly, and was applauded by Deng Xiaoping and the country. Since then, the "Economic Tsar" and "Iron Blood Prime Minister" have become the nickname of Zhu Rongji, and "understanding the economy" is his golden signboard.
Why do Chinese local debt build high debt? 
The Huwen period was the "Golden Ten Years" since China's reform and opening up. The Chinese economy has entered a growing fast track with an average annual double -digit growth rate. However Infrastructure construction and real estate development such as "iron publicity", local debt has accumulated rapidly. 2012 is the year of Hu Xi's handover. The following year, the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences issued a national balance sheet preparation and risk assessment report, announcing that the debt between the central government and the local government in 2012 was close to 28 trillion, accounting for 53 GDP of the year. %. The overall national asset -liability ratio is on the rise, and the risk of debt has increased accordingly. Among them, local government debt is 1.994 trillion, which must attract great attention. The assessment report also pointed out that local government debt also involves many aspects such as urban investment companies, trust institutions, banks, and real estate companies. The risk points of the national balance sheet are also mainly reflected in projects such as real estate credit, local debt, and bank non -performing loans. The medium- and long -term risks are more concentrated in projects such as foreign assets, corporate debt, and social security debt.
According to the No. 24 announcement announced by the National Audit Office at the time, as of the end of 2012, the debt balance of 36 local governments (15 provinces and its capital cities, 3 municipalities and three cities) of the spot check was 3.85 trillion yuan, existing The pressure on debt repayment, high -repayment old rate, high -priced financing, outstanding financing, and other issues, including 16 regions, are not debt -if China allows the government to go bankrupt, these 16 provinces will become China's "Detroit".
In other words, China was a "Noah's Ark of the World Economy" in the 5 trillion saving market in 2009, but soon tasted the risk of excessive debt.
Hu Wen to Xi to clean up local debt four times 
From the time to accepting the prime minister, Li Keqiang took over the hot potato of the local debt. Since 2011, based on the needs of standardized debt control, the central and local governments have gone through three local government debt audits (2011, 2013, 2014) and a trigger specifically for hidden debt. The policies have been introduced accordingly, requiring to further improve the local government debt mechanism, and propose measures to replace debt, special reinsurance debt, regional pilot and other measures for debt replacement. The debt quagmire cannot be extracted. By 2017, the Chinese government began to identify hidden debt, hoping to find out the debt chassis, solve the idea, and finally found that hidden debt was a confused account that the local government could not say. Quite even bigger. Time is no longer: "There is no Zhang Juzheng in the world" **
Considering that the three -time debt clearance has not been seen, at present, governments from all over China are deeply trapped in local debt difficulties. Some domestic economists have proposed that solving local debt dilemma requires the central government to invest in "starting funds". This is from Zhu Rongji's experience of cleaning up the Bougainvillea. He hopes that the central government will invest 1 yuan and can reach the goal of 1: 3.
However, Zhu Rongji was no longer cleaning up the Bougainvillea debt, and things and reason were different. Look at my analysis.
At that time, when Zhu Rongji was appointed as the Deputy Prime Minister, when China was still transitioning to the market economy, the reason why the "Iron Blood Prime Minister" could ban is because of this era;
At that time, the triangular bonds were mainly in the real economy field. To clean up the source of production and supply and marketing, the economy could be revitalized. The issue of local debt is due to the excessive dependence on land and infrastructure projects in the real estate market. The real estate market is now seriously saturated and there is no enough buyer to enter the market. Infrastructure projects are the public welfare of the government and do not pursue market benefits. The source of the problem lies in the government. In the field of financial, the central government has re -injected capital. It is still used to solve the local financial financial, and it cannot produce benefits in the production field.
Zhu Rongji's 300 billion -mesh -billion -dollar debt accounted for only one -seventh of the total GDP at that time. Nowadays, local debt is too huge, and 66 trillion local debt accounts for half of China's second largest economy in China. Even if the central government is interested in injection of capital, it can only be printed to invest in people's finances, resulting in soaring inflation. China RMB is not as hard as the US dollar in the world. The US dollar is over -issued and inflation is processed.
In the past ten years of Ming Wanli, Zhang Juzheng was undergoing righteousness, and his economic prosperity was full. After Zhang Juzheng, the Ming Dynasty finance began to show serious problems. At that time, people lamented that "there is no Zhang Juzheng in the world." The word is quoted here. One layer of meaning refers to Zhu Rongji's ability and courage, and more refers to the time and potential of the "Iron Blood Prime Minister" to clean up the bougainvillea. The first level of the United States is a local autonomy, and the bankruptcy of Detroit rotes the city. China is a layered management under the centralized centralization. Once the local government bankrupts, the central centralization is rooted.
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/heqinglian/hql-06052023115658.html 
The Hong Kong Government "condemn" the United Nations and the June Association to support June 4th to commemorate the arrested Hong Kong people 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:51:03-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:51:03-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 UNITED NATIONSHIGH Commissioner for Human Rights appealed to the Hong Kong Government on June 5 to release anyone who was detained for "exercise freedom of speech and freedom of peace". UNCHR Twitter Screenshot
The Hong Kong government arrested more than 20 people during the 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary, including Mai Yanting, former chairman of the Hong Kong Journalists Association. UNITED NATIONS HighCommissioner for HumanricHTS "shocked" on Twitter on June 5, and called on the Hong Kong Government to release anyone who was detained for "exercising freedom of speech and freedom of peace."
The Hong Kong Security Agency issued a statement on June 5 that the "strong opposition and condemnation" of the UN Higherman Senior Commissioner's Office and the Hong Kong Records Association unreasonably discredited police law enforcement operations. The action made upside down, and emphasized that any attempt to slander the rule of law and freedom of Hong Kong and try to destroy Hong Kong's prosperity and stability will only be futile.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin said at a regular press conference on the same day that he firmly supports the Hong Kong government, but in response, he did not mention the words "June 4th Tian Anmen Incident". "" ".
This station had previously reported that June 4th was the fourth consecutive year that Hong Kong did not commemorate the candlelight party, but the Hong Kong police still waited strictly and sent at least 5,000 police forces on the day of June 4th. Many people were arrested and taken away in the evening.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-06052023124316.html 
Chinese Ambassador to Japan: Ruo Ri will be limited to China Semiconductor Exports will be "winning the United States alone" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:55:17-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:55:17-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chinese ambassador to Japan Wu Jiang Hao Wiki Encyclopedia
According to the news released by the Chinese Embassy in Japan on June 5, Chinese Ambassador Wu Jianghao recently said in a speech at the Japan International Trade Promotion Association that if Japan insists on setting up Sino -Japanese semiconductor cooperation, it will be not only huge in China that will be lost. The market is the future of Japan's own business reputation and the semiconductor industry. He even said that the purpose of the United States is to re -establish semiconductor hegemony. If you go on the routine designed by the United States, "that is the China -Japan Loster and the United States win alone."
In March of this year, Nishimura Kangyu, Minister of Economics and Industry of Japan, announced that it will strengthen export control of 23 high -performance semiconductor manufacturing equipment for 6 categories. Although it has not been named China, it is generally believed that this move is to respond The requirements of the Hua Gao's export review make the review of the semiconductor industry of China more stringent.
In addition, Wu Jianghao said in his speech that the current situation of Sino -Japanese relations is severe and complicated, and many new problems, new risks, and new challenges have been encountered. In particular, the US factors have become the largest external challenges that affect the stable development of Sino -Japanese relations. He also said that the Japanese side publicly positioned China as "unprecedented strategic challenges", and actively followed the United States to curb China at the Seventh National Group (G7) summit. Confidence in the world.
After the conclusion of the Seventh -way Group Leadership Summit last month, the Chinese government criticized the Seven Kingdoms Group to "speculate on the issue of China" and summoned the Japanese ambassador to China, but it was refuted by Japan's "reasonable and well -evident" issues.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-06052023125253.html 
The study shows that "Fengcheng" is "insignificant" to reduce the mortality of the new crown 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T12:59:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:59:52-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 A community in Beijing was blocked during the epidemic. Photo on April 27, 2022. Associated Press information picture
The British "The Telegraph" published a study on June 4th that strict control measures were "insignificant" in reducing the role of new crown mortality, which is a "policy failure".
Scientists at the University of Johns Hopkins and the University of Longde, Sweden have investigated nearly 20,000 research on epidemic control measures. The research results show that severe seal control measures are "slightly insignificant" on reducing the mortality of the new crown epidemic, such as Sweden, such as Sweden Compared with countries, the implementation of strictly blocked England and Wales only reduced 1,700 death cases. The study concluded that compared with the alarming cost of sealing control measures, the number of deaths saved was only Ji Niu and one hair.
Larsjonung, a co -author of the report and a honorary professor at the University of Longde, Sweden, said this was the first study that comprehensively evaluated the impact of compulsory sealing city. He said that the results of this research represent the promise of Faing and control, which is very small for the benefits of national health, but it brings catastrophic economic, social and political costs to society. It is the biggest policy error in modern times.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-06052023125621.html 
Türkiye's May inflation rate dropped to 40%for the first time in 16 months 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T13:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:35:01+00:00
Description: (AFP Istanbul, 5th) According to the official data released by Turkey today, it was affected by the government's temporary measures to temporarily provide free natural gas in the household, and the May inflation rate of Turkey fell to less than 40%, which was the first time in 16 months.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to the Turkish Bureau of Statistics, the annual growth rate of the Consumer Price Index (CPI) was 39.6%, an increase of 0.04%compared with the previous month, which was almost the same.
However, these official data released by the Turkish President Recep Tayyiperdogan on May 28th were first announced by the "Inflation Research Team" (ENAG) established by a group of independent economists in Turkish groups. Essence
The Inflation Research Group pointed out that the inflation rate of Turkey falls between 105%and 109%. The question is whether the free natural gas provided by the government is calculated.
The El section, who is about to start the 3rd presidential term, has stated that dealing with inflation is his primary task.
Turkey's inflation rate exceeded 85%in the fall of 2022, and then slowed down in November.
Although the price continues to rise every month, the increase is smaller than the same period last year.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230605-%E5%9C%9F%E8%80%B3%E5%85%B65%E6%9C%88%E9%80%9A%E8%86%A8%E7%8E%87%E9%99%8D%E8%87%B340-%E4%BB%A5%E4%B8%8B-16%E4%B8%AA%E6%9C%88%E6%9D%A5%E9%A6%96%E6%AC%A1 
Australian school buses hit the camel to drive on the spot 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T13:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T12:35:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Sydney, 5th) A school bus driver in eastern Australia drove into two camels today, and then fell into the embankment and died on the spot.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Police said that when the 40 -year -old deceased drove a school bus alone this morning, he hit a camel in Nankin, Queensland rural areas.
Queensland police issued a statement that a preliminary investigation showed that the school bus hit two camels and fell into the embankment. The driving was seriously injured and died on the spot; the two camels were killed by the accident.
John Richardson, a camel breeder, told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) that the police had informed him that his camel was involved in a car accident and he felt "struggling."
Li Chasun also said that he found his camel portal open.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E6%BE%B3%E6%B4%B2%E6%A0%A1%E8%BD%A6%E6%92%9E%E9%AA%86%E9%A9%BC-%E9%A9%BE%E9%A9%B6%E5%BD%93%E5%9C%BA%E4%B8%A7%E5%91%BD 
The 721 investigation reported that Cai Yuling, a reporter was sentenced to the ultimate appeal to Hong Kong reporter, won 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T13:05:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:15:52-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In front of Radio Hong Kong, Cai Yuling accepted a reporter from reporter Wu Tingkang from the Court of Final Audit after the prosecution.(https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec2-06052023125107.html/@@stream)Cai Yuling, former female director of Radio Hong Kong, was accused of false statements by the Hong Kong government when investigating the 721 attack of the Yuen Long 721 attack in 2020. Cai Yuling was dissatisfied with the verdict and had appealed for nearly three years and was dismissed.
Hong Kong Yuanlang Baiyi people who have attacked the citizen's incident still need to be pursued * Short light in news storms: Remember people who are still insisting 
Former Director Cai Yuling, former director of Radio Hong Kong, re -shaped the truth about the 7.21 attack incident in Yuen Long in 2020. Using the survey method commonly used by reporters to obtain personal information involved in the involved in the attack on the attack, he was later reported by the Hong Kong government And the two items were ruled to make false statements. She refused to accept the judgment.
The Hong Kong Court announced the results of the referee on Monday (June 5), saying that the relevant information application, the restrictions and option requirements were unclear. Considering that Cai Yuling was sincere because of the news report, the application, and the number of media applications and the number of certificates of obtaining certificates issued a certificate. It is a serious injustice to think that Cai Yuling knows how to make a false statement. She unanimously ruled that Cai Yuling won the case.
** Cai Yuling: The judgment affirmed that the freedom of the press should be guaranteed by the law.
After hearing the judgment, Cai Yuling said that the court once again affirmed the freedom of speech and press. It was protected by the law. It was an encouragement for the press and the Hong Kong reporter who was still insisting on. It was also very meaningful for her personally.
Cai Yuling: "It has been 30 months from being arrested to appeal to the Court of Appeal. It is not a short period of time for many people. No matter today's winning or losing, insistence in the past few years is very meaningful. Things. It is really joyful to get this result today. This example shows that it is not an individual or group. Our insistence is worthy of paying attention and encouragement in today's society. I believe the belief in my heart is hard to be taken away. "
Cai Yuling said that he will continue to conduct investigations and reports, but it is acknowledged that this case may be applied to data surveys involving traffic categories. It is hoped that the society can understand that it is important to obtain public information and ensure the freedom of the press.
The Hong Kong Records Association welcomed the decision to explain the courage to Cai Yuling's perseverance, insisting on appealing, and the courage of maintaining the freedom of pressing press. The moment Cai Yuling was arrested was a wrong decision. Success, weaken the role of media seeking truth and supervision of the government, and urge the Hong Kong government to respect the work of journalists to ensure that the right to know the right to know and keep the press is guaranteed.
The Hong Kong Journalism Executive Association stated that journalists to investigate and report on social incidents involving public interests are the responsibilities, and the Hong Kong government managers were urged to check the relevant information to set a clearer guidance.
Cai Yuling, former director of the Radio of Hong Kong, was accused of making false statements when he followed up the 7.21 attack of the Yuen Long to make a special report to apply for a license plate to check the license plate (reporter Wu Tingkang)
Legal community: It cannot be ruled out that the judgment of this case has triggered the government's amendment to tighten the opportunity to get the information to get the information. 
The former "Law and Government Huisi" convener Ren Jianfeng said that Cai Yuling's appeal was successful to some extent, showing the importance of freedom of the press, but it is worth noting that the court's judgment is not the same as that reporters will not be charged in the future investigation report. At the same time, the government can also change the rules of the game unilaterally to prevent reporters from finding the required information.
Ren Jianfeng: "One of the factor that Cai Yuling won this time is that this time she is obviously doing investigations related to news reports. In the future, what is the definition of a news survey may be controversial. In addition, everyone cannot rule out that the government cannot be ruled out. The government cannot. They will change their rules, they can tighten the benchmark of getting the information. "
In the past three years, this case has experienced the application and procedures of multiple courts. Ren Jianfeng said that in addition to the parties to pay, if the appeal fails, it may be recovered by the government for 100,000, or even HK $ 1 million. The road to righteousness is quite difficult for ordinary citizens.
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/ec2-06052023125107.html 
Sydney has held the June 4th Mourning event for two consecutive days to defend history with action 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T13:11:41-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:11:41-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The June 4th parade arrived in Chinatown, Sydney. (Photo by Qiu Dezhen)
On the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, Sydney, Australia, has not held a number of mourning activities in the past week. In addition to a group of people who have long supported democratic movements for a long time, many young post -90s and post -00s young people from China defend historical memories with their actions.
Do not fear the intimidation and disturb the Chinese people stand up and mourn "June 4th" * Responsible for the Global Solidarity of the 47th Case of Hong Kong, the defendant defendant in the Sydney people's city center silent station No fear of China to warn Australia to insist on investigating China 

"Express the Communist Party!Express Xi Jinping!" 
The public shouted the slogan -this is the June 4th rally of the city center of Sydney on June 4. About 200 people at the scene include many young people. The post -00 students studying at the University of Sydney are one of them. He was dressed as a Voonie in the dragon robe, standing publicly on a inflatable tank car.
"Sydney" said it hopes that China can have a government -restricted government. (Photo by Qiu Dezhen) "We should never forgive the people's regime to the people's regime."
He was persecuted because of participating in the "Manchurian Independence Movement", and then the post -90s young man Wu Tong, who was then protected by Australian asylum, came to the scene with the Manchurian flag. Wu Tong mentioned to this station that she used to understand the June 4th incident through the wall; she came to mourn to defend historical memory. she says:
"8964 cannot be forgotten, but also witnessed the CCP's atrocities; some readers need to support us against the CCP's atrocities. So, let's participate in this work."
Participants of the "Manchuria Independence Movement" said that they mourned June 4th to defend historical memory. (Photo by Qiu Dezhen) June 4th suppression of history reversing 
Chen Yonglin, a political consul of the Chinese Consulate General in Sydney, told this station that he witnessed the Democratic Movement in Beijing in 1989; the people who were shot shot by the PLA, including the students of the diplomatic college he knew.
On the evening of June 4 this year, Chen Yonglin came to the Sydney Chinese Consulate to attend the candlelight mourning rally to condemn the CCP's process of blocking China to block China's opening up. He said:
"The Tianmen massacre in 1989 still had bloody, and reversed the history of China to the original state of the wild love."
University of Science and Technology of Sydney(UTS)Associate Professor Feng Chongyi attended a June 4th seminar on June 3; he explained in response to the question of the station that the democratic movement was suppressed in 1989, and then the Communist Party of Eastern Europe fell down. In response, Deng Xiaoping's old veterans supported the second generation of the Red and tried to keep the CCP regime. As a result, the roots of the second -generation dictatorship of China today were planted. He said: "They consciously let their second generation enter the party and government departments, enter the army, especially to control central enterprises and state -owned enterprises."
University of Science and Technology of Sydney(UTS)Associate Professor Feng Chongyi pointed out that in order to protect the Communist Party, the CCP veterans supported the second generation of the Red Second Generation in order to ensure that Jiangshan stayed in the "hands of his own children" and planted today in China.(Photo by Qiu Dezhen) Democratic society should resist the dictatorship 
Lhamo Wong, from Hong Kong and accepting Australian shelter about 3 years ago, told this station that the influence of the CCP in the world must have reached out overseas; she said: "Those Western countries should not be with it at all with it.(Chinese Communist Party)Touring and going should sanction it. "
Sun Baoqiang, who was sentenced to prisoning to the democratic movement in 1989 and was sentenced to Australian asylum in 2011, told this station that the CCP continued to infringe human rights and never improved; We have responsibility. "
Sun Baoqiang reminded that people in a democratic society should support China, Tibet, Uyghur and Hong Kong people to fight for freedom, and support Taiwan to resist the CCP aggression.
Reporter: Qiu Dezhen Editor: Jiayuan.com Editor: He Zuan ****
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/cl-06052023101606.html 
The military aid is used to attack the Russian local Belgium to explain Ukraine 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T13:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:05:02+00:00
Description: (AFP, Brussels, 5th) After a warrior against the Kremlin's soldiers used Belgium to attack the Russian territory, Belgian Prime Minister Alexander de ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Dekru told the Belgian National Radio: "We will ask Ukraines to clarify the situation for us."
"Strict and clear rules: We supply Ukrainian weapons for defending Ukrainian territory."
Dekru's comment is to respond to a report in the "The Washingtonpost" in the United States, which pointed out that Western weapons are used to deal with Belgorod in Russia.
Russian combat groups that support Ukraine have invaded Russia from high -profile land from Ukraine. This group of anti -Keda soldiers is extreme nationalists.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E4%BC%A0%E5%86%9B%E6%8F%B4%E8%A2%AB%E7%94%A8%E4%BA%8E%E6%94%BB%E5%87%BB%E4%BF%84%E6%9C%AC%E5%9C%9F-%E6%AF%94%E5%88%A9%E6%97%B6%E8%A6%81%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E8%A7%A3%E9%87%8A 
Malaysia's head of state urges the subject of Allara as soon as possible 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T13:47
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T18:34
Description: The Malaysian head of state, Sultan Abdullah, was worried about the controversy of the word "Allah", and warned that if this problem was not resolved immediately, it would be a protracted debate, affecting national unity and national well -being. "Malaysia Today" quoted the Malaysian Xinshi report that the head of state of Malaysia ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马来西亚国家元首', '回教徒']
The Malaysian head of state, Sultan Abdullah, was worried about the controversy of the word "Allah", and warned that if this problem was not resolved immediately, it would be a protracted debate, affecting national unity and national well -being.
"Malaysia Today" quoted the Malaysian Xinhe report that the head of Malaysia Adula on Monday (June 5) said at the bookmark ceremony of the head of state's birthday that the argument of Ala's eye is not about the debate of terms and linguistics, but it is Regarding the beliefs of Muslims, any confusion will only cause disaster.
He said: "The government should coordinate the current situation. At the same time, considering the national security, the interests of Muslims, and the status of Iran's head and other Malay ruler, I use Arah's eyes in the correct context of the correct context."
The head of Malaysia said that any argument related to religion, if it is not handled immediately, is like a fire line, and will eventually ignite the fire of hatred between race. Therefore, he said that when dealing with such sensitive issues, all parties should be in a wise and conservative way and embrace tolerance.
The head of Malaysia said that this is in line with Article the first of the national principles to "believe in Cang", and emphasizes that religious philosophy is very important in the social life of Malaysia, and should not be the basis of questioning and controversy.
He said that Islam's lofty and holy were guaranteed for a long time in the process of founding in Malaysia, until the federal Constitution's Article 3 (1) of the Constitution finally stated that the Idoalism was a federal religion.
"Islam was placed in the highest position in the Federal Constitution. It was a consensus reached by the understanding and consent of all parties when the country was independent."
The head of state of Malaysia pointed out that unity requires an enlightened mentality, noble souls, and acceptance of loyalty to monarchs and national loyalty. More importantly, it is not questioned, interfered, and not looking at the religious beliefs and affairs of other races.
"For the unity and future of the country, any religious disputes should be resolved immediately. The spirit of solidarity needs to be developed from home, and further cultivation and irrigation through the lofty values of education and community life in schools, and further strengthening in higher education institutions."
On November 5, 2008, Jillireland, a Christian of Malano, Sarawak, returned to China from Jakarta, Indonesia. When he arrived at the end of the low -cost airport in Kuala Lumpur, the customs confiscated eight Christian textbooks with Allah Eye in her luggage. Essence
In 2010, she challenged the federal government's decision. Kuala Lumpur Gao Court was sentenced in March 2021 that Christians have the right to use the words such as Ala in religious publications. The government led by Prime Minister Muyudin appealed.
However, the Malaysian government withdrew appeals on April 18, 2023. This decision caused a strong rebound of the opposition and some Muslim groups and Muslims.
Prime Minister Anhua recently said in Congress that the federal government proposed to revise or revoke all laws that violate the resolutions of the Malaysian rulers to ensure that only Muslims can use Ala -Eye in West Malaysia and allow East Malaysia to use Alas' eyes limited. Essence This is also to avoid controversy in court again.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401309 
The United States and India will strengthen national defense industry cooperation 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T14:13:00Z
Description: The Indian government told the outside world on June 5 that the country and the United States have reached a roadmap of defense industry cooperation in the next few years. Analysts believe that this will make India more ambitious in the military industry. At the same time, the German Defense Minister criticized India over Russia's arms.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '印度', '美国']
Keywords: ['美国', '印度', '军火', '防务合作', '军工']
Id: 65829771
Singh and Austin(2021 information chart)(Voice of Germany Chinese) This roadmap is on the US Minister of Defense Austin(Lloyd Austin)With India's Minister of Defense Singh(Rajnath Singh)Established during the meeting. At present, Washington is trying to deepen its relationship with New Delhi, hoping to strengthen the military and technology bonds of the world's largest democratic country, thereby making the latter a an important force in checking China in the Asia -Pacific region Essence
After the US Secretary of Defense India, Indian Prime Minister Modi plans to conduct state visit to the United States on June 22 and hold talks with US President Biden. This national defense industry cooperation roadmap is considered significant, because Washington usually has very strict control over its national military technology exports.
Indian Air Force's Russian Soviet 30 fighter jets
No longer relying on Russia? 
The Indian Ministry of Defense disclosed that the talks of the two countries' defense ministers "are particularly focused on finding a way to strengthen industrial cooperation". The two parties will find opportunities to "jointly develop new technologies, produce existing and new equipment, and promote the national defense industry start -ups of the two countries. Cooperation". The Indian Ministry of Defense also stated in a statement that the roadmap aiming to achieve the above goals will guide the policy direction of the next few years.
India is the world's largest imported country, and nearly half of his arms relies on Russia. Visit Germany Defense Polstalius, German Defense, India on June 5(Borispsis)In an exclusive interview with Voice of Germany, it also said that in the long run, " India relies on Russia so much Supply military fire, this does not conform to our interests. So we must consider what we can do. "
In recent years, India has worked hard to achieve the diversification of arms, introducing new equipment from the United States, France, Israel and other countries. New Delhi also hopes that global arms dealers will cooperate with Indian manufacturers to produce locally in India to meet the needs of their own countries and then export. The German Defense Minister revealed that representatives of German military enterprises will also go to India with him.
According to the results of the Ministry of Independence of the United States and the United States on June 5, the Bayeng government will sign an agreement to allow GM to produce engines in India for use for Indian military aircraft.
Austin also revealed that he discussed new measures to strengthen information sharing and improve marine cooperation, including the underwater field. US Secretary of Defense said that the US -Indian defense partnership is important because "we face a world of rapid change; we see bullying and coercion from China, Russia's aggression against Ukraine, trying to redefine the border with force and threaten national sovereignty There are also common challenges across national borders such as terrorism and climate change. "
Austin calls for "democratic countries must be united now, not only around our common interests, but also around common values."
_ (Reuters, etc.) _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美国印度将加强国防工业合作/a-65829771?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Industry forecast: In 2023, the aviation industry will recover the Asian, African and Latin Aviation Department to continue to lose money 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T14:15:00Z
Description: The latest prediction of the International Air Transport Association, given that China will resume profitability this year, this year airlines will be resumed, and the total number of flights will be close to 4.35 billion -almost catching up with the record level of 2019. However, the recovery after the global epidemic is still fragile and still has downward risk.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '通货膨胀', '中国', '中共十九大', '德中关系']
Keywords: ['航空业', '国际航空运输协会', '航空旅行', '新冠', '疫情', '中国', '防疫', '燃料', '通货膨胀', '供应链']
Id: 65829653
The International Air Transport Association predicts that airlines in Asia, Latin America and Africa will continue to be in a loss state in 2023
(Voice of Germany Chinese) According to the Forecast of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) on June 5, in view of the end of China's epidemic prevention restrictions, the net profit of the aviation industry in 2023 will reach 9.8 billion US dollars, which is higher than the previous estimates. Double.
The association also said that the aviation industry's losses in 2022 were only half of the previously estimated $ 3.6 billion.
"Airlines' financial performance in 2023 exceeded expectations", and Williewalsh, director of the International Air Transport Association, issued a statement at the association at the annual conference held by the association in Istanbul. He said that several positive progress has promoted the enhancement of profitability, "China has ended the new crown vaccination restrictions earlier than the outside world this year."
Walsh also said that although the price of flight fuel is still high, it has eased in the first half of this year. He said, "In terms of cost, there are some relief."
Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, leading to surge in energy costs, and the inflation rate in the world surged. However, the prices of oil and natural gas later declined.
In addition, Walsh also said that economic uncertainty did not restrain people's desire to travel, even in the context of increasing fuel costs that led to rising air ticket prices.
The difficult three years of the aviation industry 
In 2019 before the start of the global new crown epidemic, airlines' flights reached a record 4.54 billion.
In 2020, countries closed the border and implemented epidemic prevention and control measures. The aviation industry lost $ 137 billion in this year.
In 2021, the industry lost another $ 42 billion.
In 2022, the situation improved, but the aviation industry was still in a state of losing money (loss of about 1.8 billion US dollars). In this year, China's major aviation market continued to implement new crown epidemic restrictions and let go of December.
*#
Airlines Set crisis Government Sitting in the cockpit 
Rescue can be intervened! 
The German government will use 9 billion euros to Lamasha Air. As a result, the German government's shares were 20%, and the possibility of increased to 25%. This is to keep thousands of employment in the face of malicious acquisitions. German Economic Minister of Economic Minister Peteraltmaier said: The government will not intervene in the company's management affairs.
*#
Airlines Set crisis Government Sitting in the cockpit 
Policies to support great support 
The French government promises to provide 7 billion euros of rescue funds for Airfrance in the crisis. The EU Executive Committee has approved. 7 billion euros include the government's loan guarantee and shareholder loan, so that France can obtain emergency liquidity funds under the impact of the epidemic. In order to help government assistance to open the door, the European Executive Committee relaxed the regulations of the state aid in March, allowing EU countries to more easily support enterprises that have fallen into a financial dilemma due to the new crown epidemic.
*#
Airlines Set crisis Government Sitting in the cockpit 
Wing of Wisdom and Wisdom Plan 
The Government of the Czech Republic is preparing to increase the influence of Smartwings in the country. This airline's parent company is the Czech Republic of China. The country's Minister of Industry even put forward the idea of comprehensive acquisition of the government. The company's manager said that no one was interested in it. What they want is a loan guaranteed by the government, so that the company can have a difficult time.
*#
Airlines Set crisis Government Sitting in the cockpit 
Portuguese Air: Loan or acquisition? 
In order to survive, the half -national Portuguese Airlines (TAP) wants to get a loan guaranteed by the government. The country's Prime Minister also mentioned the possibility of wholly -owned acquisitions. At present, half of this airline belongs to the Portuguese government, and 45%of the shares belong to the American Brazilian shareholder Nielman(Davidneeleman)Essence The remaining 5%belong to the company's employees.
*#
Airlines Set crisis Government Sitting in the cockpit 
isolated and no support? No way, Norwegian Airlines! 
Only with the help of the government, low -cost airlines Norwegian Airlines can barely stay in the air. After a structural reform, the company received a loan permit from the Oslo government. Aercap, a aircraft leasing company, replaced the lease contract in hand with 15.9%of Norwegian Airlines. In addition, 12.67%of the shares belong to BOCAViation, which is controlled by Bank of China.
*#
Airlines Set crisis Government Sitting in the cockpit 
Breaking the record of no loss in 48 years 
Singapore Airlines announced that the company has entered a loss for the first time in 48 years. Under the new crown epidemic, most of Xinhang's planes parked the ground. Most of the company has been nationalized. Temasek, a government holding company, has more than 50%of Shinhang's shares. For the Singaporean government, it is particularly important to not interfere with the operation of the company's management.
*#
Airlines Set crisis Government Sitting in the cockpit 
Bay Air: Government assistance is the foundation of life 
Emirates, Etihad Airlines and Qatar Airlines are state -owned airlines in the Gulf area. They have long attracted criticism from competitors. Criticism states that the three airlines supported by the Gulf State Government can be funded by the government without setting up the limit, and they can exclude other airlines with this unfair competitive advantage. Before the outbreak of the new crisis, the growth momentum of these three Gulf airlines exceeded the industry average.
*#
Airlines Set crisis Government Sitting in the cockpit 
government intervention is not newAuthor: Hardy Graupner 
### "1.2%net profit margin is also worth celebrating" 
The International Aviation Transport Association said on Monday (June 5) that the total revenue of the aviation industry this year is expected to increase to $ 803 billion, an increase of nearly 10%over 2022.
Although the entire industry will be profitable, Walsh pointed out that the net profit obtained from each passenger is only $ 2.25-this is equivalent to about 1.2%of net profit margins.
The International Air Transport Association, which represents about 300 airlines and 83%of the global airline passenger volume, said that North American Airlines' net profit will rise to $ 11.5 billion this year. The company's net profit is $ 2 billion. At the same time, airlines in Asia, Latin America and Africa will continue to be in a loss.
According to the forecast of the International Air Transport Association, this year airlines will face a total fuel cost of US $ 215 billion, that is, $ 98.5 per barrel. This decreases from the average cost of $ 135.6 per barrel in 2022. Fuel will account for 28%of the total cost of airlines this year, while the number is 24%in 2019.
"After experiencing the in -depth loss of the new crown epidemic, even 1.2%of the net profit margin is worth celebrating," Walsh said. "But given that the average passengers of the airlines only earn $ 2.25, repair the damaged balance sheet and provide investors with sustainable capital returns, it will continue to be a challenge for many airlines," he added.
Several factors may affect the profitability of the aviation industry 
According to the International Air Transport Association, the profitability of the aviation industry is "fragile" and may be affected by several factors, including the central bank's interest rate hike against inflation. In addition, the risk of economic recession still exists. If the economic recession leads to unemployment, the industry's prospects may change negative changes.
The association also said that although the Ukraine War did not have a "significant impact" on the profitability of most airlines, if the conflict was upgraded, it might damage Global Airlines. "A wider range of geopolitical tensions have affected the international trade. Any upgrade of this tension represents the downward risk of the industry's prospects."
Since the new crown epidemic, the supply chain problem of global trade has also existed. The International Air Transport Association said: "Airlines have been directly affected by the broken supply chain of aircraft components, and aircraft and engine manufacturers have not solved this problem. The ability to have a negative impact. "
(Agence France -Presse)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/行业预测：2023年航空业将复苏-亚非拉航司继续亏损/a-65829653?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
South Korea condemned North Korea and hinted that she would no longer notify the launch activities in advance 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T14:28
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T14:44
Description: In response to North Korea's hints that they would not notify the international maritime organization (IMO) aerospace carrier launch plan in advance, the South Korean Ministry of Unity said that North Korea's acts are getting farther and farther from international rules and common sense, which is disappointing. Yonhap News Agency reported that Bingshan, a spokesman for the Ministry of Unity of South Korea (June ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩朝关系', '韩国', '朝鲜', '卫星']
In response to North Korea's hints that they would not notify the international maritime organization (IMO) aerospace carrier launch plan in advance, the South Korean Ministry of Unity said that North Korea's acts are getting farther and farther from international rules and common sense, which is disappointing.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that Bingshan, a spokesman for the South Korean Ministry of Unification, said on Monday (June 5) that the attitude of North Korea will only be more isolated by the international community and exacerbate the pain of the people. South Korea has once again urged North Korea to move towards the right path.
North Korea recently posted a document in the name of "International Issues Critics (Transliteration)" in the DPRK and China to condemn North Korea's shooting in the history of international maritime organizations and warned that the international maritime organization must master North Korea's launch in the future in the future. The time of the satellite and the falling point of the aircraft.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401315 
UBS is expected to complete the Credit acquisition after the fastest week 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T14:29
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T14:37
Description: UBS (UBS) is expected to complete the acquisition of Credit Suisse, which will be completed in the earliest week, that is, next Monday (June 12). The two banks made this announcement on Monday (5th). After the acquisition is completed, Creditsee's stock and the United States deposit ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['瑞士银行', '瑞士信贷', '收购']
UBS (UBS) is expected to complete the acquisition of Credit Suisse, which will be completed in the earliest week, that is, next Monday (June 12).
The two banks made this announcement on Monday (5th). After the acquisition is completed, Creditver ’s stock and US Stock Stock (ADS) will be delisted from the Swiss Stock Exchange (SIX) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
This acquisition is Yu announced on March 19 this year of. Trust -Credit shareholders will receive a UBS shares for each 22.8 shares.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401316 
Running Legend Haynez died and enjoyed birthday 76 years old 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T14:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T14:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Los Angeles 5th) The World Athletics (World Athletics) announced today that 100 meters of sprints in human history ran into 10 seconds for the first time in 10 seconds.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In 1968, Haynez became the first player in history to officially break the 100 -second of the 10 -second mark in history in the US track and field championship in Sacramento. At that time, the manual timing score was 9 seconds 9.
Late in the same year, when Haynez won the 1968 Mexican Olympic 100 -meter sprint gold medal, he became the first player in the electronic chronological age with a score of 9.95.
His record has been maintained for 15 years, and it was not until 1983 that another American player Calvinsmith surpassed 9 seconds 93. This is also the longest world record of men's 100 meters in the era of automatic chronograph.
Haynez was the son of a construction worker. He was born in September 1946 in Dumas, Arkosana, but he grew up in Oakland, California.
According to reports, Haynez originally wanted to be a baseball player, but his track and field coach Jimcoleman discovered his talent in sprint. By the age of 17, he had ranked among the top 20 yards in the top 20 in the world. (About 91.44 meters) Runner.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230605-%E7%9F%AD%E8%B7%91%E4%BC%A0%E5%A5%87%E6%B5%B7%E6%81%A9%E5%85%B9%E9%80%9D%E4%B8%96-%E4%BA%AB%E5%AF%BF76%E5%B2%81 
Chinese students leading London & QUOTN, June 4th & Quot; Parade Hong Kong people support awakened Chinese 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T14:39:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T15:16:23-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Many Chinese students hold flowers and self -made slogans, and silently join the rally. Photo by Lu Xi Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/al-0605202314.html/@stream On the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th", although there was no candlelight in the Victoria Park in Hong Kong, the commemorative activities blossomed. There are more than 50 parades, exhibitions and assemblies around the world. Among them, the June 4th commemorative event held by London, England on Sunday (4th) was first ahead of Chinese students, and led Hong Kong people, Tibetans and Uighurs and other communities. Tradition of 34 years.
"White Paper Movement" after the first leader of Chinese students in London, London for the first time * Special Report on the 34th Anniversary of June 4th: Young women who take the microphone on the square The British Report on the Half of the Hong Kong Situation "urges the cancellation of the National Security Law of the Hong Kong area 
"We want to be free!We have to oppose violence!We have to protect human rights!" 34 years ago, the demands of students in Tiananmen Square, Beijing sounded at the Square in Tellaka, London. A group of non -profit organization "ChinaDeviants" (temporarily translated "Chinese Anti -Thief"), which is composed of a group of students in Britain and Chinese students, held a rally in London on Sunday (4th). In the "imitation" method, they imitated the students in Tiananmen Square that year, and their heads were tied to the cloth strip of "the last generation", "freedom of the press", and "freedom of speech". And repeat the scene where the tank hit the students. On -site showing giant "pillars of the country", the historical photos of the massacre, plastic tanks and other props, as well as various posters and slogans.
Many Chinese students hold flowers and self -made slogans, and silently join the rally.(Lu Xi shooting) 
Many Chinese students hold flowers and self -made slogans, and silently join the rally.(Lu Xi shooting) Chinese students: Don't make the truth hidden into the smoke 
Seeing at the scene, many Chinese students held flowers and self -made slogans, and silently joined it. Chinese students are made by oranges to participate in the rally of the slogan "In the history of the history, in the hearts of people, don't let the truth hidden in the dust and smoke", and the font contains the word "64". She told this station that this sentence comes from a TV series in China, hoping to express a message: "These incidents (June 4th) will actually stay in the history albums and people's hearts, as long as we have always had such activities; even if we have such activities; Can't be able to pass it on, we can continue to pass it. "
Many Chinese students hold flowers and self -made slogans, and silently join the rally.(Lu Xi shooting) 
Many Chinese students hold flowers and self -made slogans, and silently join the rally.(Lu Xi shooting) 
As a Chinese student, she admits that participating in the June 4th commemorative activities will have safety concerns, but still feel that there is a need to participate in it. She believes that as long as the more people participate, the less risks for everyone can bear.
Chinese students: It is June 4th * * also " iron chain girl " and Li Wenliang 
Chinese student M said that although she had some awareness of June 4th, she had not seen Chinese students standing up to hold a mourning activity. Now that I finally waited for this opportunity, she felt that it was necessary to participate, expressing their dissatisfaction with various incidents in China in recent years: "Because I think this is the obligation of every citizen. We use such activities to express our dissatisfaction. I think it is also a comprehensive dissatisfaction with the past two years, including the prevention and control policy of the epidemic, and the comprehensive dissatisfaction of large and small things. Many things have happened in China, such as the 'iron chain girl' Incidents, such as Dr. Li Wenliang's incident, there are countless incidents, comprehensive dissatisfaction. "

Hong Kong people: Even if we do not support * * Who supports it? 
There are many Hong Kong people who support Chinese students in the crowd. Hong Kong people Billy have participated in the candlelight party participating in the Victoria Park in Hong Kong over the past few decades. He said that the first time Chinese students came out to host the June 4th Memorial Campaign, which was of great significance, and was pleased: "In fact, commemorating the June 4th activities should be done by the Chinese. We have always been helping them in Hong Kong. . Of course we are also in the same vein. If we do n’t even support them, who will support them? There are still many people with conscience in the mainland, but some people cannot receive information. In fact Mainlanders, I am very supportive. "
Chinese students later led Hong Kong people, Tibetans, and Uighur communities to march outside the London City to the Chinese Embassy in the UK, and joined a party hosted by the International Amnesty Organization for 34 years. The rally holding a slogan and electronic candle, mourning the dead of June 4th, and supported Zou Xingtong, the former vice chairman of the former Hong Kong Branch Federation of Hong Kong Federations in prison. About 400 people participated at the peak.

A large number of Hong Kong people support the June 4th Memorial Campaign organized by Chinese students.(Lu Xi shooting) On the same day, there was a 64 candlelight party hosted by Hong Kong people in the Kingston district of Hong Kong. The organizer said that 1,200 people participated. Except for London, at least 7 cities across the UK have 64 mourning activities, allowing the banned candlelight in Hong Kong to illuminate all over the UK.
Ye Qiyuan, executive director of the "29 Principles" of overseas Hong Kong people who participated in the rally in London, told this station that Hong Kong was originally a very free place. However, since 2019, it has become the same as China. All attempts to commemorate June 4 The activities are prevented. She believes that overseas Hong Kong people and Chinese people should continue to speak, asking the Chinese government to be responsible for their evil deeds, and support political prisoners who are still trapped.
Reporter: Lv Xi (London) Editor:
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/al-06052023103614.html 
Chinese social media review and upgrade foreign embassies Weibo to commemorate the June 4th delete 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-05T14:44:00Z
Description: Netizens responded that many Chinese network platforms have become more stringent during the June 4th period. Even some applications have temporarily prohibited the replacement of user avatars and nicknames on the grounds of "system maintenance". At the same time, many foreign ambassadors in China posted on Weibo to commemorate June 4th, but most of them were quickly deleted.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['希腊债务危机', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '谷歌', '诺贝尔奖', '天安门', '欧洲难民危机', '欧洲', '香港']
Keywords: ['六四', '天安门', '网络审查', '欧盟', '蜡烛', '坦克', '禁言', '香港', '社群媒体', '微博', '抖音']
Id: 65829947
Commemorating June 4th is considered illegal in China
(Voice of Germany) During the June 4th period, the review of related sensitive elements on the Internet is stricter than usual. For example, on June 3 last year, China's "Live Brother" Li Jiaqi was exposed to the tank -shaped cake because of the live broadcast of the goods, and the live broadcast was immediately interrupted by no warning Essence
In June 4th this year, some Chinese netizens said that some of the contents that could be sent last year could not be sent out this year, and even comments that forwarded or did not contain sensitive words would cause accounts for banned words or even permanent titles. According to Twitter "Teacher Li is not your teacher" The published netizens' submission and messages showed that netizens such as Weibo, WeChat, Douyin, Bilibili, Netease Cloud Music, and Xiaohongshu have encountered relevant situations, and some online games and applications are "systematic maintenance". For the reason, it is forbidden to replace personal information such as avatars and nicknames last weekend.
In the above platform, it is reported that the short video community platform "Douyin" officially issued a notice on the eve of June 4th and requested that major Internet celebrities and brands from June 3rd to 5th. "," Numbers with unknown meaning "," old photos with age "," including crowd gathering, Victoria Harbor, Tiananmen, Summer Palace, candlelight, objects in a row "and Jackie Chan, Mei Yanfang, and other Hong Kong stars Essence It is even required that the number of reposts, comments and likes during this period cannot be a sensitive number. However, according to the actual test of the Voice of Germany, the current Tiktok webpage on Douyin can still search for keywords such as "Tiananmen" and "June 4th".
Foreign Embassy in China was deleted 
Many foreign embassies in China have also released content related to June 4th on Weibo on June 4, but most of them have been deleted. The German embassy in China released a short candle short film on the early morning of June 4, which was deleted in about 10 minutes.
The British Embassy in China uploaded the "First Edition of the People's Daily 1989" on Weibo, and was then quickly deleted. The British Embassy later stated at its Twitter account: Although China prohibits any public discussion on the tragic incidents on June 4, 1989, "We posted this picture on social media today to explain that the party media is actually in fact He has reported this incident. "
The EU delegation released a well -known work "Scream" by the Norwegian painter Meng Ke on the Weibo account "EU", and wrote "We will not forget, we will never forget those who remember history." At present It has also been deleted. However, the Dutch Embassy in China uploaded a photo of the tank car at the Leaton Square in Amsteron on the same day. The Dutch Embassy in China wrote: "In the center of Amsterdam, you can see the Russian military vehicle destroyed by the Ukrainian army. Today is the last day of showing this military vehicle. The damaged military vehicle reminds the audience our democracy's fragility and recovery ability."
"Shut the mouth" 
Unable to commemorate June 4th on the Chinese social media platform, netizens have changed to Twitter for discussion. Some Chinese netizens said on Twitter that they "tried to distribute Weibo on 6:04, but how can I not send it in that minute" "Just post" After all, the West Lake is in mid -June, the scenery is not the same as the four o'clock "." It is also criticized that many foreign embassies on China have released posts related to June 4th. The posts have only been deleted, but the general public comments have been blocked: "It is always waiting for overseas forces to wait and punish the domestic farts." Some people also ridiculed: "It is recommended to set up the traditional Chinese festivals on June 4th every year in the future: shutting down the mouth", "Once yesterday, the examiner was relieved, watching the colleagues who were in black around him, full of exhaustion, he was exhausted. ..., I can finally sleep. "
In addition, although the Hong Kong government banned the June 4th commemorative activities, the US Consulate General in Hong Kong and Macao still sent photos of candles filled with candles on the window sill of the consulate. Twitter at the point also released a candle photo on June 4.

A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong issued a statement at 9 o'clock that day and criticized this statement: "For individual politicians in the United States and some countries in Hong Kong, such as the United States, Canada, etc. today staged a poor political drama, manipulating human rights such as manipulation With some anti -China -China -Random Hong Kong elements singing and one time, trying to stir up the incident, interfere with Hong Kong affairs and the Chinese internal affairs, the spokesman of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong expressed resolute opposition and severe condemnation. "At the same time And Xun, called on "a small number of external intervention forces and some countries such as the United States to recognize the situation and abide by the basic guidelines for international law and international relations, ..., immediately stop the futile political manipulation, and give up the delusional delusions of the chaos of Hong Kong to curb the China."
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/中国社媒审查升级-外国使馆微博纪念六四被删/a-65829947?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Vancouver reappears more than 3,000 people in Victoria Garden, Mourning; June 4th & Quot; Democracy 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T14:47:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T15:17:39-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Vancouver Lin Siqi Park poured in more than 3,000 Sunday, mourning June 4 through music and candlelight. (Reporter Liu Fei shooting) AUDIO-Link: https: // Woohoo. Hair dyeing .org/mandarin/Asia Pacific Report/Human Rights Law/Waste-06052023101039.html/@@ STREAM Many Canadian cities held the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th". Among them, the event site of Vancouver reappeared the atmosphere of Hong Kong Victoria Garden. More than 3,000 people held candles and called for never forgetting the warriors who had struggled for democratic democracy in China and Hong Kong. In addition, Toronto also had two commemorative meetings, and more than 2,000 people participated.
Continue the Victoria Garden Candlelight Canada, Canada, nearly 3,000 people to mourn June 4th * Canada launched the first wave of June 4th Memorial Activities, the old and middle -aged three generations participated in it Thousands of Canadian people burning candles to ignite the June 4th Embassy in China also issued a statement to mourn June 4th * US, Britain, Australia and Australia Sound in Hong Kong Human Rights Organization: Do not forget June 4, forget Hong Kong 
The singing of democracy and freedom and the spirit of Hong Kong fluttered in Vancouver Lin Siqi Park. From 4 o'clock in the afternoon on Sunday, the concert and June 4th exhibition appeared. As the sky was darker, more people poured into the garden lawn, more than 3,000 people, more than 3,000 people. Holding candles or mobile phones, paying tribute to those who were killed in June 4th in 1989 and those who were unfortunately killed in the past few years to fight for the freedom of democracy in Hong Kong.
The Vancouver Branch Federation has held a commemorative June 4th event since 1989. In previous years, it has protested in front of the Chinese consulate. Li Meibao, chairman of the branch association, said that in the past, more than 100,000 people gathered in Hong Kong Victoria Park to mourn June 4th. Now Hong Kong has changed. Vancouver has changed. Vancouver has changed. Hong Kong people have to condense together.
Many Hong Kong people say that Vancouver takes over the vitamin candle sea without forgetting June 4th.(Reporter Liu Fei shooting) "Through each candlelight, we will never forget the Massacre of Tiananmen, and we will not forget the warriors who fight for democratic resistance in Hong Kong. Although the candlelight of Victoria Garden is off, the candle seater in Vancouver is immortal."
Mai Haihua, former chairman of the Hong Kong Branch Federation, was forced to leave Hong Kong to Vancouver. When he saw a seater, he choked and said, "Hong Kong people are scattered in the world, and they are still together."
Former Hong Kong Internet Radio host "Jess" was also a political prisoner. After he was released from prison, he came to Vancouver 2 months ago. His speech on the stage set off a climax for the party. The director arbitrarily manipulated the National Security Law and destroyed Hong Kong, but it could not destroy the beliefs of Hong Kong people.
"We are full of the entire earth. Thank you, Li Jiachao, thank you Deng Bingqiang. He helped us call us more Hong Kong people to stand up. Full of all cities. "
A group of Chinese students held a mourning June 4th activity in the University of Toronto. Although only more than two hundred people participated, they showed the pursuit of democracy in the younger generation of China.(Citizenship provides) Jess said: "The Communist Party of China wants everyone to forget, and to forget the June 4th of China, and forgotten Hong Kong in 2014. In 2019, because of forgotten, the Communist Party can continue to do things that hurt the law. We must not forget."
Hao Dan, the person in charge of the Chinese Democratic Party, said that the June 4th incident of Tiananmen opened the light of Chinese democracy. "Because June 4th let the world see the nature of the CCP's evil, and also set off a wave of Chinese people's pursuit of democracy and freedom all over the world, laid the seeds of the Chinese democratic movement, and affected the thoughts of several generations of Chinese people."
Vancouver City Councilor, Chinese immigrants Zhou Nan and Ben Lami City Council, Hong Kong immigrants Li Canming and others also came to the scene. Zhou Nan said that he would gradually understand June 4th, who was only 2 years old. Li Canming also said, "There is still a period of time to change, so it is important to stick to it."The Toronto supports the China Democratic Games at the Six Four Candlelights held in Mel Lastman Square on Sunday evening, which will attract more than 2,000 people to participate.
As for the Toronto Citizens' Association to host the June 4th activities at the University of Toronto on Saturday, Lin Litong of the Citizen Association said that although only more than 200 people were present, most of them were young students from mainland China. They were willing to stand up.
Reporter: Liu Fei Editor: Jiayuan.com Editor: He Fu
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/lf-06052023101039.html 
Fiji may terminate the cooperation agreement with the Chinese police 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T14:54:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T15:11:10-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Fiji Internal Affairs and Immigration Minister Piotikoduadua attended the Shangri -La Conference Associated Press Picture
The Japanese media "Nekki Asia" reported on June 4 that the Fiji Minister of the Internal Affairs and Immigration Piotikoduadua said during the Shangri -La meeting that Fiji was still reviewing cooperation with Chinese police and might may With the exit agreement, he told the "Nikkei Asia" that the termination of the "agreement" is a possible result.
Titku Dudwa said he had notified China Fiji six months in advance to re -examine the agreement. He said that this agreement was formulated by the former government. The new government took into account the current geopolitical trend and the way Fiji wanted to adjust the national security.
The Fiji Police Force signed a memorandum of understanding of police cooperation with the Ministry of Public Security of the Communist Party of China in 2011, including letting the Fiji police go to China for training, and the Chinese police and security personnel were also sent to Fiji to perform three to six months. Internship plan. In this way, the agreement was signed under the leadership of the former Prime Minister of Fiji. The Fiji Times reported at the end of January this year that the new Prime Minister Sitivenirabuka took less than a month and stopped the training provided by China for Fiji Police. And the cooperation of Chinese sent people to Fiji, "because the systems of the two countries are different."
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-06052023145145.html 
CCTV host updates Haixia and Ouyang Xia Dan is not on the list 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T14:58:23-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T14:58:23-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Hai Xia and Ouyang Xia Dan, a senior host of CCTV Web image
Recently, the Chinese official media CCTV has updated the "CCTV host of the People's Congress", including the names of Haixia, Ouyang Xia Dan, Gu Guoning, Xu Zhuoyang, Zhang Xiaonan and other hosts. According to the Chinese media "Red Star News", Haixia has been promoted to the deputy director of the chairman management center of CCTV's head editor -in -chief, while Ouyang Xia Dan has "disappeared" from the working position of CCTV host.
Earlier, Ouyang Xia Dan officially opened the Douyin channel. In the video she posted, some of which were called "Xia Dan Xiao Class" to do related training for students of art tests. Some netizens said that Ouyang Xia Dan currently works in an art test institution. However, this art test agency clarified to "Red Star News" that Ouyang Xia Dan did classes in the middle of the Chinese art, but did not join the job, which is equivalent to cooperating. Ouyang Xia Dan has not explained to the host of the CCTV host so far.
The well -known hosts of these audiences left the CCTV anchor platform, which aroused the attention of a large number of netizens. Many netizens posted on Weibo to miss the news broadcasts of Haixia and Ouyang Xia Dan on Weibo, but some netizens joked that after leaving the host's position "
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-06052023145548.html 
Prince Harry will appear in court to testify the first case in the British royal family for more than a century 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T15:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T14:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, London, 5th) Prince Harry, Britain, accused the tabloid publisher "Mirror Newspaper Group" illegally collected information. This week, he will testify in court this week. It will become the first British royal family to testify in more than a century to testify. member.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The London High Court is trying the case, and Harry is expected to testify in court.
Harry and other well -known people have accused the "Mirror Group Newspapers (MGN) newspaper media engaged in illegal activities such as telephone eavesdropping and is seeking compensation.
Harry is expected to appear in the testimony tomorrow, and believes that he will become the first senior member of the British royal family to testify since Edwardvii. Edward VII had testified for the slander case in 1890, when he had not yet ascended to the throne.
After Harry unloaded the royal post in early 2020 and moved to the United States, it has been accused of several British newspaper groups so far. This is among them. (Translator: Chen Zhengjian/Calculating Draft: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E5%93%88%E5%88%A9%E7%8E%8B%E5%AD%90%E5%B0%86%E5%87%BA%E5%BA%AD%E4%BD%9C%E8%AF%81-%E8%8B%B1%E7%8E%8B%E5%AE%A4%E9%AB%98%E9%98%B6%E6%88%90%E5%91%98%E9%80%BE%E7%99%BE%E5%B9%B4%E6%9D%A5%E9%A6%96%E4%BE%8B 
Mei -China senior officials exchange Kangda and Ma Chaoxu and Yang Tao to meet 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T15:10:28-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T15:10:28-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Danielkritenbrink, Assistant Secretary of State of the State Department of Asia -Pacific Affairs, will meet with Ma Zhaoxu, Executive Deputy Minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China Associated Press/Agence France -Presse/RFA synthesis
Daniel Kritenbrink, Assistant Secretary of State of the State Department of Asia -Pacific Affairs, and Sarahberan, a senior director of the White House National Security Council, went to China on June 4th to visit China on June 4th. According to the information released by the United States and China, Kangda Beshalan met with Ma Zhaoxu, executive deputy minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China and Yang Tao, the director of the North American Oceania.
The US State Department said on June 5 that the two US officials and the US ambassador to China, Nicholasburn, met with the above two Chinese officials. The two sides conducted a frank and effective exchange. Communication channels and the continuous efforts of consolidating the recent high -level diplomacy between the two countries. The two sides exchanged opinions on bilateral relations, cross -strait issues, and communication channels. U.S. officials have clearly stated that they will actively participate in competition and defend the interests and values of the United States.
Recently, the American Association of Taiwan (AIT), the chairman of the Taiwan Association (AIT) Laura Rosenberger, told the Taiwan media on June 5 that this is the American government managed a competitive relationship with China responsible and said that it can only be unblocked by the US -China dialogue pipeline. avoid confict.
US -China diplomacy and business officials have frequently expand contact in the near future. The outside world believes that this is one of the tentative measures for high -level high -levels of the two countries after the sharp deterioration of Sino -US relations. However, last week, the Minister of Defense Li Shangfu refused to talk to the US Minister of Defense.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-06052023145928.html 
"Asia Pacific Report" June 5, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T15:12:03-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T15:12:03-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Liberty Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/YP-060520231459.html/@stream The main content of this show:
1 . "Mother of Tiananmen" is difficult to memorize in Beijing and reiterate not to forget the June 4th;
2 . Hong Kong people spontaneously commemorate June 4th, more than 20 people were taken away by the police;
3 . Britain, Canada and other places to commemorate June 4th;
4 . A primary school student in Wuhan was killed by driving by the teacher. The mother was suspected to be died by the Internet violence and stabilization;
5 . Reporter Cai Yuling, a former reporter from Radio Hong Kong, was convicted for investigation and reporting, and the case was defeated by appeal.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-06052023131459.html 
About 60 Afghan girls are sent to the hospital after poisoning at school 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T15:18
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T15:25
Description: The Afghan police said on Monday (June 5) that about 60 girls were taken to the hospital in a women's school in northern Afghanistan. Reuters reported that the poisoning incident occurred in SAR-E POL in Afghanistan. Police spokesman Nazari said, "...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['阿富汗', '塔利班', '女童', '学校']
The Afghan police said on Monday (June 5) that about 60 girls were taken to the hospital in a women's school in northern Afghanistan.
Reuters reported that the poisoning incident occurred in SAR-E POL in Afghanistan.
Police spokesman Nazari said: "Some people who are unknown enter a women's school in Sanchaarak in Sanchaarak and poison in the classroom. Girls are poisoned after entering the classroom."
Nazari didn't say anything poison, nor did the black hands behind the scenes. He only said that the girl was taken to the hospital and "the current situation is good."
Police did not arrest anyone.
After the Taliban regained the Afghanistan regime, most girls have been banned from going to school. In this country that has been ravaged by war, female education It is now strictly reviewed.
Before Taliban, during the administration of the Afghan government, which was supported by the Western support, there were also many poisoning incidents against women's schools, including suspected poisonous gas attacks.
A series of women's school poisoning incidents have also recently occurred in Iran, Afghanistan.
Since November last year, the poisoning incident in the Iranian women's school is estimated to have led about 13,000 poisoning, and most of the victims are female students.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401424 
罗马教宗和平特使将访问基辅两天 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T15:45
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T16:01
Description: The Roman Catholic Pope appointed Peace Special Envoy to visit Kiev, Ukraine. Reuters reported that the Vatican issued a statement on Monday (June 5) that the Pope Francis assigned a peaceful mission to help end the Russian and Ukrainian war Bishop, Matt ... Matt ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '梵蒂冈', '教宗方济各', '乌克兰', '基辅']
The Roman Catholic Pope appointed Peace Special Envoy to visit Kiev, Ukraine.
Reuters reported that the Vatican issued a statement on Monday (June 5) stating that Matteozuppi, the Italian Red Caiser, who was assigned by Pope Francis to perform a peaceful mission to help end the Russian and U -wars, will be on Monday and Hedo Monday and Two days on Tuesday (6th) to visit Kiev.
Zupi was selected as the new chairman of the Italian bishop last year.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401431 
The "Iron Chain Girl" statue of June 4th commemorative day was completed in the Free Sculpture Park 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T15:54:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T15:56:08-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The situation of the launching ceremony of the iron chain female sculpture. (From Xiangli Twitter))
In the free sculpture park in Southern California, the completion of the "Iron Chain Girl" sculpture was held on the afternoon of June 4. This sculpture shows the image of the iron chain girl in Xuzhou Fengxian County, and carved the two characters of "China" behind the female statue of the iron chain.
The Iron Chain Women's Incident was a case of abuse and trafficking for women in January last year. In Fengxian County, Xuzhou, Jiangsu, a video of a mental abnormal woman who was imprisoned with an iron chain and gave birth to eight children was widely spread on the Internet, causing public opinion uproar. The contradictory notice issued by the local government on this incident has also aroused the anger of many people.
There were hundreds of people at the "Iron Chain Girl" sculpture. The people attended the attending of Chen Weiming, the head of the Liberty Sculpture Park, Fang Zheng, Chairman of the China Democratic Education Foundation, Chen Guangcheng, a lawyer in the United States, and some local American officials. During this completion ceremony, people also carried out flower offering mourning activities to the June 4th Monument Sculpture in the park.
Reporter: Sun Cheng
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/sc-06052023155426.html 
Column | Night Talk Zhongnanhai: Different attitudes to the suppression of June 4th have led to the different destiny of the 38th Army Captain 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T16:16:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T16:46:07-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 38th Army Chief Xu Qinxian Wikipedia [AUDIO-LINK: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/yehuazhongnanhao/gx 06052023093235.html/@stream] Yesterday, on the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, our free Asian Radio published "" Tiananmen Mother: "Never forget that dark night" "reported that the sacrifice published by the" Tiananmen Mother "group wrote a saying. : Thirty -four years ago, today, the government used the field army to use machine guns, tanks and armored vehicles. On the capital Changan Street and other important streets, I ignored the many people on the road and fired at the crowd. The tank crushed and brutally suppressed the students and the citizens. Our loved ones, they fell under the bloody night under the sin bullets, and presented a valuable life for the ideals in their hearts ...
The author is also one of the calendar of the eighth nineteenth tide and June 4th suppression. On the third day after the calamity, it confirmed from a secretary of a leader of a active soldier at the time, and then a secretary of the leader of the General Logistics Department of the PLA confirmed that on the early morning of June 4, Chang'an Street was from the west to east of Chang'an Street. The automatic rifle shooting all the way to the Tiananmen Square all the way is precisely the 38th Army of the CCP "Long Live" of the CCP "the people's army love the people" in advance.
At that time, the reason why the thirty -eighth army was "inverted" at that time was caused by the "anti -fate" of General Xu Qin, the commander of the 38th Army, who had occurred.
In his book "Political Strike of China's Reform Times (Revised Edition)" in his book, Mr. Yang Jizhong recorded in detail the process of Xu Qin who refused to lead the army to participate in martial law and suppress the students at that time: "At that time, Xu Qin first suffered from kidney stones in the Beijing Military Region. The hospital for medical treatment ... (1989) On May 17th, Xu Qin received a notice from the Beijing Military Region. Li Laizhu, deputy commander of the Beijing Military Region, announced the order of the Central Military Commission to let the captains of the (several of them) immediately stated. The long did not express different views. Xu Qin said first: 'Oral orders can not be executed, I need a written order.' Li Laizhu said: "There is no written order today, and it will be made up in the future. 'Xu Qinxian said:' Now is not the war period period , Oral order I can't execute it!"Li Laizhu said:" Then you call your political commissar and convey the order. '"The book continued:" Xu Qin first called the political commissar, and then said: If you do n’t participate, this matter has nothing to do with me. 'After returning to the hospital after speaking. When he returned, he talked to his friends about this, and he was preparing to kill the kill. He said:' Ning Killing, not a historical sinner!'"
In the article, the author ’s“ Wu Dajiu Store ”published in this column on April 21 this year introduced Liu Ya, who was once selected by Jiang Zemin as one of the 30th Army's key training targets, in this column. The burst of Zhang Kuang and self -confidence shown in the internal speech of the field is enough to prove that he is definitely not to be spoiled by Xi Jinping, who is "Wu Dalang's opening" to operate his cadre team. In this article, Liu Asia, who was sorted out into the article "Belief and Morality", was sorted out into the Internet in November or December, which was "spread" on the Internet in November or December in the then Chengdu Air Political Commission. However, it has not yet come and introduce the following content related to the June 4th incident:
The Beijing -Tianjin area is the center of political and cultural. People in Beijing are very concerned about politics. The army is not living in vacuum, but also cares about politics. Everyone is a small politician. However, at a critical moment, the more I can't use the Gyeonggi troops. The typical example of the June 4th "38th and 28th Army of the Beijing Military Region. Xu Qin, the 38th Army, was a general. When he was a division of the tank, he saw a exercise he conducted. He was sitting lazily, no, it was almost half a half lying on the chair in the tent, directing thousands of horses, clear heads like lightning, orderly, and well -planned. Moisture. There are not many people like the Chinese army. There are nothing to do with him ×××, ×××. Only the Lanzhou Military Region × commander than him. Unfortunately, Xu Qin was politically unreliable. , Zhou Yibing, commander of the Beijing Military Region, drove to Baoding himself and asked Xu Qin to bring his troops into Beijing first. Xu Qin first asked if there was an order from the Central Military Commission. Zhou said, yes. Xu You asked, do you have the orders of Comrade Xiaoping. Zhou said, Xu Xu. Also asked, whether there was an order of the executive vice chairman Yang Shangkun. Zhou said, yes. Xu You asked if there was no order from Zhao Ziyang, the first vice chairman of the Military Commission. Xu Qinxian's nose said, "I know your wife is a judge!Your two sons are in Tiananmen Square!"The Thirty -eight Army stationed in the Beijing -Tianjin area.
It is necessary to emphasize here that in his speech 21 years ago, Liu Asia was completely standing in the stand that resolutely supported the armed to suppress the 64th Tian'anmen Square Movement.
Please see the following content he said at the time: Since the reform and opening up, the Chinese army has played two important role in politics and will continue to play a role. Which twice? One was the "June 4th" political storm. Comrade Xiaoping said that the storm was about to come sooner or later. Since you have to come, you have been stronger than late. After the "June 4th", my country's reform and opening up cause revealed a new page. Recently, everyone is studying the political report of the "16th National Congress". There is an important proposition in it, which is the glorious achievements of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Jiang Zemin as the core for 13 years. When will this "thirteen years" be divided? From "June 4th". It can be said that without the solution of the "June 4th" problem, there will be no situation of prosperity today in our country; without the army, the problem of "June 4th" cannot be solved, or there is no such glorious in the past 13 years. Essence On the morning of June 4, Beijing City suddenly calmed down after turning over the river overnight. Many clearance troops gathered in Tiananmen Square. I don't know how the next situation will develop, and the string of nerves is tight. That morning, all the phone calls in Beijing were unreasonable. Why can't I get through? Because all citizens hid at home and called, they called overload and were paralyzed. The rumor looks like his legs, flying across the country. Western rendering. Global eyes are gathered on Tiananmen Square. At that time, Chairman Yang Shangkun said such a sentence: "'June 4th'" Tiananmen Square this morning, if there is a problem with a class, it is incredible. "The group army party committee mentioned here, with the commander Xu Qin first "picking up", immediately fell completely in the master of Wang Fuyi, then the political member of the 38th Army. The political commissar named Wang was three years old than in 1935, and started serving as the military and political commissar since April 1988.
It was precisely because Wang Fuyi stood "the banner clearly" to Xu Qinxian's opposite side at the time, and resolutely supported the order of the promotion of the military commission's promotion. Suppressing the leader.
Because Zhang Meiyuan commanded the 38th Army to resolutely enforce Beijing to suppress the command, Wang Fuyi was promoted to the level after more than half a year, and was arranged to be the deputy political commissar of the Beijing Military Region and the secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission of the Military Region. It was arranged as a member of the Central Discipline Inspection Commission. In July 1993, Jiang Zemin was awarded the rank of Lieutenant General.
As for Zhang Meiyuan at that time, it was originally awarded the same rank as Xu Qinxian as the deputy army commander of the 38th Army, and was sent to the Department of Defense Research at the National Defense University to study. Because Xu Qin first resisted the order of the implementation of the troops into Beijing to participate in the suppression, the then president of the National Defense University Zhang Zhen personally handed over the order issued by Zhang Meiyuan issued by the Central Military Commission as the commander of the army commander to Zhang Meiyuan. The work of the headquarters. Since then, Zhang Meiyuan has faithfully executed Deng Xiaoping's order, moved the 38th Army Command Command to Beijing Xishan in a timely manner, and jointly operated with the Beijing Military Region Combat Department. The artillery brigade was transferred to Beijing in time, and made a leader in the suppression operation starting from the evening of June 3.
At 1 am on June 4th, the deputy division of the 38th Army, the deputy division of the 38th Army, took the "003" light armored vehicle to the east side of Tiananmen Square, but the armored vehicle suddenly turned off on the watching platform on the east side of Tiananmen City Tower. The 38th Military Political Commissar Wang Fuyi and the deputy commander (agent) Zhang Meiyuan's command vehicle arrived at the Jinshui Bridge of Tiananmen Gate. square.
The content of this natural paragraph is the article "Blood Blood Golden Water Bridge" who invited his merit "Blood and Golden Water Bridge" after suppression, which was included in the book "One Day" published at that time. The relevant records of this paragraph of the 38th Army's military history are: "Facing the mob's fight, smashing, grabbing, burning, killing, refers to the heroic and fearless of the soldiers. , Excluded 7 fire barriers composed of burning cars and trams set up, overcoming 7 kilometers of dense roadblocks. After 4 hours of hard work, it reached the front line of Jinshui Bridge at 1:30 on June 4th. As the group army of Chengcheng, the first to enter Tiananmen Square ... ... The group army 10,000 officers and soldiers, 45 armored vehicles drove to Tiananmen Square in front of the clear field to severely crack down on the arrogance of riots, destroying it After their western defense line, it shocked the stubborn people entangled in the square, and took a key step to the decisive victory of the anti -revolutionary riot. " Deng Xiaoping, Jiang Zemin and others have issued a reward order for them. Zhang Meiyuan was officially appointed as the captain after the "successful completion of the flat storm mission". However, it is wrong to have reported that he was promoted by the promotion of Lieutenant General in the future.
Next, when the actual host of the military commission, Yang Shangkun and Yang Baibing, when the 14th National Congress of the Communist Party of China held in October 1992, will temporarily stay in Zhang Meiyuan, who is still still in the position of the 38th Army, arranged. List of candidate candidates.
Originally, Yang Baibing had planned to arrange Zhang Meiyuan to enter the Central Committee of the Central Committee and promoted him as the deputy commander of the Beijing Military Region to prepare to take over Wang Chengbin's commander position. At that time, Wang Chengbin was 64 years old.
What Zhang Meiyuan did not expect was that the second month when the 14th National Congress of the Communist Party of China had just been elected as a Central Committee, not only failed to be promoted to the deputy commander of the Beijing Military Region, but while being lifted the position of 38th Army, he received the transfer. The order of the commander of the Qinghai Provincial Military Region under the jurisdiction of the Lanzhou Military Region. At the same time, there was also a friend of Yang Baibing, named Zou Yuqi, and then deputy commander of the Beijing Military Region. He was also ordered by Jiang Zemin to be transferred to the deputy commander of the Lanzhou Military Region. It is said that when the two were ordered to order the Central Military Commission at that time, they asked them to bring only one guards and report to the Lanzhou Military Region within three days. Some insiders at that time analyzed that because the leadership team of the Lanzhou Military Region and the brothers of the Yang family had no political feat, Wang Ruilin, deputy director and director of Deng Xiaoping's office and deputy director of the Political Department of the then deputy director of the Central Office of the Central Office at the time. Political confidences cultivated by the Beijing Military Region are the most assured of the Lanzhou Military Region. It sounds good to be "flat mobilization", and it is ugly to "control the use". Compared with the 15th National Congress of the CPC held after Deng Xiaoping's 15th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and Deng Xiaoping's "South Tour" in 1992 after the death of Deng Xiaoping in 1997, it is not difficult to find one by one. Strange phenomenon: At that time, a group of 14 Central Committee members and alternate members of the 14th Central Committee of the 14th Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the 15th National Congress of the 15th National Congress were disappeared. In particular, the military generals who had achieved success in the "June 4th" incident like Zhang Meiyuan had been rewarded at the 14th National Congress of the 14th National Congress. This is because on the eve of the 14th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in October 1992, although Jiang Zemin defeated the Yang family's brothers with the support of Deng Xiaoping, because of the time relationship, the 14th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the Central Committee of the Central Committee that had been formulated before The members' "candidate list" has been too late to replace, and even the army's senior generals who are loyal to the Yang family brothers are still the sequence of the Central Committee and the Central Committee of the Central Committee at the 14th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. Zhang Meiyuan was born in 1937. At the fifteenth year of 1997, it was just sixty years old, and it was not young. According to the strict age standards of the CCP's military cadres, if the military -oriented cadres cannot rise at the age of 60, they can only retire. Therefore, at that time, Jiang Zemin signed an order in July 1996 before the 15th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. The rank of major general obtained with the position of deputy commander. In this way, without improving his level, he did not arrange for him to succeed the Central Committee members in the 15th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Zhang Meiyuan was announced at the end of 1997. At that time, Xu Qin had been released from prison and was announced by the internal announcement to the deputy military -level treatment and arranged in Shijiazhuang to "recuperate". It is said that Zhang Meiyuan once asked to visit Xu Qinxian, his "old chief", and received the grace of the Security Department of the Political Department of the Beijing Military Region, but Xu Qinxian himself declined.
After being released from prison, Xu Qin first visited Li Rui and talked about the situation of the "June 4th". His 70th birthday, he also invited Li Rui to meet the Shijiazhuang family. Li Rui handed him a handwritten hand to him: "The proud bone is virtuous and true, the hot intestines are cold and compassionate." Mr. Li Rui said: He is a rare general. He opposed the suppression of ‘June 4th’. How can the people ’s army shoot to the people? As a general, he knows what it means.
On the morning of January 8, 2021, Xu Qin died in Shijiazhuang, Hebei at the age of 86. The article published a more detailed report in a timely manner in a timely manner of Radio Asian Radio, the 38th Army commander Xu Qinxian, who died on the June 4th Army.
(This episode is chaired and broadcast by high -tech)(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator))
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/yehuazhongnanhai/gx-06052023093235.html 
Meitai will hold the "Monterey talks" in July to focus on military sales and the security of the Taiwan Strait 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T16:35:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T16:39:38-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Taiwan's armored forces conducted military exercises on April 9 in an unveiled place on the island ![] [] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-05T16-35-00-04-00/000001.png) Taiwan's Ministry of National Defense / AFP
The Taiwan Central News Agency quoted people familiar with the matter on June 5 that the routine US Taiwan "Montereytalks", which focuses on strategies and security issues, was held in Washington, USA. General Li Shiqiang, the director of the Planning Department, led a group to attend, and will focus on issues such as the increasingly severe threat of the United States to Taiwan and the CCP's threat to Taiwan.
The "Monterey talks" is one of the annual routine dialogues of high -level officials of the United States and Taiwan for bilateral strategies and security. It is reported that Weng Mingxian, director of the Institute of International Affairs and Strategy of Taiwan Tamkang University, stated that last year's "Monterey talks" mainly focused on the Russian and Ukraine War, but the Bayeng government in the United States has actively promoted the United States and Indo -Pacific countries in the past year. Bilateral or multilateral relations are expected to focus on the topic of the Taiwan Strait this year, and explore the response methods of the Indo -Pacific Alliance for the Taiwan Strait, and discuss how to deal with non -traditional threats such as the gray areas of Chinese maritime militia and maritime conflicts.
Su Ziyun, a scholar of the Ministry of National Defense Think Tank and the National Institute of Defense Security, told the Central News Agency that the "Monterey talks" is the highest level of Taiwan -US routine dialogue mechanism. It is positioned between the level of national security and national military strategy. Discussion is the field of safety management and military planning and communication.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-06052023162901.html 
Xueba applies for a large use of Wenzhou Airport Bird Exorcles or difficulty in employment? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T16:38:58-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T16:38:58-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Wenzhou Airport Group released a list of publicity lists in the spring of 2023 Web image
Wenzhou Airport recently released a list of recruitment of employees, and the "eye list" of many famous school backgrounds accidentally caused heated discussions.
According to the public announcement list of the Spring 2023 recruitment issued by Wenzhou Airport Group, there are job seekers who graduated from Zhejiang University's Animal Sciences, Henan University of Technology Civil Engineering, and Zhejiang University of Technology. "Power and Workers". In addition, there are candidates who graduated from the Royal University of London Hollowy College and the financial management major of the State University of Belarus.
This list has caused heated discussions on the Internet. Some netizens commented on a positive evaluation, praising the professionalism and "gold glowing everywhere", but this announcement also made some people worry. Some netizens believe that this is large and small. "Letting ordinary school graduates be more difficult to find the way in the future. Some netizens said that employment is difficult now, and the unemployment rate of youth is still high.
Responsible editor: Chen Pinjie
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-06052023163626.html 
Xiao Meiqin talks about the US -Taiwan trade initiative scholar: Taiwan is expected to get rid of the dependence on the Chinese market 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T16:40:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T16:41:23-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Taiwan representative Xiao Meiqin held a press conference on June 5, 2023 to express his views on the strengthening of economic and trade relations in the United States and Taiwan and avoiding dual taxation. Reporter Cadi Photography
When the tension situation of the Taiwan Strait became increasingly upgraded, the United States and Taiwan signed the first batch of agreements for the 21st Century Trade initiative last week. On June 5, the Taiwan representative of the United States Xiao Meiqin held a press conference to express their views on issues such as strengthening economic and trade relations in the United States and Taiwan and avoiding dual taxation. Some scholars have pointed out that Taiwan is expected to get rid of the dependence on the Chinese market through related US agreements.
US Taiwan Trade Initiative Preliminary Negotiations Complete Scholars: Copy Chinese Economic Coercion * Meitai Relations Raising Cai Yingwen: After the trade negotiation is successful, agricultural products are given priority to the United States 
After nearly a year of negotiations, the US -Taiwan official finally signed the first batch of agreements to the 21st Century Trade Initiative. On the morning of June 1st, under the witness of the US Deputy Trade Representative Sarahbianchi and Deng Zhenzhong, a member of the Taiwan Executive Yuan, the executive director of the United States Association in Taiwan and the representative of the Taiwan representative Xiao Meiqin in the United States in the United States In the Taiwan Association (AIT) Washington headquarters officially signed relevant documents.
Xiao Meiqin: The second stage of negotiations will start as soon as possible 
Xiao Meiqin said at a press conference held at the Shuang Oak Garden of Washington (5th): "We just signed the first batch of agreements, and both sides also agreed very quickly to start the second stage of negotiations as soon as possible. It also takes stocks and preparations for negotiating issues in the second stage. We also hope to achieve specific progress at the fastest speed. "
The main contents of the first batch of US Taiwan Agreement are aimed at 5 issues, namely customs management and convenient trade, good legal operations, small and medium -sized enterprises, anti -corruption and domestic rules of domestic regulations. The next second stage of negotiations will involve other more complex trading areas, including 7 issues such as agricultural, labor and environmental standards, digital trade, state -owned enterprises, and non -market policies. Essence
The signing of the above agreement will undoubtedly further pull closer to the United States and Taiwan, and at the same time, it will touch some of the current Taiwan exports to dependence on the mainland market. According to Taiwan, the signing of the first batch of the United States and Taiwan was the most large -scale and comprehensive trade negotiations of the two sides since 1979. The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that "China has strong dissatisfaction with this and has proposed to the United States solemnly."
Ye Yaoyuan, a professor at the International Research Lecture of St. Tomas University in the United States, told this station: "The United States is still the largest market in the world. Taiwan can slowly sign this free trade agreement through the next. It is highly effective to let Taiwan slowly get rid of the Chinese market. "
Ye Yaoyuan pointed out that the first phase of the agreement laid a good foundation for the future of the United States and Taiwan to sign a bilateral free trade agreement, and it can be seen that some market effects can be seen: "Because this infrastructure is available, many manufacturers have begun to prepare how they are going to prepare. Export their products to the US market. This preparation has begun. "
Xiao Meiqin: Avoiding double taxation is the key point in Taiwan in the next stage 
In addition to trade negotiations, the representative of Taiwan in the United States Xiao Meiqin also said that avoiding the double taxation agreement is another issue in Taiwan. " Also long for a long time(Taiwan)A problem raised by the US Chamber of Commerce, and we also hope to make progress as soon as possible. "
At the end of March this year, US Finance Minister Yellen(Janet Yelle)When testing by Congress, it was stated that the lack of relevant dual taxation agreement in the United States and Taiwan was a "very major problem" and will "see if it can find a solution" with the US State Department.
At the press conference, Xiao Meiqin thanked US Treasury Secretary Yellen to make a positive response. She said: "We also hope to be able to talk about this issue between the administrative departments as soon as possible. In this regard, we also thank the Congress and the cross -committees of Congress and the two houses. They also attach great importance to this issue. "
However, the United States and Taiwan signed a major obstacle to avoiding a double -course tax agreement involving a major obstacle. Because the United States has not recognized Taiwan as a sovereign state, it cannot sign relevant treaties. Bloomberg had previously quoted sources that some US officials expressed hesitation, arguing that this may be regarded by Beijing as provocative.
Xiao Meiqin said that the US Senate Diplomacy and the Finance Commission have proposed relevant legislation proposals; in the House of Representatives in the United States, the fundraising committee in charge of the financial tax also has a positive attitude. State.
"In this issue, we see that whether it is Speaker McCarthy who had met in California before, or the predecessor of Perlis, or the current minority leaders, they also expressed their attention to this issue. In such an atmosphere In this case, we hope to achieve some specific progress as soon as possible. "Xiao Meiqin said.
Xiao Meiqin emphasized that avoiding dual taxation issues will be an important task for the next stage of Taiwan's representative offices in the United States and Taiwan Trade Agreement.
Reporter: Caddy Editor: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/gangtai/kw-06052023133601.html 
印度火车相撞51小时后恢复运营 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T16:50
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T16:51
Description: After a severe train collision accident three days ago, the train company's train service was completely suspended, and it was not re -departed until Monday (June 5). According to Agence France -Presse, due to statistical mistakes, the Odisha authorities in eastern India have already on Friday (2nd) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['印度', '火车脱轨', '铁路']
Severe serious [train collision accident] three days ago in India Train collision accident Later, the train company's train service was completely suspended, and it was not until Monday (June 5) to re -departure.
According to Agence France -Presse, due to statistical errors, Odisha authorities in eastern India have repaired the number of deaths in the crash of the train in the evening of last Friday (2nd) to 275.
However, of the 1175 injured, 382 people were still treated in the hospital. Generally, the number of casualties is expected to increase.
The Indian Ministry of Railways pointed out that the first train to restore operations is a freight train loaded with coal. It is not clear that the restoration process of the crash rails is not yet clear, and the freight trains that resume operations will only use one -way route.
This is the worst train collision in India for more than 20 years. At the time of the incident, a passenger train from Kolkata to Chennai from Kolkata was due to signal lamp loss of spirit Enter the ring line and collide with the freight trains parked on the rail. The passenger trains were derailed by multiple cars, and as a result, the passenger trains drove from Bandolo to howrah, West Banglah.
The authorities will conduct further investigations to determine the incident and the cause of the accident.
According to the Indian State -owned Railway Corporation, its average daily passenger volume reached 13 million. India's railway facilities are old and the safety measures are not perfect, so the incidence of accidents is higher.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401447 
The two armies of the United States and China conducted a multi -country maritime co -star in Indonesia 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T17:53
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T17:56
Description: The United States and the Chinese Navy on Monday (June 5) launched a multilateral military exercise at the sea with many countries in the Haiwangjia Strait in Indonesia. This "Komodo 2023" maritime joint military exercise is four days, and the hope of separating Surawesi and Borneo ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['中国海军', '联合演习', '美中关系']
The United States and the Chinese Navy on Monday (June 5) launched a multilateral military exercise at the sea with many countries in the Haiwangjia Strait in Indonesia.
This "Komodo 2023" maritime joint military exercise is four days, which is held in separation of the Strait of the Wanggang Strait in Sulawesi and Borneo.
According to Agence France -Presse, 17 foreign ships will participate in exercises this time, including Sino -US, Australia and Russia warships.
A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta said on Sunday (4th) that this exercise will let the United States and "like -minded countries, allies, and partners join forces to deal with common challenges, such as humanitarian rescue and disaster response.
The Indonesian Navy issued a statement saying that this multilateral military exercise is a "non -war military training" designed to strengthen maritime cooperation in the region.
The first Komodo exercise was held in 2014, and a total of 18 countries participated. As of August 2020, about 54 countries from Asia, America, Europe, and Africa participated in this joint military exercise.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401467 
Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station 2022 Nuclear Water output reached a new low 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T18:47
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T19:14
Description: The Nuclear waste water output of Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station in Japan reached a new low in 2022, a decrease of about 90 tons daily. Kyodo News reported on Monday (June 5) that due to the effective decrease in the output of nuclear waste water, Tokyo Electric Power Corporation (Dongdian) will be saturated in the storage tank of nuclear sewage in the first nuclear power plant ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['太平洋岛国', '日本', '福岛第一核电站', '福岛']
The Nuclear waste water output of Fukushima First Nuclear Power Station in Japan reached a new low in 2022, a decrease of about 90 tons daily.
Kyodo News reported on Monday (June 5) that due to the effective decrease in the production of nuclear waste water, Tokyo Electric Power Corporation (Dongdian) delayed the saturation period of the storage of nuclear sewage in the first nuclear power plant to "February 2024 to 6, 2024 "Around the month"; the official inferred that the storage tank would be saturated in "Around the summer of 2023".
Before May 2014, the average daily sewage output of the nuclear power plant was about 540 tons. Dongdian subsequently set targets. It planned to fall to about 150 tons in 2020 and below 100 tons in 2025.
However, according to the officially announced report, Dongdian achieved the target of production reduction in advance in 2022, and reduced the daily output of nuclear wastewater to about 90 tons.
The East Power plan continues to reduce the rainwater of the inflow into the nuclear power plant to reduce the output of nuclear waste water to 50 tons to 70 tons at the end of 2028.
The wastewater discharge of the Fukushima Nuclear Power Station is full of controversy, but the Japanese authorities adhere to the nuclear waste water filtered by the "multi -nuclein removal equipment" (ALPS) to discharge the sea, which will not cause malignant impact on the environmental ecology, and announced that in "" in "in" in "in" "Officially drain into the sea before and after this summer Essence
ALPS can filter 62 kinds of radioactive substances, but it is still difficult to remove the water in the water, so it must be stored in about a thousand storage tanks. At present, the amount of wastewater stored is about 1.33 million tons, accounting for about 97%of the tank capacity, which is enough to fill more than 528 Olympic standard swimming pools.
In order to ensure that the reactor's scrap operation has sufficient space, Dongdian cannot continue to add storage tanks.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401474 
Poland: The draft of the EU extended the ban on the import of black food 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T19:22
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T19:26
Description: The Polish Agricultural Minister Taylor said he had received a draft regulations from the European Commission to extend the ban on the import of food in Ukraine to September 15. According to Bloomberg and Reuters, Taylorus tweeted on Monday (June 5) announced the news. He said, "Although ... although ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['波兰', '乌克兰', '俄乌战争', '农业', '粮食']
The Polish Agricultural Minister Taylor said he had received a draft regulations from the European Commission to extend the ban on the import of food in Ukraine to September 15.
According to Bloomberg and Reuters, Taylorus tweeted on Monday (June 5) announced the news. He said: "Although it is a draft, I hope it (ban) will take effect from tomorrow."
However, an EU spokesman stated on the same day that the organization has not made a formal decision.
After the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, Ukraine Grain was due to Black Sea Port's blocked And stranded in Central and Eastern European countries, impacted local agricultural products and sales.
In order to protect the country's agriculture, Poland, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia and Bulgaria have successively announced the ban on the import of Ukraine agricultural products, saying that domestic grain tanks have a backlog of grain, and the market price of crops is forced to lower, and many farmers are in crisis of bankruptcy. EU eventually allowed the above five countries to ban the import of food imports in Ukraine, and it was scheduled to terminate the ban on June 5.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401477 
Monday Monday's ups and downs of the US market focused on the surprise of Apple's "Developer Conference" 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T19:35
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T19:40
Description: Monday (June 5th) focus: ● The main stock index futures in the Wall Street stock market stock indexes on Monday (June 5) seemed a bit uncertain. At 7 o'clock, the standard with the Pur 500 Index rises slightly by 1.70 points or 0.04 % to 4284.10 points; ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国股市', '美市', '财经即时', '苹果公司']
Monday (June 5) the point: 
● The main stock index futures in the Wall Street stock market on Monday (June 5) seemed a bit unhappy. At 7 o'clock, the standard with the Poole 500 index futures rose slightly by 1.70 points or 0.04 % to 4284.10 points; the Nasdaq 100 index futures receded 24.80 points or 0.17 % to 14521.80 points; At 33796.00 points.
● With the support of the strong May employment report, the standard and the Poole 500 index set the best week since the end of March. The US stock market's major stock indexes were fully high last Friday (2nd). The labor market report released on the same day shows that the wage growth of the United States in May has slowed, and investors believe that this means that the Federal Reserve may decide not to raise interest rates within two weeks.
● The standard and the Pur 500 Index rose 61.35 points last Friday, and the closed market reported 4282.37 points. The heavyweight Dow Jones Index was significantly 701.19 points, and the closed market was 33762.76 points. The Nasdaq 100 Index, which is mainly technology stocks, also increased by 0.73 % or 105.13 points to collect at 14546.64 points.
● The US stock market last Friday's transaction continued to be active. The total transaction volume of the exchange was 11 billion shares, which was more than the average transaction volume of 10.58 billion shares in the past 20 days.
Pre -trading focus: 
● According to documents submitted to the US Securities and Exchange Commission, Josephgebbia, director of AIRBNB, sold 350,000 own shares at an average price of $ 105.83 last Wednesday (May 31). The total value of the transaction was US $ 37.04 million. Audemars Piguet's stock price fell 3.13 US dollars before the market, at $ 114.93.
● According to data released by the China Passenger Carassociation (Monday), the electric vehicle giant Tesla (Tesla) sent a total of 77,695 electric vehicles made of 77,695 vehicles in May this year, an increase of 2.4 % over April Essence Tesla's stock price rose 3.16 US dollars tonight, with a US $ 217.13.
● After the recent surge in artificial intelligence stocks, it will continue to attract many investors tonight. C3.AI fell nearly 4 % before the market, and his peer Palantir TechNologies also retreated by nearly 1.3 %.
● Let's take a look at the technology giant Apple What are the upcoming "Global Developers Conferences". The stock was $ 1.84 tonight, and it reported at $ 182.79.
● Active stocks before the market: Tesla, Apple, Palantir Technologies, Nvidia (Nvidia) and C3.AI Inc. At the time of the draft, the stock price of these five active stocks took off.
Some market analysts believe that Apple's "mixed virtual and reality" headphones may also completely change the way millions of people interact with computers and surroundings. (Reuters)
Apple Inc (Apple Inc) (Nasdaq Stock Exchange code: AAPL) 
The technology giant Apple is expected to launch the most "ambitious" new products for many years. This not only excited many Apple investors, but also directly driven Apple's stock price, which has risen by more than 4 % over the past five trading days.
Apple will hold the "Global Developer Conference" at the headquarters of California at the headquarters of California today. Market sources generally predict that Apple will launch a "mixed virtual and reality" headset at the meeting. This headset can also provide virtual effects at the same time, and it is also augmented by reality. It is a technology that stacked virtual images on real -time screens.
This highly anticipated latest headset will be another large -scale hardware product release event since Apple launched AppleWatch in 2015. Some market analysts even believe that Apple's product may completely change millions of people to interact with computers and surroundings.
According to Bloomberg, this new headset will include applications such as games, fitness and sitting, and expand the ability to provide applications, including: Messages, Facetime, and Safari. For example: Through the Facetime option, Apple's headphones will "present the face and whole body of the user in virtual reality", creating the feeling of "in the same place".
The market is now rumored that although Apple considers the pricing of this product at $ 3,000, because there are too many uncertain factors in the global economy, Apple has not yet made a final decision.
In addition to this headset, Apple is expected to launch a series of software updates. These updates will affect how people use the company's most popular iPhone and Apple Watch.
Not only that, Apple may also disclose how it will integrate artificial intelligence into its more products and services, and officially announced that it will be inserted in the boom of artificial intelligence. According to various parties, Apple has a set of digital services driven by artificial intelligence to help people exercise and improve sleep and eating habits. Although no one knows how it works, with ChatGPT Rising rapidly, the digital service of Apple is also a time.
As many large technology companies have recently outlined their artificial intelligence strategy, Apple's "Global Developer Conference" is likely to be when the company comes to divide the artificial intelligence market. Perhaps because of this, 22 of the 28 analysts in Tipranks are given "buy" rating to Apple stocks, five "hold" rating, one gives a "sell" rating, the average target price of the one -year period is $ 183.63.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401481 
Pope Heping special envoy went to Ukraine for two days to visit 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T2:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T11:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Vatican, 5th) Vatican said that Pope's Pope Francis's peaceful special envoy and Italian Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Zupi launched today to Kiev, Ukraine's capital, and started with the Ukraine authorities on the peaceful solution of the Russian and Ukraine War. Two -day talks.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Vatican stated in the statement that Matteo Zuppi, chairman of the Italian bishop, will visit Kiev as a pope from the 5th to 6th.
This statement says: "The main purpose of this operation is to listen to the opinions of the Ukrainian authorities in depth and details in order to realize the humanitarian gesture that can relieve the tension."
In May, the Vatican stated that the Pope asked Zupi to lead the peace delegation to try to "assist the tensions in the Ukraine conflict." (Translator: Chen Zhengjian/Calculating Draft: Chen Zhengyi)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230605-%E6%95%99%E5%AE%97%E5%92%8C%E5%B9%B3%E7%89%B9%E4%BD%BF%E5%89%8D%E5%BE%80%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0-%E5%B1%95%E5%BC%80%E4%B8%A4%E5%A4%A9%E8%AE%BF%E9%97%AE 
Reuters: Economists generally predict that China's entry and export decline in May in May 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T20:16:32+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 12:16:32Z
Description: A Reuters survey shows that the import of imports in China is expected to weaken year -on -year, and the export may also fall for the first time in three months.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-may-imports-to-fall-again-exports-slip-into-red-20230605/7123158.html 
要: Why does Beijing receive the "three horses" with high specifications 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (邓聿文)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T20:34:38+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 12:34:38Z
Description: It seems not just a coincidence. In China ’s diplomatic drama this year, the three political and business leaders who have been received by Beijing have been received in Beijing. In the words of Chinese people, they are all surnamed“ horses ”. They are former President Ma Ying -jeou and France in Taiwan. President Macron and Tesla CEO Mask.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['特约时评', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/deng-yuwen-on-why-beijing-gave-warm-reception-of-three-m-20230605/7123254.html 
The Minister of Defense of the United States and India discusses strengthening defense cooperation 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T20:37:00+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 16:52:22Z
Description: A few weeks before Indian Prime Minister Modi visited Washington, senior defense officials in the United States and India met in New Delhi on Monday to discuss strengthening defense cooperation.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '美国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-india-discuss-defense-cooperation-20230605/7123144.html 
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs: Can't see the prospect of extending the Grain Agreement of the Black Sea 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T20:47
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T23:25
Description: The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that Moscow could not see the prospects of extending the agricultural products of the Black Sea Port. Reuters reported that on May 17, Russia and Ukraine confirmed that the "Black Sea Grain Export Initiative" was extended from two months to July 18, but due to the blocked exports of Russian grains and fertilizers, Russia ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['农业', '粮食', '俄罗斯']
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that Moscow could not see the prospects of extending the agricultural products of the Black Sea Port.
Reuters reported that on May 17, Russia and Ukraine confirmed Two months for extending the "Black Sea Grain Export Initiative" By July 18, Russia threatened to withdraw from the agreement due to the blocked export of Russian grains and fertilizers.
The Russian authorities stated on Monday (June 5) that they were still negotiating with the United Nations on the agreement and had restored ship inspections.
The Ukrainian authorities issued a statement on the same day that Moscow did restore ship registration in accordance with the Black Sea Food Agreement, but did not check the ship in accordance with the recognized correct order, so it violated the terms.
On July 22, 2022, Russia and Ukraine were signed related agreements with Turkey and the United Nations in Istanbul, Istanbul, Turkey. The agreement was valid for 120 days. The agreement was in November 2022, March of this year And the three degrees in May. When discussing the renewal of the signing in May, the Russian side only agreed to extend it for 60 days, and the agreement expired on July 18.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401504 
Wagner leader: Ukraine has regained some strongholds in northern Bachmut 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T20:54
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T20:54
Description: The Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group's head of Vaggor Ren said that the Ukrainian army regained some strongholds in northern Bachmut, Wudongzhongzhong Town. Reuters reported that Pryigo said on Monday (June 5): "Now, Berkhivka's ... Berkhivka ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰']
The Russian mercenary organization Wagner Group's head of Vaggor Ren said that the Ukrainian army regained some strongholds in northern Bachmut, Wudongzhongzhong Town.
Reuters reported that Pryigo said on Monday (June 5): "Now, some of Berkhivka's bases have been lost, and the Russian forces are quietly running away. Shame!"
Porigen urged the Russian Defense Minister, Shiyugu and Chief of Staff Geracimov to go to Bach Murut to assemble troops.
After nearly a year of fierce battles, the Wagner Mercenary announced on May 20th that "Complete Occupation" Bach Murut Essence Pryigon then sent a message saying that the Wagner Force will withdraw from Bach Murut from May 25th to June 1st , And transfer the local positions to the Russian formal forces.
In order to occupy this small salt ore town with a strategic significance, the Russian and Ukraine armed forces were severe and injured. The Russian forces are expected to have about 100,000 casualties.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401506 
Several Russian radio stations were hacked by hackers to forge Putin speech 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T21:24
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T21:26
Description: The Kremlin pointed out that several Russian Radio was attacked by hackers to play false speeches for pseudo -Russian President Putin and spread the false news that the Ukraine had invaded Russia. AFP reported that the Kremlin spokesman Peskov confirmed this hacker on Monday (June 5) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '普京', '俄乌战争']
The Kremlin pointed out that several Russian Radio was attacked by hackers to play false speeches for pseudo -Russian President Putin and spread the false news that the Ukraine had invaded Russia.
Agence France -Presse reported that the Kremlin spokesman Peskov confirmed the hacking incident on Monday (June 5), saying that "the control has been resumed."
False information pointed out that "the Urpical Army, which was armed in NATO, invaded (Russia's) KWRSK, Bryansk, and Belgorod with the consent and support of Washington.
The above areas are all the western border areas that borders Russia and Ukraine, and it is also a place that has been frequently hit by the enemy in the near future.
The false information sounds very similar to the voice of President Putin, and announced the martial law, military mobilization and civilian evacuation of the "invasion" of the three regions.
The Belgo Rhode Administrative Center said that the false information was "deep forgery" in order to "spread panic among local residents."
The Voronezh authorities adjacent to Belgo Rhoda issued a warning to residents saying that "the frequency of radio broadcasting is hacked" and appeases the public "there is no need to worry."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401514 
EU: Scientific and enterprises must remind users of artificial intelligence to deposit "dark noodles" 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T21:52
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T22:03
Description: The EU hopes that technology companies have reminded users that there is a possibility of false possibilities for the content generated by artificial intelligence (AI). Bloomberg reported that Vera Jourova, Vice Chairman of the European Commission on Monday (June 5), said that despite the rapid development of AI technology ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['欧盟', '人工智能', '假信息', 'AI']
The EU hopes that technology companies have reminded users that there is a possibility of false possibilities for the content generated by artificial intelligence (AI).
Bloomberg reported that Verajourva, Vice Chairman of the European Commission on Monday (June 5), said that although the rapid development of AI technology can "act as a positive force", there is also a certain "dark side" and a certain risk. It has a negative impact on the society; especially "new technology brings new challenges to respond to false information."
Yaolova said that companies that have adopted the EU's "voluntary behavior of false information", including TIKTOK, Microsoft, and Meta's parent company META, and "clearly label" the false information generated by AI.
The European Union is negotiating a AI Act to formulate the management regulations for generating AI and plans to launch a key voting at the European Parliament's plenary conference next week.
However, even if the European Union can introduce the final agreed bill by the end of this year, major enterprises are likely to wait until 2026 to comply with relevant regulations.
It is worth noting that the voluntary guidelines that the EU currently promulgated does not include the risks caused by AI to generate false content, making curbing false information a major challenge for governments of various countries.
Yaolova said, "Incorporate the generative AI into the signing party of the service, such as Microsoft's Bid, Google's Bard", now it should also be established to prevent related technologies from being used to generate false information.
Yaorova has met with more than 40 companies that adopt the standard. Twitter withdrew in May to perform voluntary behavior guidelines.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401521 
Sunak will lobby Bayeng to support the British Minister as the Secretary -General of NATO 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T22:28
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T22:37
Description: According to the British "Daily Telegraph", British Prime Minister Sonak will lobby US President Biden to support the British Defense Minister Wallace as the Secretary -General of NATO during his visit to the United States from June 7 to 8. According to Reuters, Sunak was asked about Wallace's candidate at a press conference ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国', '苏纳克', '北约', '美国', '拜登']
According to the British "Daily Telegraph", British Prime Minister Sonak will visit the United States from June 7th to 8th During the period, President Bynden supported British Defense Minister Wallace as the Secretary -General of NATO.
According to Reuters, Sunack said in a press conference and said in a press conference: "In NATO, Wallace is an outstanding Minister of Defense." Dialogue "is under the leadership."
"Wallace is admired by colleagues from all over the world. Britain has always been the main contributor of NATO and has fulfilled its 2%obligations. We have always been the leader of NATO operations and considered ideological leaders."
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg stated that he had no intention of seeking re -election; his term will be ended in October this year Essence
Wallace publicly revealed that he was interested in this position and said in an interview with the media in May, "I always say that this will be a good job, that is the job I want, but I also love me now The job I do. "
The Secretary -General of NATO is appointed by a member country. The term of office is usually four years. The selection of the informal diplomatic consultation between member states is conducted. In order to determine the candidates of the Secretary -General. During the selection process, the top four economies in NATO -the United States, Germany, France, and the United Kingdom have a decisive influence on the final result. The United States, as the number one military power and undertakes NATO fees, has the biggest speech on the issue of the secretary general.
According to Reuters earlier, Danish Prime Minister Fredslekson stated that he was not on the list of candidates for NATO Secretary -General.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401526 
Japan and Asian'an meetings to discuss strengthening economic cooperation 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T22:59
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T23:12
Description: Japan and ASEAN member countries on Monday (June 5) in Tokyo, a four -day economic cooperation seminar was opened in Tokyo. Kyodo News reported that the Japanese Economic and Industry and Japan Business and Industry Conference announced the idea of new economic cooperation- "Japan ASEAN (Asia Jia'an) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '亚细安']
Japan and Yajia'an (ASEAN) On Monday (June 5) in Tokyo, a four -day economic cooperation seminar was opened.
Kyodo News reported that the Japanese Economic and Industry and Japan Business and Industry Conference announced the concept of new economic cooperation- "Japan ASEAN (Asia Gyan) Economic Creation Vision" medium -term summary document, and proposed that the trust relationship established in half a century is the primary motivation. "Create a fair and reciprocal economic model to achieve a safe and rich society."
Representatives of various countries also plan to [promote the framework of de -carbonization] at this meeting](https://www.zaobao.com/news/world/story20230525-1398245)As well as cooperation measures such as expanding talent exchanges.
Representatives of the economic fields of various countries will explore the formulation of the promotion of "co -creation vision" in order to report the final negotiation content at the meeting planned to be held in August.
The mid -term summary document announced by Japan pointed out that Asian'an has become a "veritable global economic development center", saying that member states of Japan and Asians need to use their respective strengths as partners for common development, and establish new relations.
Japan's Minister of Economy and Industry Nishimura said that Japan will promote cooperation with Asianan enterprises in semiconductor and aerospace.
2023 marks the 50th anniversary of the exchange of Japan and the Asianan. The meeting is also the third time in Japan's this year. It is also the first offline meeting for representatives of various countries.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401535 
The liabilities of Chinese local governments are exhausted, but the Ministry of Finance believes that China's fiscal situation is generally healthy and safe 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T23:07:28+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 15:08:37Z
Description: Chinese local governments are in a debt crisis, and half of the debt repayment obligations of Chinese cities have exceeded 10%of their income. Therefore, it has been unable to inject new vitality into the local economic recovery after the epidemic, which has already become a consensus in the economic and financial community. However, senior officials of the Ministry of Finance of China believe that China's fiscal situation is generally healthy and safe, and government debt ratios are not high.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-s-finance-ministry-shrugs-off-concerns-over-local-government-debts-20230605/7123175.html 
In order to promote the Middle East integrated beauty, a senior diplomatic position will be set up 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T23:22
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T23:22
Description: US Secretary of State Broskels announced that Washington is about to add a senior diplomatic position to help promote the integration of the Middle East. Bloomberg reported that Brinken Monday (June 5) made a lecture at the Public Affairs Commission (AIPAC) meeting of the lobbying group in Israeli ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '中东', '以色列', '伊朗', '巴勒斯坦']
US Secretary of State Broskels announced that Washington is about to add a senior diplomatic position to help promote the integration of the Middle East.
Bloomberg reported that Brinken made a speech at the Public Affairs Commission (AIPAC) meeting at the lobbying group of Israeli on Monday (June 5) saying: "We will soon add a new position to further promote (US) diplomacy (US) diplomacy The contacts of the ministry and (Middle East) governments, private sector and non -governmental organizations are all for a more peaceful and closely connected area. "
The analysis believes that the decision to add a new job in the Biden government shows that Washington tries to cool the tension between Israel and the Middle East country including Saudi Arabia.
Brinken also outlines the long -term promise of the United States on Israel, saying that Washington is preventing Iran obtained nuclear weapons "All the choices are on the desktop."
"A more integrated, prosperous, and stable area meets the interests of Israel, the interests of our region partners, and the interests of the United States ... However, the efforts of integration and normalization cannot replace the Israeli and the Palestinian people and the Palestinian people. Progress cannot be at the cost of this. "
On the other hand, Brinkin also promised that the United States will continue to work to maintain Israel's security and resolution Palestinian -Israeli conflict However, he warned that the expansion of Jewish settlements was an obstacle to hindering peace. It is reported that the participants responded indifferently to Brinken's statement.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401542 
Affected by Western sanctions, Russia's May in May declined by more than 30 % 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-05T23:50
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T23:56
Description: Affected by multiple rounds of sanctions in Western countries, Russia's May in May decreased by more than one -third, decreased to 36%. According to the data released by the Russian Ministry of Finance on Monday (June 5) on Monday (June 5), the tax budget income from oil and natural gas decreased by 36%year -on -year, and
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '石油', '天然气', '能源', '制裁俄罗斯']
Multiple rounds of Western countries sanctions Influence, Russia's Energy revenue in May decreased by more than one -third, decreased to 36%.
Bloomberg reported that data released by the Russian Ministry of Finance on Monday (June 5) showed that tax budget revenue from oil and natural gas decreased by 36%year -on -year to 570.7 billion rubles (about 9.4 billion yuan).
Bloomberg estimates that Russia's crude oil and oil revenue decreased by 31%to 425.8 billion rubles, and this category of energy goods accounted for 75%of the energy tax revenue in May.
Petroleum and natural gas account for about one -third of Russian fiscal revenue. With the increasing cost of Russia's war, the Putin government's fiscal revenue continues to eat.
The analysis pointed out that the budget expenditure of the Russian authorities declined because the EU implemented most Russian oil and oil products import ban , Plus Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) There is also a price limit for oil and natural gas.
Data show that Russia's natural gas income in May was nearly 46%year -on -year to 145 billion rubles, and the increase in mineral mining taxes failed to make up for the loss of export tariffs.
Following Russia's natural gas industry company to reduce natural gas to Europe, Russian natural gas export tariff revenue decreased by 81%to 38.3 billion rubles.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230605-1401552 
纽约市如何成为全球中国异见人士的主舞台？ (Free Version) 
Author: James T. Areddy / Liyan Qi
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-05T4:50:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T09:50:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-05T08:58:00.000Z
Description: On June 4, 1989, the Chinese government exhibited some evidences of the Student Movement of Tiananmen Square. Latest action.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000945253
Type: Article
On June 4, 1989, the Chinese government exhibited some evidences of the Student Movement of Tiananmen Square. Latest action.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BA%BD%E7%BA%A6%E5%B8%82%E5%A6%82%E4%BD%95%E6%88%90%E4%B8%BA%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%BC%82%E8%A7%81%E4%BA%BA%E5%A3%AB%E5%8F%91%E5%A3%B0%E5%9C%B0-10caf2a3 
Saudi to contact Messi and Benzema Chuan Magic Flute and Captain French Captain 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-05T9:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05T13:20:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Liad, 5th) A source who knows the negotiation told AFP that the Saudi Arab authorities are in contact with more than 10 stars, hoping that they will join the Saudi Professional Football League next season. Among them, they Many people have won the World Cup or the Champions League Cup.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse quoted the sources as saying that the net object was led by the Argentine football superstar Lionel MESSI and French star Karimbenzema. Luka Modric and Hugo Lloris, the captain and goalkeeper of the French team, also on the list.
Lamio Ramos, Jordi Alba, Sergio Busquets, N'Golokante, Angel Di Maria, and Roberto Firmino are also sand. The Wudi Professional League hopes to be a star.
The players in this list are experienced, and many of them have won the World Cup or the UEFA Champions League (UEFA Champions League).
La Liga Real Madrid said that the Golden Globe winner Benza will leave Real Madrid as a free player after this season after experiencing 14 trophy. Benzema will move to the Alittihad team in two years of contracts.
Paris Saint-Germain (PSG), Paris, who has won many times, announced on social media that Messi will leave the team after the team's last game on the 3rd on the 3rd. The media reported yesterday that Messi was expected to move to Saudi.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230605-%E6%B2%99%E4%B9%8C%E5%9C%B0%E6%8E%A5%E6%B4%BD%E6%A2%85%E8%A5%BF%E4%B8%8E%E6%9C%AC%E6%B3%BD%E9%A9%AC-%E4%BC%A0%E9%AD%94%E7%AC%9B%E5%8F%8A%E6%B3%95%E5%9B%BD%E9%98%9F%E9%95%BF%E4%B9%9F%E6%88%90%E7%9B%AE%E6%A0%87 
The Monterey Strategic and Security Conference in the United States was held in Washington in July, focusing on military sales and Taiwan Strait Security 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T00:45:31+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 16:45:31Z
Description: When the Chinese military strongly confronts the US military in the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea, the United States and Taiwan officials will hold a "Monterey talks" mainly in Washington in July (Monterey talks ", which mainly focuses on security and security issues in Washington (Taiwan is called Monceri talks). Essence
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['台湾', '美国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/taiwan-us-monterey-talks-scheduled-for-july-20230605/7123517.html 
The strictly suppressed Hong Kong press has won a rare victory: Reporters inquire about public information innocence 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T00:49:12+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 16:49:12Z
Description: Cai Yuling, director and well -known reporter of the Radio of Hong Kong, was eventually concluded after being criminally ruled by the case of the Citizen of the Citizenship incident in the 2019 gangster that violently attacked the citizen incident. The five judges of the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal made unanimous decisions on Monday (June 5). The appellant's statement on the use of certificates for investigation was not a false statement and the condemnation was revoked. This is a rare ruling of the Hong Kong court under the white terror of Guoan France under the white terror of Guoan France.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '人权', '法律', '新闻自由']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/award-winning-hong-kong-journalist-wins-appeal-in-rare-court-ruling-upholding-media-freedom-20230605/7123184.html 
You must not say "light" in front of the head: a private car hanging from a US8964 license plate in Hong Kong was dragged away 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T01:35:11+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 17:35:11Z
Description: The Hong Kong society under the "Hong Kong version of the National Security Law" has been shrouded in white horror. In recent years, like Mainland China, it has been strictly prevented of death to the June 4th slaughter of the Chinese people. It is not allowed to mourn or even mention it. On the night of the 34th anniversary of the 64th anniversary of this year, a private car hanging on the "US8964" license plate was intercepted by the police on the streets of Causeway Bay and identified the violation of the rules on the grounds of "license plates" and "brakes". on site.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['港澳', '纪念六四']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hong-kong-police-impound-sports-car-with-8964-licence-plate-on-tiananmen-crackdown-anniversary-20230605/7123182.html 
The United States implements sanctions to combat Russia's influence in Moldova 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T03:01:44+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 19:01:44Z
Description: The U.S. Treasury said sanctions on Monday (June 5) on Monday (June 5) to impose sanctions on a group of groups related to Russian intelligence agencies because they participated in the stability of Moscow's destruction of the Moldova's democratic system and affected their elections.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-sanctions-target-russian-influence-campaign-in-moldova-20230605/7123818.html 
Senior US diplomats met with senior officials of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing to discuss issues such as bilateral relations and Taiwan Straits 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T04:11:13+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 21:01:41Z
Description: U.S. senior diplomats in charge of Asia -Pacific Affairs held talks on Monday (June 5) in Beijing with senior officials in China in Beijing.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '亚太', '中国', '台湾']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-china-beijing-diplomats-meeting-20230605/7123946.html 
7,000 tons of 052D destroyer forcibly cutting 9,000 tons of Aleberk -class ship professional response 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (刘恩民)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T04:13:44+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 20:13:44Z
Description: When the U.S. Army Albek -class Aegis destroyer Zhong Yun was freely sailing in the Taiwan Strait on the 3rd, it was provoked by the Chinese Navy's 052D Suzhou destroyer in a close -range cross -cutting channel. The Zhongyun drainage was 9,200 tons, with more than 100,000 ship horsepower. The drainage of the Suzhou is 7,500 tons, and the ship's horsepower is less than 100,000 horsepower. The US statement pointed out that the behavior of Suzhou has violated the safety of maritime navigation in international waters.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '军事', '每日视频新闻', '台海两岸关系', '社媒-最IN视频']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/chinese-052d-destroyer-cuts-off-u-s-arleigh-burke-class-destroyer-uss-chung-hoon-in-taiwan-strait-20230606/7123945.html 
South Korea tends to Washington in the United States and China in the United States and China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (加洛)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T04:47:48+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 20:47:48Z
Description: At first glance, China was surprised that it was dissatisfied with the South Korean Indo -Pacific strategy. This strategy clarified the vision of the foreign policy of South Korean President Yin Xiyue.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/south-korea-inch-towards-washington-20230605/7123972.html 
EU investigations are suspected of fraudulent biofuels from China 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T05:02:28+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 21:02:28Z
Description: The European Commission spokesman told AFP on Monday (June 5) that the European Commission is investigating fraudulent biofuels suspected of importing from China. A previous EU member state government filed a complaint.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['欧洲', '经济·金融·贸易', '生态环境', '中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/eu-probes-alleged-fraudulent-biofuel-from-china-20230605/7123934.html 
Former US Vice President Pence submitted the document and officially caminated the president 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (布雷德迈尔)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T05:18:03+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 21:18:03Z
Description: Former US Vice President Mike Pence submitted documents on Monday (June 5) and announced the campaign of nomination for the 2024 Republican presidential candidate.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '美国'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/former-us-vp-mike-pence-to-run-for-president-20230605/7124049.html 
The US SEC sued Zhao Changpeng, the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange, and its founder Zhao Changpeng. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T05:31:07+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 21:31:07Z
Description: US regulators sued the Binance and CEO Changpeng ZHAO, the Binance company and its chief executive officer on Monday (June 5). Make Bitcoin fall to the lowest point in nearly three months.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国', '法律', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-sues-binance-and-founder-zhao-over-web-of-deception-20230605/7124008.html 
Chinese social media constantly delete the Western Embassy of the West to commemorate the June 4th posts 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (文灏)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-06T06:02:15+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-05 22:02:15Z
Description: A number of Western embassies in China have been deleted by the commemorative June 4th posts published on Chinese social media in China, and some posts have been deleted again after being re -published. On the past weekend, various social media platforms in China have stepped up the review and removal of the relevant content of June 4th to prevent the public from discussing the student movement 34 years ago and the suppression of Tiananmen Square.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '中国'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-internet-tiananmen-censorship-20230605/7124108.html 
