世界新闻
World News
2023-06-02
 
English 
Malaysia Grand Dan discovered about human remains and funerals about 14,000 years ago 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-01T-26:17
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T16:29
Description: The archeological team of the National University of Malaysia (UKM) found a complete human bone and funeral utensils about 14,000 years ago at Gelle Tongshidong, Wangsheng County. This is the discovery of the second old -fashioned human archeological discovery of Malaysia. Archaeologists were in sand in the 1950s ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['马来西亚', '考古']
The archeological team of the National University of Malaysia (UKM) found a complete human bone and funeral utensils about 14,000 years ago at Gelle Tongshidong, Wangsheng County. This is the discovery of the second old -fashioned human archeological discovery of Malaysia.
Archaeologists discovered human relics and funerals about 40,000 years ago in Nya Cave near Miri, Sarawak. This is the oldest prehistoric mankind in Malaysia. Archaeologists discovered the remains of the "Perak" in 1991 in Linglong, Perak, and were the second old mankind in Malaysia at the time.
The Ministry of Malaysia Tourism, Art and Culture issued a statement on Wednesday (May 31) announced that the archaeological team led by Professor Zu Yisanda at the Institute of Malaysia World and Civilization of Malaysia Starting in November 2022 Before the Lan Danneng Kili Dam Project was launched, archeological rescue operations were launched in the scheduled area of the dam project, and these bones were successively discovered.
The statement says that the human bone is facing the southwest, with a curled posture, like the embryo in the mother. Funeral and interferete tools were also found around the bone. In addition, funeral items also include scoot stones, grinders, hand axes, and dandruff knife made of slate and quartz. These believe that these are related to the funeral ceremony at the time of burial.
The authorities are preparing to send the human teeth and some snail shells discovered to the Beta carbon annual laboratory in the United States to test with accurate radioactive carbon (carbon 14) to identify the exact years of these items. Bone will temporarily collect it in the State Cultural Heritage Bureau.
The National Energy Corporation (Guo Neng) will set up a cultural relic museum near Nengji Lam next to collect all historical relics discovered in the Nengli area, including the above -mentioned human bones.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230601-1400280 
Norway: Russia cannot decide when Ukraine joins NATO 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-01T00:02
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T00:02
Description: Norwegian Foreign Minister Whit Felt said that NATO is not allowed to decide when Ukraine can join NATO. Reuters reports that Whit Feltter said on Wednesday (May 31) when he met the NATO State Foreign Minister that when Ukraine could join NATO, it should be by Uk ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '北约', '挪威']
Norwegian Foreign Minister Whit Felt said that NATO is not allowed to decide when Ukraine can join NATO.
Reuters reported that Whit Feltt said on Wednesday (May 31) when he met with the NATO State Foreign Minister that when Ukraine could join NATO, it should be determined by Ukraine and NATO allies, not Moscow.
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg had emphasized that Ukraine's legitimate status was in NATO, and all member states agreed to Ukraine and eventually join the NATO family. However, he recently stated that as long as the Russian and Ukraine War continued, Ukraine could not join NATO.
NATO will hold a summit in Vernis, the capital of Lithuania, and the qualifications of member states in Ukraine and Sweden will be the focus of the meeting. The application of Ukraine has been strongly opposed by Russia, and Swedish application faces Turkey's pressure Essence
Whit Felt said that Sweden should formally become a member of NATO before the summit in NATO in July, "there is absolutely no reason to stop it," the country "meets all standards."
Reuters reports that Sweden has little hope this time because Turkish Foreign Minister Chawusu Lu will not attend the July Summit.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230601-1400163 
Chinese battery companies have ushered in opportunities in green technology "European Manufacturing" 
Authors: ['张冬方']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-01T01:06:14+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-31T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-31T21:05:99+08:00
Description: 张冬方：中国电池厂商在欧投资建厂并非只是“别无选择”的选择，他们也在欧盟的绿色政策走向中迎来自己的机会。
Images: [" 000182667_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '电动汽车', '关注']
Keywords: ['电动汽车', '汽车业', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Looking at the global electric vehicle battery market, the development momentum of Chinese battery companies is righteous. According to Sneresearch, in the global power battery market in 2022, the Ningde Times and BYD have developed the fastest. Among them, the Ningde Times took the lead and was far ahead. Last year, the global battery capacity was 517.9GWh, a year -on -year increase of 71.8%, while the installed capacity of a company in Ningde Times reached 194.6GWh, with a market share of 37%, and its production capacity increased by 92.5%year -on -year. BYD, also from China, is aiming at the second place with Korean battery manufacturer LG new energy.
Rhodiumgroup and Merics recently released a China direct investment research report in Europe showed that from 2016 to 2022, China's FDI on the global electric vehicle value chain increased from 605 million euros to 24 billion euros, turning three times. In the past five years, transactions in the field of electric vehicles accounted for 19%of all direct investment. In 2022, the proportion was 58%. Studies have pointed out that China's expansion in the field of electric vehicles has been concentrated in minerals and developed to build battery factories directly in important markets.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099824 
Suspected of bribery Bao Fan's detention period was extended for 3 months 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-01T01:44:00Z
Description: Bao Fan, the chairman of China Huaxing Capital, who disappeared in February this year, has reported that the detention period has been extended for three months. The jungle of the chairman of the Huaxing Capital Hong Kong Securities Subsidiary, the detention period, has also been extended.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '德意志银行']
Keywords: ['包凡', '中国', '银行', '马云', '肖建华', '金融']
Id: 65787901
Bao Fan, chairman of China Huaxing Capital, was extended and detained for 3 months. The picture shows the information of the information of his information in Hong Kong in September 2018
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) Chinese media reported that the authorities were accused of suspected bribery and lost contact in February this year Bao Fan, the founder, chairman and chief executive of China Financial Group "Huaxing Capital", has been extended for three months. In addition, the jungle, chairman of the Huaxing Capital Hong Kong Securities subsidiary related to Bao Fan's case, was also informed to continue to be extended after 6 months of the reserve period.
The China Financial Media "Economic Observer" reported on Wednesday (May 31) that those familiar with the matter said that the restrictions of Chinese supervision institutions for well -known investors Bao Fan will be extended for three months from May 7, 2023.
On February 7 this year, Bao Fan was taken away by the official disciplinary commission of the Chinese Commission for Discipline Inspection and was left for investigations and was left to the unit. The specific case handling institutions include the CPC Central Commission for Discipline Inspection Commission and the Beijing Discipline Inspection Commission and other departments.
In response to Bao Fan's extension of detention, Huaxing Capital did not immediately respond to Reuters' comment requests.
Reuters reports that the group has stated that after the Chinese government will take Bao Fan away to cooperate with the investigation, it will postpone the annual audit report from April 3 and suspend stock transactions.
After Bao Fan lost contact in February this year, Huaxing Capital's stock price plummeted by 50%. Its stock price has fallen by about 10%this year.
Bao Fan is widely known in the Chinese corporate community and participated in a series of high -profile scientific and technological mergers and acquisitions in China, including the merger of "Didi" and "fast" of the taxi company, and the mergers and acquisitions of takeaway giants Meituan.
Huaxing Capital is a well -known local financial institution in China.
Why is the goal? 
Bao Fan was not the first Chinese billionaire who was forced to miss or was arrested. In the past few years, there are nearly many billionaires in China, similar situations have encountered similar situations Essence
Nicknamed Buffett, China Guo Guangchang He is the founder of Fosun Group. He disappeared for several days in 2015. In addition, Chinese Canadian businessman Xiao Jianhua He disappeared in Hong Kong in 2017. It is reported that his trial had begun in July last year and he was sentenced to 13 years. In 2020, the founder of Alibaba Ma Yun It also disappeared from the public vision for several months. At that time, the digital payment company Ant Financial was preparing to go public.
Wang Yaqiu, a senior Chinese researcher at Human Rights Observation (HRW), told DW in February this year that "the Chinese government has used the same approach to many people. We know the only reason for the disappearance of well -known entrepreneurs is because they are big people."
Other experts believe that the reason why Beijing cracks down on these entrepreneurs is that they need to ensure that their companies or business behaviors are in line with the CCP's priority.
Ni Weiping, the research and propaganda coordinator of the Chinese Human Rights Defender (CHRD), told DW in February this year that in Bao Fan's case, the reason why he became the goal of suppressing Monopoly of power, or excessive control over the Chinese technology industry in financing.
He said: "(China) the government is trying to curb the ambitions of the technology industry, hoping that these companies will succeed, and they also hope to ensure that these companies can develop under the party's firm guidance."
The outside world is worried that with the continuous development of the Chinese government's suppression of entrepreneurs, this trend will cause investors to lose confidence in the Chinese market.
Chinese legal scholar Teng Biao said: "The Communist Party of China has been suppressing private enterprises for many years, and sometimes their policies will cause the entire industry to be suddenly hit."
(Comprehensive report)
*#####, fell in love, lose your feet, disappear? Those who have "disappeared" celebrities from all walks of life in China
高 Where is the senior official Peng Shuai? 
At the beginning of November this year, Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai posted a long article on Weibo to give sexual assault allegations to the former Deputy Prime Minister of the State Council of China. Her post was deleted in a short time, and the Weibo account was also blocked, and she also disappeared from the public perspective for a while, which caused widespread attention. On November 21, the International Olympic Games issued a statement that his chairman Bach had a video call with other representatives with other representatives, quoting Peng Shuai that he was safe and hoped that privacy would be respected. However, videos of the International Olympic Games have caused questions from all walks of life. The Chinese researcher Wang Yaqiu pointed out on Twitter that the international Olympic Games and Peng Shuai made a call, which seemed to let the organization began to play the role of spreading Chinese foreign publicity.
*#####, fell in love, lose your feet, disappear? Those who have "disappeared" celebrities from all walks of life in China
? Ali was robbed? 
Jack Ma delivered a speech at the Shanghai Bund Financial Summit in October last year to publicly criticize China's financial supervision system. In early November, Alibaba's financial technology company Ant Group was stopped at the last moment in Shanghai and Hong Kong's first public offering (IPO) at the last moment. Since then, Ma Yun has never appeared publicly or spoke. Regulatory agencies have repeatedly interviewed the management of Ant Group and announced an antitrust investigation of Alibaba Group.
*#####, fell in love, lose your feet, disappear? Those who have "disappeared" celebrities from all walks of life in China
The former "Grand Cannon" was sentenced to 18 years 
Visiting Wuhan to disappear for a year 
In January last year, the lawyer and citizen reporter Chen Qiu rushed to the local area on the occasion of Wuhan to the local city, saying that they went to and retreat with Wuhan compatriots, and to pass the voice of Wuhan. He visited Wuhan Central Hospital. On February 7, the police of Chen Qiushi, Qingdao, informed Chen Qiushi's family that he had been taken away by the National Security and wasolated by the National Security on the afternoon of February 6. At the beginning of October last year, Hong Kong media said that Chen was in Qingdao, but it was still in the state of restrictions on the trial and could not contact the outside world. On September 30 this year, Chen Qiushi repeatedly posted on Twitter, and guests Xu Xiaodong's show on YouTube's program. His expression was pleasant in the live broadcast, but his body was obviously thin. When it comes to this experience Some can say that some cannot say, know how to understand.
*#####, fell in love, lose your feet, disappear? Those who have "disappeared" celebrities from all walks of life in China
Xinjiang Tourism Police arrested 
At the end of 2018, when Lu Guang, a long -term tourist Chinese photographer traveling in the United States, he lost contact with his family when he went to Xinjiang to travel. After more than a month of disappearance, his family received the news that Lu Guang had been arrested by the Kashi police. At that time, the police did not provide any written notice of their families, nor did they informed the reason why Lu Guang was arrested. Lu Guang has long been based on the people and environmental protection issues of Chinese society through photography. On September 9, 2019, Lu Guang's wife said through Twitter that Lu Guang had been released back home a few months ago, and everything was safe. But some who are familiar with the Lu case said Lu's wife was under pressure from the police.
*

失言、失宠、失足、失踪？ 那些曾“被消失的”中国各界名人 
部长失踪 妻子报案 
2018年10月初，居住在国际刑警组织总部所在地法国里昂的前国际刑警组织主席孟宏伟的妻子向法国警方报案，称孟宏伟9月底去北京出差后就失踪了。10月7日，孟的妻子在里昂举行新闻发布会向国际社会求救。同一天，中共中央纪委国家监委网站发布消息，"公安部副部长孟宏伟涉嫌违法，目前正接受国家监委监察调查"。次年3月，孟宏伟被开除出党。去年1月，孟宏伟以受贿罪被天津市第一中级人民法院一审判处有期徒刑13年6个月，并处罚金人民币200万元。
Pushed away by a single -mask wheelchair 
According to the New York Times, in the early morning of January 27, 2018, 45 -year -old Xiao Jianhua sat on a wheelchair and was taken away from the Hong Kong Four Seasons Hotel. His head was blindfolded like a sheet or a blanket. On February 1, the main "Tomorrow Department" group in Xiao Jianhua published the front version of advertisements, saying that Xiao "adopted a disease abroad." It is reported that Xiao may have business with Zeng Qinghong's relatives. Until July 2020, the Group confirmed for the first time tomorrow that Xiao Jianhua was in mainland China and said that he was cooperating with the government's reorganization enterprise group. At the same time, two regulators of China announced that they have taken over several hundreds of billions of dollars worth hundreds of billions of dollars in the Holdings Group.
*#####, fell in love, lose your feet, disappear? Those who have "disappeared" celebrities from all walks of life in China
"Can't perform duties" Anbang restless 
On June 14, 2017, Anbang Group issued a statement on the official website, saying that the chairman Wu Xiaohui "" cannot perform his duties for personal reasons, and the relevant executives of the group have been authorized to perform their duties. " The New York Times quoted people familiar with the matter and said Wu Xiaohui was detained. In March 2018, Wu Xiaohui was sued by the Procuratorate.
*#####, fell in love, lose your feet, disappear? Those who have "disappeared" celebrities from all walks of life in China
"Private Equity Brother" 
According to the official Xinhua News Agency of China, on November 1, 2015, Xu Xiang, general manager of Zexi Investment, "obtained inside information of the stock market through illegal means, engaged in insider trading and manipulating stock transactions, and was taken criminal compulsory measures by public security organs in accordance with law." Xu Xiang in a white Armani suit was arrested near the Hangzhou Bay Cross -sea Bridge in Ningbo. The New York Times reported that during the 2015 summer stock market disaster, Zexi's fund income still rose against the market. In April 2016, Xu Xiang was officially arrested. In January 2017, Xu Xiang was sentenced to five and a half years in the first instance of manipulating the securities market with a fine of 11 billion yuan.
*

失言、失宠、失足、失踪？ 那些曾“被消失的”中国各界名人 
富商徐明 猝死狱中 
2015年12月4日，大连实德集团、实德俱乐部前董事长徐明在服刑的武汉监狱中因突发心肌梗塞死亡。徐明曾在薄熙来案中出庭作证。薄熙来被指控收受其巨额贿赂。2012年3月，有多家媒体报道称，徐明涉嫌经济案件被相关部门控制。但此后有关其被捕、被起诉以及最后被判刑的过程不曾被公开。徐明的刑期也一度不为人知。
"Assisting the Investigation" content is unknown 
The Financial Times reported that in December 2015, Guo Guangchang, chairman of Fosun Group, appeared after lost four days after losing contact. It is reported that he was assisted by the Chinese authorities for a survey during the loss of contact. It is reported that in the anti -corruption movement of the Chinese government, Guo Guangchang is the most well -known private entrepreneur who has been affected. When he appeared again at the company's internal meeting, the audience was welcomed.
*#####, fell in love, lose your feet, disappear? Those who have "disappeared" celebrities from all walks of life in China
Missing five weeks and showing their duties 
Strictly blocked the secret detention 
On April 3, 2011, Chinese artist Ai Weiwei was preparing to prepare his personal art exhibition via Hong Kong to Taiwan, but Yang was taken away by the Beijing police in the Beijing Capital International Aircraft. After that, he was secretly detained for 81 days and was investigated by the police. Later, China officially stated that because Ai Wei did not plead guilty and actively cooperated with police investigations, and suffered from chronic diseases, it finally released it in the name of "bail pending trial", announcing that Ai's "actual control" development culture development company needs to make up 15.22 million Metal tax and fines. The New York Times reported that from April 3, 2011 to July 2015, mainland Chinese authorities had no reason and no procedures to seize Ai without passports.

News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/涉嫌行賄-包凡拘留期遭延長3個月/a-65787901?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
每周时事分析：朝鲜射导故作气定神闲状 (Free Version) 
Authors: ['曹辛']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-01T03:47:45+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-31T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-05-31T23:39:99+08:00
Description: 曹辛：朝鲜故作气定神闲状地发射，目的是制造合法拥核的氛围和认知；但在行动中又被世界发现了问题，说到底，在拥核问题上还是不自信。
Images: [" 000183045_pic... "]
Themes: ['朝鲜', '关注']
Keywords: ['朝鲜', '朝鲜核问题', '中朝关系', '朝韩关系']
Type: Article
 On May 31st, after premium propaganda, North Korea launched the first spy satellite in the history of the country at 6:30 local time, but eventually failed and fell into the western coast of the Western Korean Peninsula. After the launch failed, the North Korean Universe Development Bureau made a explanation of the launch failure and the future launch plan to launch failed to launch through the North Korean Society. At present, South Korea is salvaging some of the wreckage.
The significant manifestation of North Korea's launching spy satellite is: pretending to be qi and leisurely launch, the purpose is to create the atmosphere and cognition of its own legitimate nuclear support; The issue of nuclear is still unconfident.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099825 
AI会写代码了，对企业是福是祸？ (Free Version) 
Author: Isabelle Bousquette
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-01T04:00:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T04:00:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-01T02:45:00.000Z
Description: 生成式AI写代码工具有望为开发者带来巨大的效率提升，但一些技术高管对AI过快地生成过多代码所带来的后果忧心忡忡。
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000937522
Type: Article
生成式AI写代码工具有望为开发者带来巨大的效率提升，但一些技术高管对AI过快地生成过多代码所带来的后果忧心忡忡。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/ai%E4%BC%9A%E5%86%99%E4%BB%A3%E7%A0%81%E4%BA%86-%E5%AF%B9%E4%BC%81%E4%B8%9A%E6%98%AF%E7%A6%8F%E6%98%AF%E7%A5%B8-71609065 
UFO公开听证会：NASA美国太空总署不明飞行物小组的五个发现 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-01T06:52:46.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T06:52:46.000Z
Description: The Special Team of the United States Space Agency (NASA) announced the results of the 800 mysterious phenomenon: some unknown flights are actually cartoon balloon, and some are still a mystery.
Images: [" _129872124_ge... ", " _112953491__1... ", " _129951340_na... ", " _129951332_p0... ", " _129951335_p0... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['科学天地', '技术新知', '外层空间', '美国', '航天', '军事']
Type: Article
UFO Public Hearing: NASA's Five Discovery of the Unknown Flight Group of NASA 
June 1, 2023![] Image source, getty images
The US authorities investigated about 800 unknown flight objects in decades. A researcher group stated that the phenomenon that was really unpredictable was a small part. 
The United States Space Agency (NASA) set up a group last year to explain the research on the institution's research on the so -called unknown abnormal phenomenon (UAP).
The definition of "Uap" is a witness that "cannot be determined as a aircraft or a scientific natural phenomenon".
The research team held the first public hearing on Wednesday (May 31).
This is a few of them that revealed.
Many phenomena can be explained, and some are still a mystery 
"We have 50 to 100 new reports every month," said Sean Kirkpatrick, head of the ALL-DOMain Anomaly ResolutionOFFICE (AARO) under the AARO.
However, he said that only 2%to 5%of the entire database of these witnesses that "really may belong to abnormalities."
At this hearing, a video shot by the US Navy aircraft over the west of the United States showed that a series of light spots flew over the night sky. Military aircraft failed to intercept these objects at the time, and later found that it was a civil aircraft flying to a major airport.
Other witnesses are more mysterious.
 
Background: What is the UFO public hearing? 
 Image source, NASA
Image adding text,
The U.S. General Administration of Space held a UFO public hearing.
This is the first time that the U.S. Space Administration has conducted research on unknown flying objects for decades.
Richardgray, editor of the BBC Future column, reported that the phenomenon of unknown flying objects (UFO) has been stigmatized for a long time -many people do not think it should belong to the category of rational scientific research, but held This meeting clearly shows that the US Space Administration now wants to take this topic seriously, and also shows that the scientific community is becoming more and more willing to discuss the possibility of alien life.
 A report from the Pentagon in 2021 states that the military pilots have witnessed 144 times since 2004, and only one of them has not been explained once. Officials do not want to rule out the possibility of objects from alien creatures.
Privacy Rights into an obstacle to NASA Survey 
Kirka Patric also mentioned that the issue of privacy limits the investigation of the General Administration of Space.
"As long as we are willing, we can align the largest collection instrument at any time," he said.
"Many of our existing things are around the United States," he said. "Most people ... don't like we will collect instruments at your backyard."
 Image adding text,
Scott Kelly is a former astronaut and pilot with decades of experience. He told a story about visual myth.
microwave oven and cartoon balloon 
The relevant data of UAP is often difficult to decipher, and it is easy to be interpreted.
David Spergel, chairman of the UAP team of the US Space Agency, mentioned that Australian researchers have intercepted a radio wave.
"Its structure is very strange, and people can't understand what's going on. Then they began to notice that many of them appeared concentrated at lunch time," he said.
It turned out that the high -sensitivity equipment used by the researchers received the microwaves they emitted when they were heated for lunch with a microwave oven.
Scott Kelly is a former astronaut and pilot with decades of experience. He told a story about visual myth.
He and deputy pilot were flying near the Virginia Beach, and his deputy pilot "was convinced that we had just passed an unknown flying object."
"I didn't see it. We turned back to find and found that it was a Simpson cartoon -a balloon."
Study on the Influence of Starbing and Habits 
Spegel also said that civil aviation pilots are very reluctant to report to the incident because people are prejudice about flying saucer.
"One of our goals is to resolve these prejudices," he said. "Because for UAP, high -quality data is required to answer major questions."
Some scientists also face harassment on the Internet because of their work in this field.
"Harassing can only lead to more stigma in the UAP field, seriously hindering the scientific process, and damping the confidence of other people to study this important issue," said Nicola Fox, the scientific director of the General Administration of Space.
NASA's practice has changed? 
 Image adding text,
Do Americans believe that there are foreign customers? (The picture shows tourists from the Space Museum).
One of the reasons why the hearing on Wednesday is worthy of attention is that the practice of the General Administration of Space in the United States has changed. It took decades to reveal the truth about UFO for decades.
At the end of the hearing, the research team answered public questions. One question is "What are NASA covering up?"
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/science-65773693 
NATO's "East Advancement" set up the Tokyo Liaison Office Ukraine War to give birth to the "Little NATO" in Asia? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-01T07:59:39.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T07:59:39.000Z
Description: As the world's largest multinational military alliance, NATO set the first formal contact place in India. Only symbolic significance or substantial strategic function? What is its goal?
Images: [" _129951650_ge... ", " _129951651_ge... "]
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['乌克兰局势升温', '日本', '中國', '北大西洋公约组织']
Type: Article
NATO "Dongjin" set up the Tokyo liaison office Ukraine War to give birth to the "Little NATO" in Asia? 
June 1, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg visited Japan in early 2023. The title of the speech was "NATO and Japan: Face the new reality of security with strong partnerships".
As the world's largest multinational military alliance, NATO (NATO) has become more high -profile in Asia since Moscow's invasion of Ukraine last year, causing the attention of the Indo -Pacific regional state. In May of this year, Japan officially confirmed that NATO will set up a liaison office in Tokyo in July, but at the same time clarify that Japan has no intention of applying to join NATO. 
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs immediately criticized NATO's move to destroy the stability of the area. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning responded to the news at the news meeting, "Asia -Pacific does not welcome camps to confront and does not welcome military groups." She emphasized that since NATO claims to be a regional alliance, it should not seek geographical breakthroughs.
However, NATO set the first formal contact place in India, only symbolic significance or had substantial strategic functions?
Stephennagy, a senior associate professor of Tokyo International Christian University (ICU), told BBC Chinese that provided more opportunities for Japanese and NATO member states to share information sharing, including emergency response on security challenges across the Atlantic and Indo -Pacific regions Plan: "This has a potential Taiwan Strait crisis, the Sino -Indian border friction on the Himalayan plateau, the problem of communication routes in the South China Sea and the East China Sea, and the spread of the large -scale killing nuclear weapons of Pyongyang."
Chen Yaohua, an assistant professor of Chinese research, told the BBC that Japan ’s assistant professor of research was in Asia that the possibility of“ Little NATO ”in Asia is low. The interaction between Japan and NATO is at least in the short term that symbolizes significance than substantial significance. "After all, NATO is far away from Asia, and it is unlikely to see the NATO army appearing in Asia, and the leader of NATO is the United States.
 Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
NATO has covered 6 countries except Japan in G7.
However, relevant persons commented that no matter how deep the tentacles of NATO in Indo -Pacific, China has caused China to be vigilant. The latter and Moscow will counter NATO, which will directly affect the direction of Sino -Japanese relations.
There are currently 31 member states in NATO, including 6 countries in the G7, including the United States and Britain. Japan, South Korea, and Australia are NATO's partner countries in India.
The NATO Summit officially included China in the "systemic challenge" for the first time: whether the tentacles have extended into Indo -Pacific The Night of the Chinese Embassy in the South China Union 20 years ago was bombed by NATO in NATO Asia -Pacific arms race competition and Sino -Japanese relations under the influence of Japanese defense expenditures * Japan once represents the future, but it is trapped in the past 
Image source, Takashi Aoyama / Pool / Anadolu Agency Via Getty
Image adding text,
Kishida Wenxiong has been considered as a firm gentle school within the Liberal Democratic Party, but this year, three documents have been introduced to show that Japan will break through many post -war taboos, including further expanding weapons exports.
How to generate NATO Tokyo 
The interaction between NATO and Japan became more and more frequent after Russia invaded Ukraine last year. In June last year, the Japanese Prime Minister Kishita Kishita attended the NATO Summit in Spain. In November, Japan officially joined the NATO Network Defense Center. At the end of January this year, Jensstoltenberg, the secretary -general of NATO, arrived in Tokyo and met Kishita Wenxiong. Last week, the Kyodo News Agency disclosed that Kishida was going to participate in the NATO summit held in Lithuania in July.
In fact, when Stoltenberg visited Japan at the beginning of the year, he discussed the idea of setting up a NATO -liaison office in Tokyo. He also issued a joint statement with Kishida Wenxiong after the meeting. In addition to criticizing Russia, the statement emphasized that he faced Beijing in the face of Beijing The rapid strengthening of military forces and expanding military activities have strongly urged Tokyo and NATO to cooperate in improving transparency and military control, disarmament, and anti -diffusion.
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Japan is expected to increase defense expenses in the next five years. By 2027, national defense funds will reach 2%of the GDP in Japan.
At the beginning of May this year, after the plan to disclose the liaison office of the Japanese media was determined, the Japanese Foreign Minister Lin Fangzheng confirmed the news that the Prime Minister Kishita Tianshi immediately stated that Japan did not join NATO's plan. At the end of May, the Chinese website "The China Project" said last week that at the end of March this year, Olivier Rittiman, the president of NATO National Defense School, visited Taiwan and met with the president of the National Defense University of Taiwan. After the news was exposed, the latter confirmed a low -key confirmation that the Taiwan government did not respond.
NATO's activity in Indo -Pacific began to radiate to the Indo -Pacific region with Japan as the main axis. Professor Chen Yanhua believes that NATO and Japan's recent close interaction should be driven by the Ukraine War. For a long time studying Sino -Japanese relations, he told BBC that Tokyo judged that Beijing would learn the possible way of attacking Taiwan from the Ukraine War, while NATO judged that there may be Beijing support behind Russia. Therefore, Tokyo may think that "if Beijing can suppress Beijing, it can suppress Moscow, so starting from one year ago, Japan and NATO have begun to strengthen contact."
Su Ziyun, director of the Institute of Defense Strategy and Resources, located in the "Institute of Defense Security" in Taipei, analyzed the two levels of political and strategic cooperation between NATO and Japan.The focus of multiple yuan strategy is to expand the in -depth cooperation between the two parties in space, network and other spaces, and share information to improve early warning results. At the same time, you can also share the cooperation of advanced technology at the technical level to prevent various emerging online attacks. Su Ziyun said that this is a preparation made by the "Zero-Day Attack" to the purpose of improving the benefits of Deterrain Warfare.
Chen Yanhua also agreed that NATO cooperation with Japan should have long -term highlights in how the two sides deepen cooperation in the fields of "responding to network threats, destructive technology, and cracking down on false information." He emphasized that online defense is one of Japan's current economic security projects. At the G7 meeting earlier, Tokyo also specifically proposed that "Japan will definitely refer to the experience of Ukraine in the Ukraine in the Ukraine War in the Ukraine War."
The United States borrows the Summit of the Four Kingdoms to create a "Indo -Pacific NATO"? Japan, Taiwan or Cheng game game 50th anniversary of normalization of China -Japan diplomatic relations: "Ghost Professional Households" and Sino -Japanese relations in the eyes of Chinese in Japan Focus on new opponents 70 years after the establishment of the world's largest military group 
Image adding text,
NATO did not exist in Asia Pacific. The United States carried out military deployment through the so -called Pacific "island chain", which was a strategic pattern that continued to this day after World War II.
Beijing's response 
Most comments believe that a major spindle between NATO and Japan is to open a military contest with China.
After NATO's confirmation of the contact office in Tokyo, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs immediately slammed publicly on that day, and the wording was tough. Speaker Mao Ning said at a press conference that NATO continued to enter the Asia -Pacific and intervene in regional affairs in the east, which will inevitably undermine regional peace and stability and promote camp confrontation. Last week, Mao Ning again criticized Kishida Wenxiong's plan to attend the NATO summit this summer that the Asia -Pacific region was not the geographical category of North Atlantic.
In addition, the WeChat public account of the Chinese official media Beijing Daily, "Chang'an Street Knowledge", also issued a document in May to criticize that Japan is leading "NATO to the gate of China." In the article, the so -called "Chinese challenge" criticized NATO hype, which is called the initiator of the Russian and Ukraine conflict. "" ".
Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
Dongfeng-21D ballistic missile deployed in China. The Pentagon believes that China has strengthened the anti -intervention ability in the first island chain through the deployment of missiles and space detection systems.
Sun Xingjie, a professor at Zhongshan University of China, said that the Hong Kong media "Ming Pao" said that the cooperation between Japan and NATO can be reminiscent of the British -Japan Alliance in the early 20th century, that is, Japan hopes to cooperate with the world's most powerful military group, and then I want to establish Japan's dominant position in East Asia during the changing period of Europe.
He believes that the actions that Kishida Wento wants to make the Japanese country normally obvious. The introduction of NATO into the Asia -Pacific "Cold War camp also brought the Cold War camp into the Asia -Pacific".
However, Sun Xingjie analyzed that Kishida's goal may not be achieved, because Japan's "normally nationally", which contained in military defense, actually involves the core of Japan and the United States. Seeing that Japan can be completely military autonomy and no longer be subject to the White House. In addition, with China's existing strong national strength, it will continue to prevent the ambition of Japanese military expansion.
[Video-1-Link:/WS/AV-EMBEDS/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/World-65774317/P09LJFRV/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/world-65774317/p09ljfrv/zh-hans) 你的器材不支持播放多媒体材料 视频加注文字，
2021年北约峰会：北约公报列中国为“系统性挑战” 中国反击指“公报延续冷战思维”
不过，也有评论认为，战后数十年的日本内阁，曾经亲美或疑美路线更迭，同时影响到了日美中三角关系，但这种浮动关系，到了前首相安倍晋三后，日本“抗中亲美”的印太战略后已经底定，短期内没有变动的迹象。而安倍生前一手拔擢的岸田文雄，走的也是安倍的外交政策。
据此观察未来的中日关系，陈宥桦教授告诉BBC，未来日本可能会“逐渐摆脱二战发起国的内疚阴影，将破坏当下国际秩序与和平的责任导向北京”。他解释，安倍以前的日本内阁因为二战内疚之缘故，对国际事务倾向不闻不问，但习近平上台后，中国与美国或国际社会的外交对抗，让日本找到理由对国际事务变得积极，特别是在布置包围中国的网络，“日本与中国的历史角色在二战80年后渐渐开始互换。但这包围网的目的并非要与中国求战，而是要吓阻中国。”
孙兴杰则批评日本有意利用俄乌冲突的危机，在亚太地区推展安全化动员，最初是制造“今日乌克兰，明日东亚”炒作台湾问题，再炒作日本与俄罗斯的领土纠纷，未来日俄关系如何变化，也是一大问题。
不过，东京基督教国际大学奈吉教授则告诉BBC，即便北京会加强日本与北约的合作，但中日两国的经济连接仍然很深，所以预计不太可能看到两国关系会单单因为北约设立东京联络处，就将紧张情势升高。但他认为，北京可能会通过加强与俄罗斯在日本领土周边地区的军事合作回应日本：“这也是向东京发出强烈的信息——在日本自认较脆弱的的议题上，北京与莫斯科会共事合作，并对其施压。”
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65774317 
Rare genetic mutations made her a woman who could not feel pain 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-01T08:45:55.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T08:45:55.000Z
Description: Joe Cameron almost couldn't feel pain. She often burned her arms on the oven. She had to rely on the smell of burnt her flesh to know that she was injured.
Images: [" _129854076_he... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['科学天地', '自然', '药', '健康卫生 ', '女人']
Type: Article
Rare genetic mutation, making her a woman who can not feel pain 
June 1, 2023![] Image source, PA Media
Image adding text,
Joe Cameron's condition may lead to the development of new therapy.
Jo Cameron is the only person in the world who has two genetic mutations in the world, which means that she can hardly feel pain and has a strong ability to heal. 
The researchers spent 10 years before discovering the role of these mutations. In 2013, the 65 -year -old man at the time had a regular hand surgery, which discovered a genetic mutation, which explained the reason why she was not sensitive to pain.
She told the BBC: "I had a handwritten arthritis surgery. I chatted with the anesthesiologist at the time. He said that it would be a very, very painful operation, and you will experience great pain afterwards."
I said, "I can't feel the pain." He came to me after the operation. He said, "You don't take medicine to relieve pain. This is very unusual."
When her anesthesiologist Devjitsrivastava, her anesthesiologist Devjitsrivastava referred her to the University of London (UCL) and Oxford University painter. The team of genetic experts collected tissue and blood -like to observe her DNA.
After six years of research, they discovered that the unknown FAAH-OUT gene mutations made Ms. Cameron, who lived in the Scottish highlands, had no pain, pressure or fear.
What is the FAAH-OUT gene mutation? 
The FAAH-OUT gene is a member of a group of genes and has always been considered "junk DNA". But scientists are now understanding the importance of these genes in the process of reproductive ability, aging and disease.
In this case, researchers can determine which genes are related to lack of pain, which genes to eliminate anxiety and depression, and which genes help Ms. Qiao heal rapidly.
They found that the FaAH-OUT mutation "closed" the expression of the FaAH gene, which is related to pain, emotion and memory. The mutation also reduces the FAAH Enzyme.
Ms. Qiao's FAAH gene also has a mutation, which reduces the activity of the enzyme. This enzyme is a biocuk that makes a protein. It usually decomposes the "happiness" molecule called an Anandamide, but it cannot operate normally for Ms. Qiao.
Scientists also found that the two mutations owned by Ms. Qiao not only made her feel pain, but also related to healing.
"They are connected to some extent. Her cells can heal at a speed of 20%to 30%faster than ordinary people, which is amazing, so you can imagine the health potential of wound healing," Ande, deputy professor of the University of London, Andreiokorokov said. He is a senior co -author published in the research on the brain published in the neuroshi.
"This mutation deletes a part of the FAAH-OUT gene and close it. Ms. Qiao has another mutation in the FAAH gene. So far, we don't know who has these two mutations in the world."
Why do we need to feel the pain? 
Pain is essential for protecting us from destructive and threatening life. The consequences of pain can not feel very serious.
For Ms. Qiao, who often burns her arms on the oven, she has to rely on the burnt smell of the flesh to know that her skin has been injured.
"We have worked with other patients, and they can't feel pain because of mutation of other genes, and sometimes they are seriously injured. Therefore, it is a good thing to feel pain, but sometimes pain will become chronic without any more. Useful, "Professor James Cox, an expert in human pain in the University of London and the author of the study, said.
During the growth process, Ms. Qiao didn't know she was different. She has never taken any painkillers.
She said: "I don't think this is unusual, because this is me. I have children. I have a husband who has been married for many years. They just think I have a huge painful ability."
Gene mutations also mean that she feels much faster.
She said, "When something hates happens, my emotions will respond immediately like others. But then, I think I can do something, and I start thinking about the strategy of getting rid of the predicament."
Professor Kokis hopes that these discoveries can promote new drug research to help pain management, wound healing and mental health.
He said: "Chronic pain is the most common health situation in our time. We urgently need new painkillers. By understanding how FaAH-OUT operates at the molecular level, we hope to develop new and better painkillers. "
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/science-65775471 
2024 US presidential election: the number of Republican candidates rose, and the election situation became white and heated 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-01T10:17:56.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T10:17:56.000Z
Description: The competition nominated by the Republican presidential candidate in 2024, two long -term optimistic competitors joined the candidate.
Images: [" _129950213_tr... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['美国总统大选', '政治', '美国']
Type: Article
2024 U.S. Presidential Election: The number of Republican candidates rose, and the election situation became hot 
June 1, 2023![] 
图像来源， Getty Images
2024年共和党总统候选人提名的竞争正在升温，两名长期被看好的竞争者加入了候选行列。 
美国前副总统迈克·彭斯(Mike Pence)和前新泽西州州长克里斯·克里斯蒂(Chris Christie)将于下周宣布参选，让总统竞选场变得愈加拥挤。
这会让目前的领跑者、前总统唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)大为不爽，势必让竞选充满火药味。
最终的获胜者可能在明年11月的选举中挑战民主党总统拜登。
特朗普因“封口费”事件遭刑事起诉成美国政坛首例，这将如何影响2024总统大选？ * Trump "Rebumbing the Rivers and Lakes" in 2024 to run for the six uncomfortable factors of the President of the United States in 2024 
Mike Pence 
Image source, getty images
According to sources close to Pence's campaign team, Pence will launch a campaign in Iowa on June 7, which will cause him to make fire between him and his former boss.
For four years, he has been Trump's loyal deputy and served as the position of vice president. Until the riots of Congress in 2021, their relationship broke down.
Pence is the son of the Korean War veteran, and his conservative political career began at the host of the talk show.
He was elected as a member of the House of Representatives in 2000 and in his term until 2013. He claimed that he was a "conservative with principles" and was consistent with the Tea Party Movement.
From 2013 to 2017, he served as Governor of Indiana. During his tenure, he passed the largest tax reduction bill in the state and signed a bill restricting abortion and protecting religious freedom.
63 -year -old Pence is a gospel Christian. In 2016, as Trump's campaign partner, he was considered to make effort to mobilize key voters.
He was calm and gentle, and was regarded as the spokesperson who exaggerated his president. But after he refused to help overthrow the results of the 2020 election, Trump accused him of lack of "courage".
The thugs who supported Trump attacked the US Congress Building in January 2021 and heard them shouting, "Turning Mike Pence!" It was reported that they were less than 40 feet (12 meters) less than the vice president.
Since then, the two have been keeping a distance, but Pence has been carefully avoiding the friendly voters of Trump.
Christie 
Image source, getty images
According to many sources, the former New Jersey Governor plans to announce the election at a city hall event held on June 6 in New Hampshire, where the first Republican primaries will be held.
After the failure of the president in 2016, Christie fidered with Trump, leading the transition team of the upcoming president at the time, and prepared for his debate with Biden in 2020.
But since the U.S. Congress riots, he has strongly criticized Trump.
In April of this year, the sharp words of Christie previewed the attack on Trump in the Trump in the city of New Hampshire. He said: "Donald Trump is a TV star, that's it. If he returns to the White House, things will change. It's bad. "
From 2010 to 2018, Christie served as governor of New Jersey. He was shadowed due to a political scandal involving a political scandal involving a bridge lane. This incident was alive to partly aimed at the political hatred of a Democratic mayor.
Before elected governor, Christie served as chief prosecutor of New Jersey in President George W Bush from 2002 to 2008.
Ron Desantis 
Image source, getty images
Ron Desantis, Governor of Florida, has been working hard to follow Trump. He is regarded as the most capable of defeating Trump's candidates in frontal competition.
With the support of Trump, he won the governor's position and easily re -elected in more than 1.5 million more votes in the mid -term elections. This is the largest difference in the state in the state election for more than 40 years. During his term, the number of Republican voters in the state for the first time 2024 U.S. presidential election: the number of Republican candidates rose, the election situation became hot and heated More than the Democratic Party.
The 44 -year -old De Santis served as a lawyer after graduating from Harvard and Yale University, but he is still a newcomer in American politics.
He served in the U.S. Navy and went to Iraq. From 2013 to 2018, he was also a little -known House of Representatives.
But since he served as the governor in 2019, De Santis has increased sharply, and he has positioned himself as a enthusiastic cultural warrior.
He supports legislation to cancel the funding of diversified and inclusive projects, prohibit gender identification at public schools, prohibit transformation performances and gender care for minors, and restrict abortion and relaxation of gun laws. He was also trapped in legal disputes with Disneyland World Park.
The governor touted his political achievements as the "blueprint" of conservative leaders, and supporters said that he did not have so many drama effects to replace the former president who seemed to be nominated again.
Trump seems to be very concerned about this and attacks him almost every day on social media.
Tim Scott 
Image source, getty imagesAt the age of 57, he was the only black man who worked in the two houses of Congress. He has been working on the Senate on behalf of South Carolina since 2013.
Mr. Scott is the grandson of cotton field workers and the son of a single mother. He often talked about how his family "walk from cotton to Congress."
When he was running for 2024, he vowed to reverse this "retreat country" and revive the "great culture" in the United States.
He was very popular among colleagues, and soon received support from two senators, including John Thune, a Republican Republican person in the Senate.
But he was not the only high -level South Carolina Republican Republican Party who participated in the campaign.
Nikki Haley 
Image source, EPA-EFE/Rex/Shutterstock
Nikki Haley announced in mid -February that the president was the first major Republican candidate to compete with Trump.
The 51 -year -old Heili was considered one of the most promising young candidates for the Republican Party, but has maintained a low -key in recent years.
Heili was born in the Punjaik immigrant family next to South Carolina, and became the youngest governor of the United States in 2009.
In 2015, she called for the withdrawal of the federal flag from the State Congress of South Carolina, causing national attention.
Although she said in 2016 that she was "not a fan of Trump", she later accepted Trump's nomination and became the United States Ambassador to the United Nations. During the term of office, at a meeting of the Palestinian Special Envoy at the UN Security Council, she suddenly left the controversy.
Her campaign includes a compulsory psychological test of politicians over the age of 75, and emphasizes that the "new generation" US leaders need to be needed.
Vivek Ramaswamy 
Image source, getty images
Vivek Ramaswamy, 37, was announced in an interview with the Fox News Channel at the end of February and announced to join the election as a dark horse.
As an Indian American biotechnology entrepreneur without political experience, he is a frequent visitor to Fox host Tuckercarlson daily program. The show was the highest -wired news program in the United States.
The graduate of the Harvard and Yale University believes that the United States is in the national identity crisis due to the decline of faith, patriotism and eliteism.
From 2014 to 2021, he operated a pharmaceutical company and then founded Strive AssetManagement with people. The company avoided the "split" environment, social and corporate governance (ESG) framework. And treat yourself as Berlaide(Blackrock)Waiting for alternatives of large companies.
Mr. Ramaswami is also the author of the book "Ins Awakening Enterprise: Woke, Inc .: Inside Corporate America's SocialJustice SCAM".
Asa Hutchinson 

图像来源， Getty Images
曾连任两届阿肯色州州长的阿萨·哈钦森(Asa Hutchinson)在4月份接受美国广播公司新闻采访时宣布竞选总统。宣布前几天前，特朗普在纽约被控刑事指控。
72岁的哈钦森称此案是“麻烦和干扰”，应该会促使特朗普退出竞选。
这位前律师和商人是罗纳德·里根政府时期美国最年轻的联邦检察官。
他还担任过两届美国众议院议员，包括在比尔·克林顿的弹劾审判中担任检察官，并担任小布什政府的缉毒局局长。
他自称是一位“非特朗普”的候选人，拥有丰富的经验和领导多个角色的记录，他发誓要向“常识、一贯的保守主义”靠拢。
拉里·埃尔德(Larry Elder) 
Image source, reuters
The conservative radio conversation program host promised the governor of California to abolish the disappointment of masks and vaccines in 2021, but did not succeed.
The 71 -year -old Elder is a lawyer who grew up in southern Los Angeles. He attacked the Democratic Party's "Awakening" agenda and systemic racism.
He announced his campaign plan on Twitter: "The United States is declining, but this decline is not inevitable." His plan seemed to be slim.
Glenn Youngkin 
Image source, getty images
Glenn Youngkin won the Governor of Virginia in 2021, shocking the Republican Party. As a political novice who has worked for 25 years at CarlyleGroup, a private equity fund company, he defeated people who have worked in the Democratic political community since the 1980s.
In a state, which has tended to the Democratic Party in recent years, Yang Jin criticized the party's politics "Tai Poison" and caminated with two parties' cooperation.
However, since the first day of taking office, the 55-year-old governor has been involved in hot topics, from revoking the state's restrictions on COVID-19 to prohibiting the critical racial theory of teaching at school.
After saying that he would not participate in the 2024 presidential campaign, Yang Jin reported that he was re -considering the campaign because the donor was interested in non -Trump candidates and increased.
Perry Johnson (Perry Johnson)He is selling a plan to regain the economy by cutting 2%of federal expenditures each year. 
Other potential candidates 
Chrissununu: The ally of the gentle Republicans said he was exploring the way of campaign. Su Nuu served as the governor of New Hampshire from 2011 to 2017, and was loved by voters.
Doug Burgum: The former software company executive is currently the governor of North Dakota, and has shot TV advertisements for possible presidential campaign.
Francis Suarez: The Mayor of Miami, born in Cuba, is the first American political person who pays the salary of cryptocurrencies. He is considering participating in the campaign and describing himself "to make this country better understand. people".
WillHurd: This former member of Texas Parliament, who retired from the US House of Representatives in 2021, said that the rematch between Trump and President Bayeng in 2021 was a "rematch from hell" from hell. Few Americans are willing to see.
Liz Cheney: Daughter of former Vice President Dick Chekney. She was a rising star of the Republican Party, but due to strong opposition to Trump, she lost the seat of the House of Representatives in 2021.
Greg Abbott: The Governor of Texas often involved in national debate about immigrants, abortion and gun rights.
Who will not run for election 
Larry Hogan: The former governor of Maryland, who is friendly to the Democratic Party, said that he did not want to be a person who helped Trump's election again. There are already many such people.
Ted Cruz: The Texas Senator ranked second in the 2016 Presidential Election, second only to Trump, but he said that he would run for re -election senators in 2024 Essence
Rick Scott: The Florida Senator is often opposite to President Bayeng, but he said that he will be re -elected as senators.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65774908 
德国总理顾问访华：北京宣传，柏林沉默 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-01T10:52:00Z
Description: German Chancellor Savz's diplomatic and security policy consultant Putener visited Beijing this week to meet with senior officials such as Wang Yi and Qin Gang, and the Chinese media reported high -profile reports. However, no news about his trip to China has not been seen in the German media and even the government's official release.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '德国', '中国', '留学德国', '中共十九大', '留学德国']
Keywords: ['德国', '中国', '德中关系', '肖尔茨', '外交政策顾问', '王毅', '秦刚', '新闻报道']
Id: 65791189
The interview of the German Chancellor Foreign Consultant has different significance for Beijing and Berlin.
(Voice of Germany) According to the official website of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Wang Yi, a member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the director of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, met with JenSplötner, German Prime Minister Foreign Affairs Consultant in Beijing. The press release quoted Wang Yi as a comprehensive strategic partner, China and Germany must not only stabilize the development of bilateral relations, but also contribute to jointly responding to global challenges.
Wang Yi emphasized that China will comprehensively promote Chinese -style modernization, adhere to high -quality development, open to the outside world, and share opportunities and win -win cooperation with countries. He said that in the face of the current instability of the international situation and increasing uncertain factors, China and Germany must work together to organize the seventh round of consultation between the Sino -German government and send positive signals to Europe and the world.
The press release stated that Pulutner said that he was full of expectations for the new round of Germany and Chinese government consultations, and will jointly step up various preparations. He also said that the foundation of Germany and China is stable, and the German side will continue to adhere to a Chinese policy and point out that the world's polarization is an inevitable trend. Together with the challenges of turbulent uncertainty.
The two sides also exchanged views on issues of common concern in Ukraine. Pulutner also held talks with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang in Beijing.

普吕特纳(左)经常出现在肖尔茨左右，但一般在“后排”
不是新闻？ 
德国总理外交顾问访华的消息，在中国是一条不大不小的外事新闻。新华社、《人民日报》等重要的中国官方媒体均以转发外交部通稿的形式，对此作了报道。
与此相对，普吕特纳的中国之行完全没有得到德国媒体的关注。至截稿时，有关信息没有出现在媒体的新闻报道中，德国政府及外交部的官方发布中也没有提到这次出访。针对德国之声的问询，德国总理府回复称“原则上不对工作层面的会谈进行表态”。
普吕特纳此行的主要任务是为预计本月在柏林举行的德中政府磋商作筹备。在德中关系趋于冷却的背景下，德国政府对这一2011年启动的磋商机制的期待评估相对低调。去年6月，普吕特纳同王毅的前任杨洁篪举行视频通话，德国官方亦未发布任何信息。
作为德国总理肖尔茨的外交和安全政策顾问，普吕特那尽管被德国媒体成为"肖尔茨最重要的顾问之一"，但这一职务在德国政坛是一个"幕后"角色，很少公开发表意见。普吕特纳经常随肖尔茨出访，包括去年11月闪电访问中国，但在新闻照片上，他一般只出现在肖尔茨的后排。
德国总理肖尔茨任内首度访华 
上一次普吕特纳成为德国媒体的报道对象，还是去年6月。在德国外交政策协会(DGAP)举办的一次研讨会上，他的发言被一些批评者认为对俄罗斯过于友好，因而引发了一些争议。在同一场活动上，普吕特纳也提到了中国，认为不应将中国和俄罗斯划为同类，但同时指出，应警惕中俄积极扮演全球南方代言人的角色，"他们并不是这样的代言人"。
(综合报道)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德国总理顾问访华：北京宣传，柏林沉默/a-65791189?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Guizhou Bijie: The reporter was tracked by the police when the teacher interviewed the teacher's drowning accident 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-01T10:53:12.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T10:53:12.000Z
Description: The official investigation team apologized to reporters and the media that police officers and auxiliary police officers involved in the police station were removed or dismissed.
Images: [" _129952779_ge... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['中國', '政治']
Type: Article
Guizhou Bijie: Reporter was tracked and beaten by the police when the teacher interviewed the teacher's drowning accident 
June 1, 2023![] Image source, getty images
Image adding text,
Guizhou Bijie
Recently, a reporter from China Jimu News was beaten by the police in an interview with Bijie, Guizhou, causing the mainland to worry about the situation of the media. 
After the incident, the three involved were punished by administrative detention and removal.
The Bijie Joint Investigation Team apologized to reporters and the media on June 1 and said, "The incident exposed outstanding problems such as a few public officials' consciousness of the rule of law, which seriously hurt the media friends and caused bad social impact."
["The severe reality that made me forced to leave in China"]](https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-56614133)* BBC reporter reported that the Chinese new crown "clear zero" was beaten and arrested by the police 
Reporter was beaten 
The incident originated on April 13 this year. Six teachers in the Budi Primary School in Malacca Town, Bijiewan County, Bijie, Guizhou, picked up pebble pebbles in the river beach. It was suspected that the upstream hydropower stations suddenly put water, which caused two teachers to be drowned.
According to the "Dahe Daily", on May 28, the family members of the victims said in an interview that the source of the tragedy was in the school. The school arranged the teacher to pick up the cobblestone to decorate the beautification environment for the superior leadership inspection.
The principal of the school involved in the statement was denied, and the main person in charge of the Malaysi Town of Weijin County also said that the school did not arrange teachers to pick up cobblestone, saying that the police's investigation conclusions showed that all of them were personal behavior of several teachers.
Different words have attracted the attention of the matter. At present, the local investigation team has been established.
On May 30, a reporter from Jimu News went to the incident to interview, a van stopped the road, and was then beaten by the three in the car. Jimu News is a media brand under the Hubei Daily Media Group.
The outpatient cases provided by the reporter showed that the initial diagnosis of his injury was the scalp hematoma (forehead), multiple injuries (left, upper lip, left forearm), superficial abrasion of the upper limb (left hand ring finger), (right), (right) Eye frustration.
Image source, weibo
Image adding text,
The reporter showed the broken glasses. "Police fighting reporters" has aroused widespread attention and discussion.
official response 
The incident was fermented on the Internet. Many people believe that the police officer obstructs reporters to interview the law and violate the law, and the nature is bad.
Hu Xijin, editor -in -chief of the Global Times, questioned on Weibo: "Why did the local police officers act organized and blocked and violently violently questioned reporters? The school resolutely denies that the school sent teachers to go to the river to pick up the cobbled campus, saying that the teacher went to the river to be a personal behavior. I don't want to rule out the possibility of the school's true possibility, but why is it so local to prevent interviews with reporters? What are they afraid of? Woolen cloth?"
But there are also voices that maybe reporters' behavior is improper first.
Weibo user "Yuanyue Pelicans" said: "Will reporters first provoke the local person to maintain order to obtain eyeball manufacturing news? Hu Xijin still likes to play black and white!"
The Bijie Joint Investigation Team issued a notice on Thursday that punishment was punished.
According to the report, on May 30, Jimu reporter Li Moumou found a vehicle to follow in Shaba Village, Cattime Town, Weijin County, and then used a mobile phone to shoot the vehicle with a mobile phone. Then got out of the car to find Xiong Mou and others who followed the vehicle. understand situation. Xiong Mou, the deputy director of the Mascies Police Station of the Public Security Bureau of the Zhijin County Public Security Bureau, Li Mou, a police auxiliary personnel at the Racecourse Police Station, and Tao, a police officer of the Mascut Police Station, got out of the car immediately. Li Moumou's face and other soft tissues were scrubbed, causing Li Moumou's mobile phones, glasses and other items to be damaged.
The report stated that the public relations organs decided to take administrative detention of Xiong and Tao for 20 days, and punished Li for 15 days of administrative detention.
In addition, the Weajin County Party Committee decided to avoid the position of deputy secretary of the party committee of Peng Moumou Town, who has the responsibility of leadership, nominated to avoid the position of the mayor of Malaysia Town; Director of the director; the party committee of the Malaysia Town decided to dismiss Li and Tao.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/chinese-news-65776879 
When will Ukraine join? There are still differences in NATO countries 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-01T13:14:00Z
Description: German Foreign Minister Berbak said: "NATO's open portal opening policy is as ever, but at the same time, the war is still in progress, and we obviously cannot discuss and accept new members."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['欧债危机', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '德国', '留学德国', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选', '德中关系', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰', '默克尔']
Keywords: ['乌克兰', '北约成员国', '分歧', '德国', '贝尔博克', '斯托尔滕贝格']
Id: 65794083
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg (left): "We are advancing forward.
(Voice of German in Chinese) NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg said on Thursday (June 1) that Moscow could not stop Ukraine from joining NATO. At the same time, before the Wilsus decisive summit that was about to be held in mid -July, there was differences between NATO member states about Ukraine joining.
"All NATO member states agree that Moscow does not oppose NATO's rejection." Stoltenberg told reporters. At this time, the foreign ministers of NATO member states gathered in Oslo, trying to eliminate any signs of discomfort before the summit. Stoltenberg said: "We are advancing forward, and NATO member states agree to Ukraine to join."
NATO agreed in Ukraine to eventually join the alliance in 2008, but leaders of various countries have not yet taken advancement measures, such as providing Kiev's Action Plan for Member State, which will formulate Ukraine's official joining the timetable for NATO.
NATO leaders intend to send strong support information to Kiev at the Vilnis Summit. However, only six weeks left from the summit. In order to reach a consensus on the specific plan provided by Ukraine, the pressure of NATO member states was increasing.
Although Kiev and its closest NATO member states in Eastern Europe called for specific measures to promote the franchise process of Ukraine, the United States and Germany and other Western countries have closer to the alliance that may be closer to the war with Russia are cautious Essence
Zelei: Ukraine is ready to join NATO 
Accept Ukraine as a member of the war, NATO will start war with Russia 
Lithuanian Foreign Minister Gabrieliuslandsbergis said Kiev suffered twice in 14 years waiting for NATO to answer. He said: "Now that we really sit down, how will Ukraine be close to NATO and when they become a member of NATO to find a very specific answer."
His appeal was responded to Estonian Foreign Minister Margustsahkna. Chachnes urged NATO member states to provide a clear way to enter NATO for Kiev, and provide a strong security guarantee for it after the war, so as not to leave any "gray zone" to make Russia organic. Chakner said: "Ukraine needs to join NATO to find a clear road and next action plan."
Stoltenberg also called for a security -guaranteed framework for Kiev to prevent Russia from taking military operations against the country again.
Other NATO member states such as Germany and Luxembourg emphasized the risk of NATO's urgency to make Kiev join.
German Foreign Minister Berbak said: "The open policy of the NATO's portal is the same as before, but at the same time, the war is still in progress, and we obviously cannot discuss and accept new members."
Luxembourg Foreign Minister Aseerbin warned that NATO's military mutual assistance clause means that if Ukraine is accepted as a member country during the war, NATO will start war with Russia.
Ukrainian President Zeleki spoke at a meeting of more than 40 European leaders held by Moldova at Moldova, reiterating Kiev is ready to join NATO Essence He said, "I think our future in the European Union is very important. Ukraine is ready to join NATO. We are waiting to see when NATO is willing to accept us as one of them."
(Reuters, etc.)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/乌克兰何时加盟？北约各国仍存在分歧/a-65794083?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
And Children's Day, the situation of children in China, the situation of children of the migrant population of children attract attention 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-01T16:02:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T09:31:08-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Two children in Beijing Park on the day of Children's Day 2023 Associated Press Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/shehui/wy-06012023141816.html/@@stream June 1 this year is the 73rd International Children's Day. China's non -governmental organization "New Citizen Plan" recently released the "2023 Chinese Migrant Popular Children's Status", revealing the living conditions of the current children of the migrant population in China. What kind of challenges are this huge minor group in different cities in China?
post -wave: Children lost on the starting line * "Left -behind Children" Family Status: There are less reunion problems 
According to the definition of the Convention on Children's Rights, children refer to the population under 18. If you don't look at the numbers, it seems difficult to imagine that the number of children of the migrant population in China has reached 138 million, accounting for nearly half of the total number of Chinese children (46%). In other words, one of the two Chinese children is a child of the flowing population.
The latest report of the "New Citizen Plan" "2023 The Status of Children of China Popular Population: Facts and Data" conducted a detailed study of this. The source of the data includes the 7th National Census of the National Bureau of Statistics, the "Chinese Population Census of 2020" and The description and analysis of the Chinese children's population in the past population surveys and survey data, as well as the "2020 Chinese Children's Popularity: Facts and Data" jointly released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the United Nations Children's Fund, and the United Nations Population Fund.
Together!Together? 
As a child, living with parents seems to be righteous. But for the children of China, it is often difficult to be with parents.
According to the report of the "New Citizen Plan", in 2020, 108 million children cannot live with both parents, of which 89.22 million are children affected by population flow. Many of them have become left -behind children, and they are far away from parents working outside. There are more than 6 million left -behind children in Henan Province alone.
At the same time, children who can migrate with their parents only account for half of the total number of children in the flow population (51.5%). In those cities with more restrictions on the residence of foreign populations, this relocation rate is even lower. In 2020, the migration rate of children in Beijing was only 22.5%, Shanghai was only 25%, and Guangzhou was 27.6%.
There are also children of some flowing population who return to the city after their parents enter the city. In 2021, 920,000 in China returned to their hometowns alone, most of them became left -behind children.
Children (Associated Press Information Map) in the school of a school of migrant workers (information map) [![] Different challenges 
For left -behind children, their challenge is that they cannot be with their parents and lack their parents' affection, guidance and help in the growth period. Children who moved in different places with their parents still face many challenges.
The "New Citizen Plan" in 2022 The "2022 Chinese Popular Population Children's Status" has focused on analyzing the situation of relocated children to study, showing that 80%of them can admit to public schools and 20%of private schools.
However, when these relocation children enter public schools in different places, they often encounter unfair treatment. Li Qiang, the founder of the non -profit organization "Labor Observation" in New York, said that if Chinese relocated children are entering local public schools, they generally pay a sponsorship fee that local residents do not have to bear. The husband and wife earn less than 100,000 yuan a year, and you need to work overtime, and then a child will sponsor one or 20,000. "
Li Qiang pointed out that China ’s discriminatory regulations on migrant children’ s discrimination are also reflected in the financial subsidies that only local residents can enjoy. Pay by fiscal, but not allowed foreign workers to enjoy. "
Lin Shengliang, currently in the Netherlands, is from Shenzhen. In this city where foreign migrant workers gather a lot, Lin Shengliang, who has a wide range of connections, is often begged to help the enrollment qualifications of foreign workers' children. "Many people around me are the case and they are painful. , I think they seem to be abducted, very painful. "
In Lin Shengliang's opinion, the conditions for their children to enter public schools for ordinary foreign workers are relatively harsh. "You have to pay social security, and there must be a lease (rental) contract to study in public schools. In schools, if you want to go to a private school, you have to charge it. The teachers of private schools are not good enough. "
Shenzhen has been implemented at least ten years ago to implement the "points enrollment" approach, and unified points for Shenzhen household registration and non -Shenzhen household registration children who meet the conditions of Shenzhen City. , Getting scoring rankings, high ranking priority enrollment. This approach seems to break through the barrier between the household registration and the non -household registration, but whether this approach is scientific and fair, there are still many questions from the outside world.
According to the 2013 report of the Chinese Official Media People's Daily, Chu Zhaohui, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Education and Science, believes that this integral system is a negative policy. Division of other categories of education targets during the compulsory education stage is the infringement of the right to educators' rights. In essence, it is also illegal.
但这里的公平似乎并没有取得普遍的认可，人们仍然可以经常在社媒上看到对于流动人口子女无法得到公平教育权利的抱怨。
Chinese non -governmental organization "New Citizen Program" recently released the Chinese migrant population scale diagram in the "2023 Chinese Migrant Population Children's Status" (screenshot of the new citizen plan) Work is also discriminated against 
Not only do you not get fair, but the minor children of these migrant workers will also be discriminated against.
Lin Shengliang said that in Shenzhen, half of the work does not have discrimination, but enterprises and institutions related to the government will have regional regulations, such as grid staff, school administrative logistics personnel, hydropower gas companies and other units. Children who will recruit Shenzhen local hukou.
Li Qiang observed that this phenomenon is nationwide, but the degree of locality is different. "For example, the security guards assist the preparation of civil servants' work. This kind of work generally recruit children of the population of local villages and towns. It is difficult to find this kind of job. "
Lin Shengliang said that no matter whether to go to school or employment, these practices for migrant workers have been failed to be fair. "Taxpayers are equal. They have made so many contributions as foreign migrant workers. Tax."
Reporter: Editor Wang Yun: He Ping.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/shehui/wy-06012023141816.html 
The June 4th Memorial Hall held the opening press conference Wang Dan: Reserve power for the future 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-01T18:50:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T11:33:48-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On June 1, the June 4th Memorial Hall held a press conference in New York. Reporter Tang Yuanyuan Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/renquanfazhi/tj-06012023154632.html/@stream The June 4th Memorial Museum, which was built by the leader of the Tiananmen Scholars in 1989, will open in Manhattan, New York on June 2. To this end, the preparatory team of the Memorial Hall held a press conference on Thursday. Several leaders of the June 4th Academic Games talked about the significance of establishing a memorial hall at the meeting and the outlook for the Chinese democratic movement.
Column: What does the June 4th Memorial Museum show the June 4th 34th Anniversary? * "June 4th" 34th Anniversary Memorial Hall condenses the spirit of the two generations of people's owners 
On Thursday, a number of leaders of the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen in 1989 held a press conference of the June 4th Memorial Hall in Manhattan, New York. Wang Dan, Zhou Fengsuo, and Lu Jinghua, the worker movement of the year, attended the meeting. Wang Dan said at the meeting that the June 4th Memorial Hall will be established in New York because the Hong Kong authorities closed the June 4th Memorial Hall in Hong Kong in 2021: "The intention of the Chinese authorities is obvious. They want to cover up history and let the world forget the Chinese authorities. Sin, they want everyone to forget the Communist Party that is based on violence and lies. "
Wang Dan pointed out that through the June 4th Memorial Hall, let the world remember the Tiananmen Democratic Movement of 1989 is a very important thing: "1989 is the most important turning point in modern Chinese history. Compared Two completely different countries ... ... June 4th is still a very sensitive topic in China. It represents political reaction. We must maintain this opposition and reserve motivation for the future. For China; not only for the past, but also for the future. "
Zhou Feng Suo: Many of the commemorative hall exhibits come from June 4th participants 
Zhou Fengsuo also talked that the memorial hall symbolized the 1989 democratic movement and the "white paper movement" young generation's desire for democratic China: "We have hope, no matter how we are defeated, no matter what kind of difficulties we have to go through, Democratic China has always existed. We will unite together, just like at Tiananmen Square 34 years ago, people all over the world see our dream of free China. "
Zhou Fenguo pointed out that many of the cultural relics in the memorial hall are donations from participants from the June 4th Movement: "For a long time, I have been assisting political prisoners detained because of June 4th. Formed an information contact network, this is why these exhibits will come to me. These participants hope that these exhibits can be displayed and preserved, and they also hope that their identities can be protected. "
The June 4th Memorial Hall is longer than the sea to introduce the cultural relics of the museum to this station (reported by the reporter Tang Yuanyuan) Many young volunteers Wang Dan at the scene: Everyone has a free Chinese dream 
At the venue of the memorial hall, many young people participated in preparations, and there were many Chinese students who were still intending to return to China. In response to what kind of encouragement these young people are, they are willing to take the risk of being settled by the Chinese authorities to help the memorial hall for help. Wang Dan explained: "The two generations share the same values. China can become democratic. Many young volunteers come from the "White Paper Movement" generation, but we share the same dreams. This is why they participate in the activities of the memorial. "
Twitter is full of the fake account of the June 4th Memorial Hall Wang Dan: Facing the online army is already ready 
On the eve of the June 4th Memorial Hall, a large number of false accounts of the June 4th Memorial Hall appeared on the community platform, and tried to deceive supporters to donate. Wang Dan was interviewed by this reporter. They said that they were prepared for the Chinese Internet forces' attacks and threats and were not particularly worried.
Wang Dan said: "It is harassed by the Internet forces and may encounter some trouble in the future. This is expected. Such a memorial hall will obviously be nails and meats in the eyes of the CCP and the CCP's embassies and consulates. This is completely possible. Understand, but we are also preparing for corresponding preparations. Frankly, if someone comes to make trouble, I dare to guarantee that he will be discovered by the FBI (US Federal Investigation Agency). We have some preparations with relevant units. I also understand. "
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Responsible: He Ping.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/tj-06012023154632.html 
Viking Gelafson: an Icelandic pianist is looking forward to his Chinese adventure (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Cheung']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-01T22:40:05+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T18:00:99+08:00
Description: Zhang Lushi: Olaferson, who is densely performed, said that his first world tour started from China. After the stagnation and discount of the epidemic, his re -visiting China plan was finally on the agenda.
Images: []
Themes: ['专栏', '人物', '关注']
Keywords: ['人物', '音乐']
Type: Article
Icelandic pianist VíKingurólafsson will return to China next year, and Barbach's "Gothenburg Variations" will be on stage in Shanghai and Hong Kong. Recently, I met the pianist to meet in London. He told me that I waited for a long time to wait for China to wait for a long time, and now it is about to happen. He is very happy.
Today's Olaferson has grown into a hot performer on the international stage, and the performance schedule is dense. He mentioned that few people noticed that his first world tour started from China: "In October 2008, my father took me to tour together, and we arrived in Beijing, Shanghai, Hefei ... remember that the Iceland economy at that time was the economy of the Iceland economy at that time. Bankruptcy, I performed in China, I saw Chinese reporters on TV every day in Iceland, and reported my hometown of news with my expression seriously. "
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099831 
A brave art exhibition: ancient Chinese calligraphy and painting affects Western surrealist artists? (Free version) 
Authors: ['薛莉']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-01T22:42:05+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T18:00:99+08:00
Description: Xue Li: The new exhibition of Shanghai West Bank Art Museum rarely handles ancient Chinese painting and painting with Western surrealist painting, exploring the former's influence on the latter, making people open their brains.
Images: []
Themes: ['专栏', '艺术', '关注']
Keywords: ['艺术', '展览']
Type: Article
The detailed artists and works of the artists and works presented in the exhibition, as well as the description of art historical maps, are even more intimate and painstaking in the curatorial team.
The West Coast Art Museum has been expanding genes since its birth. In 2019, the West Coast Art Museum and the George Puffal Dudu National Arts and Culture Center reached the highest level cultural cooperation project of China and France, becoming the first art gallery institution in China to carry out international cooperation. In November 2019, when the West Coast Art Museum was officially opened to the public, French President Macron personally unveiled the "West Coast Art Museum and the Pongpi Dudu Center's Five -Year Exhibition Cooperation Project".
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099830 
Urban takeaway and urban life (Free Version) 
Authors: ['范庭略']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-01T22:43:57+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T18:00:99+08:00
Description: Fan Tingluo: Capital finds business opportunities, and diners get the convenience of not leaving home. We enjoy more convenient takeaway services than Tokyo, New York, London, and all of them rely on young people who drive flying electric vehicles.
Images: [" 000183038_pic... "]
Themes: ['城市', '关注']
Keywords: ['城市', '美食', '生活']
Type: Article
 It is said that the earliest takeaway of human beings was discovered in the ruins of the ancient city of Pompeii. Archaeologists found duck bone fragments in jars in the ruins of the ancient city. They continued to analyze the things in the jar through modern technology. They found cooked pork, suspected sheep, fish and snails, and crushed broad beans. According to the explanation of the ancient Roman recipe book in the first century, crushed broad beans can be used to clarify the color and flavor of wine.
Later, the scholars discovered that this jar belonged to a bar, so they could learn more about the lifestyle of the people in the ancient city of Pompeii. Because ancient Roman law stipulates that these warm foods should not be provided, such as cooked pork. But this humble bar in the ancient city of Pompeii was definitely not the only bar secret to sell cooked food in the Roman Empire. Scholars speculated that this must be the cunning bar owner thinks that Pompeii is far away. The distant ancient Roman management authorities are unlikely to close his business because of this incident or give him a fine. Therefore, scholars believe that the unhappy citizens in the ancient city of Pompeii can eat cheap and delicious miscellaneous fish snail soup through illegal takeaway business.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099813 
"FREE Version can tell the story of the world and the individual" 
Authors: ['崔莹']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-01T22:45:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T18:00:99+08:00
Description: Cui Ying: "Time Shelter" is the first work to write in Bulgarian. After being translated into English, he won the International Booker Award. Some critics said that when reading this work, it is impossible to think of the campaign slogan of Brexit and Trump "make the United States great again."
Images: []
Themes: ['文学', '关注']
Keywords: ['文学', '布克文学奖', '写作者']
Type: Article
On May 23, the Buck International Literature Award in 2023 was announced in London. The winners were Bulgarian writer Georgigospodinov. His award -winning work was the novel "Time Shelter". The English version of this work was translated by Angela Rodel. The two received a bonus of 25,000 pounds.
Gospotinov was born in 1968 and is one of Bulgaria's most famous writers. He was a poet before creating a novel, and his first novel "Natural Novel" was published in 1999. Gospotinov's work is full of sharp irony and depression and humor, and the style of the works of writers such as Milan Kundera, Andre Kurkov, and he is known as "Prove from the East". Gospotinov often inspires his creation from the social and politics of Bulgaria and the outside world. For example, his novel "Sad Physics" presents the stereotypes of Eastern Europeans in the Western world.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099812 
Euro area inflation has fallen to the lowest level since the Ukrainian war. 
Authors: ['马丁•阿诺德']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-01T23:51:50+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T19:50:99+08:00
Description: The consumption price in the euro zone rose 6.1%year -on -year, and the increase was less than 7%in April, but the governor of the European Central Bank issued a signal indicating that it was necessary to further raise interest rates to tame the stubborn price pressure.
Images: [" 000171824_pic... "]
Themes: ['欧洲经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['欧洲经济', '通胀', '欧盟', '欧洲央行']
Type: Article
 The decline in inflation in the euro area exceeds the expectations of economists, the lowest level since Russia invaded Ukraine more than a year ago, but the European Central Bank(ECB)The president issued a signal indicating that it is necessary to further raise interest rates to tame the stubborn price pressure.
EU Statistical Bureau(Eurostat)According to data released on Thursday, the consumer prices consisting of 20 European countries increased by 6.1%year -on -year, and the increase was less than 7%in April. This is the lowest level since February 2022, and is lower than Reuters(Reuters)6.3%predicted by the investigation economists.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099833 
Why does modern car become so "cool"? (Free version) 
Author: Sean McLain
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T-1:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T05:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T01:17:00.000Z
Description: Korean car companies, which are mainly economically brands, have become innovators in the field of electric vehicles. The new head does not want to imitate the opponent, but instead walks in front of the opponent. "Once you make a decision, the execution speed is very fast."
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000890177
Type: Article
Modern Motor(Hyundai Motor)A executive of a executive sent a weird car photo to the company's chief designer -this car has been under the production line for the last time it is more than 70 years ago -the company is thinking about how to fight Tesla(Tesla)。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%8E%B0%E4%BB%A3%E6%B1%BD%E8%BD%A6%E4%BD%95%E4%BB%A5%E5%8F%98%E5%BE%97%E8%BF%99%E4%B9%88-%E9%85%B7-4edf430d 
Illegal film and television websites caught 2022 views 215 billion times 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T-13:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T08:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Cannes 1st) Anti -pirated agency said that although it has been fighting illegal movies and TV programs, data shows that illegal websites are booming, and last year's browsing volume reached 215 billion times.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The data company headquarters in the UK claims to have the most comprehensive pirated website related information. According to data, this number grew 18%from 2021 to 2022, covering 480,000 films and TV programs.
"Muso CEO Andy Chatterley) said," It's easy to get illegal content as usual. "
The entertainment industry did not give up the crackdown on piracy, but admitted that the past efforts were counterproductive. For the personal sacrifice fines that only downloaded a few movies, the industry looks like a collective lingering; if the court ordered the blockade website, it often closed this site and another station came out, but it was wasting time.
Today, the industry will focus on the "big fish", and describes the statement of Stanmccoy, chairman of the American Film Association, is described that those "earn millions of dollars by pirated websites, and then buy them. Super running ".
In 2017, the American Film Association established the "Alliance for Creativity andNENTERTAINMENMER" to coordinate anti -pirated operations with other industry groups, responsible for tracking large pirated operators and notifying the police.
In 2023, the Creative and Entertainment Alliance assisted operators in Spain, Brazil, Germany, Vietnam, Egypt, Tunisia, and each industry has millions of users a month.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%BC%A4%E7%BA%B7%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C/20230602-%E9%9D%9E%E6%B3%95%E5%BD%B1%E8%A7%86%E7%BD%91%E7%AB%99%E6%8A%93%E4%B8%8D%E8%83%9C%E6%8A%93-2022%E6%B5%8F%E8%A7%882150%E4%BA%BF%E6%AC%A1 
Looking forward to improving the international discourse power BRICS five countries to welcome new members to join 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T-20:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T06:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Cape Town, 1st) BRICS (Brigs), which tried to get greater speech on the international stage, said in a talks held in South Africa in South Africa today that they welcomed new members to join.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Foreign and Foreign Foreign Diplomats of Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa held a two -day meeting in Cape Town, calling on the global order of "re -balance", but the meeting could not get rid of the shadow of the Russian and Ukraine War.
Indian Foreign Minister Subrahmanyamjaishankar said in his opening speech: "Our party must convey a strong message at this party: this is a polar world that is re -balanced. You must take the corresponding action. "
Russia's invasion of Ukraine at the end of February last year led to the Moscow authorities in an isolated state on the international stage, prompting Russia to seek a closer relationship with China and other countries.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the "more than ten" countries, including Saudi Arabia, have expressed interest in joining, and the BRICS five countries are formulating relevant measures.
Lavrov said that the issue had discussed with people Faisal Bin Farhan Al-SAUD in Saudin, Cape Town, Cape Town.
The attitude of Ma Zhaoxu, the deputy minister of China, has a relatively gentle attitude, saying that China welcomes potential applicants who want to join the BRICS five countries. He said at a press conference: "We look forward to more countries to join this big family."
The BRICS Five Health Summit will be held in August. As Russian President Vladimir Putin may attend, it may be a problem for the host country South Africa.
Puting became the goal of arresting the arrest because Russia was charged with illegal exile in Ukraine children.
South Africa has close diplomatic relations with Russia, but South Africa is one of the members of the International Criminal Court. If Pu Ting really arrives in the local area, it is expected to be arrested.
South African Foreign Minister Naledi Pandor reiterated today that Panting was invited to participate in the summit like all other leaders, and the South African government was thinking about what "legal options".
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E7%9B%BC%E6%8F%90%E9%AB%98%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E8%AF%9D%E8%AF%AD%E6%9D%83-%E9%87%91%E7%A0%96%E4%BA%94%E5%9B%BD%E6%AC%A2%E8%BF%8E%E6%96%B0%E6%88%90%E5%91%98%E5%8A%A0%E5%85%A5 
The Heat lost to the Golden Block Championship and only punished two goals for innovation low 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T-22:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T06:20:04+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Denver, 1st) The US professional basket NBA Miami Heat has staged the "Old Eighth Legend" all the way to the championship this year, but 93 to 104 in the first game lost to Denver's gold block, and only won two free throws. Record.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In the first game of the US -professional Basketball Champions League in the 7th game, the Western Championship Denver Gold Bag today faced the East Champion Miami Heat at home. Today, the whole game was only HaywoodHighSmith, scored two goals on the free throw line, setting the minimum number of free throws of the playoffs and championships in one fell swoop.
The record of the minimum free throw of the championship championship was five times of the Los Angeles Lakers in 1983; the playoffs won the minimum free throw record in 1993 the New Jersey Nets 3 times.
After the game started, the gold block was fixed to the disadvantage of the hot body. Get the 20-6 advantage in the penalty area and score 6 of 8 of Aaron Gordon, and scored 12 points in 6 of 8 of 8, and the first section of the gold block led 29 to 20.
In the second quarter, after Jamal Murray scored a three -pointer, the gold block led a two -digit number. After that, Merry's three -pointer and Nikolajokic shot, the gold block pulled the lead to 17 points. In the first half, led by Jokic's 10 points and 10 assists, the Golden Block team scored in double digits with 4 people and led 59 to 42.
In the first half of the hot shooting rate, the hit rate was only 375, and the three -pointer was 4 of 17 shots. The hit rate was as low as 235, which was the key to the great backward after the half.
After the war, the Heat played a 7-0 start, but the gold block relied on Morri to "3 points" to stop bleeding. After jumping in Brucebrown, it would expand to 21 points first. The 3rd section of the gold block of the team has a two -digit score of the entire team, and Jokic is only one rebound and entered the last section with a leading advantage of 84 to 63.
After the last quarter, Kyle Lowry scored a three -pointer, and the Heat played 11-0 at a time. After Hysmis scored a three -pointer, he reduced the backward to 9 points. But the gold block stabilized the foot, and then opened it to the two-digit score in Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, and finally won 11 points.
This campaign is about 27 points, 10 rebounds, and 14 assists in this campaign. It is his 9th three yuan in his playoffs this year. Mori scored 26 points and sent 10 assists. 14 points and 12 rebounds, Gao Deng and substitute Brown injected 16 points and 10 points, respectively.
The Heat Bam Adebayo performed 26 points and 13 rebounds today, and Gabe Vincent and the bench scored 19 points and 18 points.
The two armed forces will continue to play in the Golden Bag at home on the morning of the 5th.
Golden blocks played very easily this year. First, they eliminated the Mingnesot Da wolf 4 to 1, then defeated the sun of the Phoenix 4-0, and then swept the Los Angeles Lakers 4-0. Essence
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230602-%E7%83%AD%E7%81%AB%E9%A6%96%E6%88%98%E4%B8%8D%E6%95%8C%E9%87%91%E5%9D%97-%E6%80%BB%E5%86%A0%E5%86%9B%E8%B5%9B%E5%8F%AA%E7%BD%9A%E4%B8%A4%E7%90%83%E5%88%9B%E6%96%B0%E4%BD%8E 
Western Pressoring to solve Kosovo's nervousness Germany and France to re -election locally 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T-24:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T06:05:04+00:00
Description: (French Bank of France -Presse Kosovarian, 1st) The Serbian people gathered again in the town of northern Kosovo in the recent conflict hotspot. The local Cevillery conflicts with the NATO peacekeeping forces earlier this week. Kosovo and Serbia face the increase in international pressure on both sides to cool down.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that French President Makhong, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, Kosovo President VJOSA Osmani and Serbian President Aleksandarvucic in Moldova (EUROPEAN POLITICAL Commun it) The summit was held on the sidelines, hoping to stop the local situation worsening.
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken also urged Kosovo and Serbia to be dedicated to ease tension and warn them to endanger the vision of European integration.
Markhong and Xiao Zi said they had urged the Kosovo authorities to be allowed to re -elected in four controversial northern cities and towns.
Ottomini said that if the Serbian authorities no longer encourage the northern Cosbloids to resist the election, they can indeed re -election in 4 cities and towns in accordance with Kosovo law.
Today, there are dozens of protesters in Zwaqian Town to rally outside the city hall, but the number has been significantly reduced compared to the previous days. They were blocked outside the city hall by the wire mesh, surrounded by the NATO peacekeeping for all riot equipment.
Kosovo was once Serbia Autonomous Province. The Albanian in the country had a deal of oppression of Serbia more than 20 years ago. It was announced in 2008. The northern Kosovo was dominated by Serbia. Belgrade is the capital of Belgrade.
Last month, the Synthica in northern Kosovo refused to participate in the local election. As a result, Albanian candidates were elected heads of autonomous town in four autonomous towns mainly in the Cypriot. At that time, the vote rate was only 3.5%. (Translator: Ji Jinling)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E8%A5%BF%E6%96%B9%E6%96%BD%E5%8E%8B%E7%9B%BC%E8%A7%A3%E7%A7%91%E7%B4%A2%E6%B2%83%E7%B4%A7%E5%BC%A0-%E5%BE%B7%E6%B3%95%E5%90%81%E5%BD%93%E5%9C%B0%E9%87%8D%E6%96%B0%E9%80%89%E4%B8%BE 
Search for the missing 7 -person Mexican police ravine accidentally discovered 45 bags of corpses 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T-26:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T06:20:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Mexico City, 1st) Mexican local authorities said today that when the police reported 7 young people who had missing missing last week, the police found that at least 45 packaging had humans in a ravine in Jalisco, Western Harrisco. Bags of remains.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The state prosecutor's office stated that: "45 packages have been dug out of bags with human remains, there are men and women."
The authorities originally searched on May 20th that they were notified of the disappeared 5 men and 2 women. They were all about 30 years old. Later, on the 30th, the city of Sabopan, Guadalajara, a large industrial center, was in the outskirts of GUADALAJARA. These corpses were found at the bottom of a 40 -meter deep ravine.
The five people were notified to miss at different dates, but investigators found that they all worked at the same telephone service center, and the service center and the remains found that the location was located in the same area.
Forensic experts have not found the number of victims and their identities.
Preliminary investigations show that this telephone service center may involve illegal activities. Local media reports that the authorities have discovered cannabis, a cloth, and obvious blood stains, and documents that may involve commercial transactions.
In recent years, in different areas of Harrisco, it is sometimes found to be equipped with human remains or corpses or chaos.
According to local media, in the first two months of this year, 5 chaotic posts were found in the Gwadarahara area, and 33 remains were buried.
"Jalisco New Generation" is a huge criminal group in Mexico, which is in Harrisco and involved in disputes with other drug trafficking groups.
According to official data, since Mexico launched controversial military anti -drug sweep in December 2006, it has notified more than 340,000 murder cases and about 100,000 disappearance cases, most of which are attributed to criminal organizations. (Translator: Ji Jinling)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E6%90%9C%E5%AF%BB%E5%A4%B1%E8%B8%AA7%E4%BA%BA-%E5%A2%A8%E8%A5%BF%E5%93%A5%E8%AD%A6%E6%96%B9%E5%B1%B1%E6%B2%9F%E6%84%8F%E5%A4%96%E5%8F%91%E7%8E%B045%E8%A2%8B%E5%B0%B8%E5%9D%97 
United Nations: Myanmar smuggle methamphetamine and changed the production of the sea to increase the production. 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T-4:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T09:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Bangkok 2nd) The United Nations (UN) said today that drug dealers in Asia used to use sea roads to smuggle from Myanmar, which is commonly known as "methamphetamine", and increased Kisa's life to expand business. Yield.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In the annual report, the United Nations Drugs and Crime Office (UNODC) pointed out that in order to avoid the increasingly strict investigation of China and Thailand, the Myanmar Drug Production Center and the ShanState in the northeast are switching to smuggling methamphetamine.
The border between Myanmar, Laos, and Thailand has been illegal drugs for a long time, especially Methamphetamine, commonly known as "methamphetamine", and the breeding ground of opium production and transportation.
Due to the increased patrol patrol patrol patrol patrol patrolly in the Yunnan Province of southwestern China and the border between Thailand and Myanmar, drug smuggling changed to the sea, and the number of methamphetamine seized by Chinese and Thai authorities in 2022 decreased.
The report pointed out that a large number of methamphetamine made by Halli was sent to Bangladesh and India.
Healthy experts said that using this kind of drugs will make people become extreme, have hallucinations, and violent behaviors, and symptoms of mental illness may occur during abstinence.
Police in East and Southeast Asia seized nearly 151 metric tons of methamphetamine in 2022, less than 172 metric tons recorded in 2021. The wholesale price of the entire region in 2022 and the price of selling on the street have declined, or they maintain a flat disk.
The United Nations report mentioned: "The most powerful local smuggling network can still operate, and they are confident that they cannot be stopped."
Researchers pointed out that there is evidence that drug dealers are trying to diversify the product. The authorities seized 27.4 metric tons Ketamine in 2022, an increase of 167%over 2021.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E8%81%94%E5%90%88%E5%9B%BD-%E7%BC%85%E7%94%B8%E8%B5%B0%E7%A7%81%E5%86%B0%E6%AF%92%E6%94%B9%E8%B5%B0%E6%B5%B7%E8%B7%AF-%E5%A2%9E%E4%BA%A7k%E4%BB%96%E5%91%BD%E6%8B%93%E5%B1%95%E7%94%9F%E6%84%8F 
Boeing interstellar aircraft for the first time, the first manned by manned fly again 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T-8:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T09:20:07+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 1st) The head of Boeing, an American Aviation Giant Boeing, said today that the first manned flight task of the "Starlineer" spacecraft was postponed again because of new technical problems.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The troublesome Boeing CST-100 Star Aircraft flight plans have been extended several times. In the end, it was originally scheduled to test flying on July 21 to the International Spacestation.
However, the Boeing engineers found some new problems during the test, including defects of the parachute system, and the wiring tape widely used in the spacecraft was flammable in some cases.
After the internal discussion, Boeing decided to abandon the test flight and notify the new issue to the National Airlines and Space Agency (NASA). Boeing is a contract NASA contract, providing international space stations transportation services.
Mark Nappi, vice president and plan manager of Boeing, said at a press conference: "We decided to suspend the preparation of manned flight mission to correct these issues." Boeing did not propose a new test flight date.
Boeing originally hoped that the CST-100 was for the first time last year to achieve manned flight mission, but in the end, it only made the spacecraft successfully arrived at the International Space Station for the first time in May last year.
Shortly after the end of its Space Shuttle project, NASA will create a contract to create a contract to the international space station transportation to Boeing and ElonMusk in 2014. The value is fixed, respectively, $ 4.2 billion (about NT $ 128.9 billion) and US $ 2.6 billion (about NT $ 79.8 billion).
During the empty window, the United States could only rely on Russia's SOYUZ Rockets to the International Space Station.
After the "Dragon" spacecraft created by SpaceX for this, SpaceX has begun to provide NASA's "taxi" service to NASA to transport astronauts to the International Space Station. NASA now hopes that Boeing's interstellar aircraft is certified as the second service tool.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E6%96%B0%E7%9F%A5/20230602-%E6%B3%A2%E9%9F%B3%E6%98%9F%E9%99%85%E9%A3%9E%E6%9C%BA%E4%B8%80%E6%B3%A2%E4%B8%89%E6%8A%98-%E9%A6%96%E6%AC%A1%E8%BD%BD%E4%BA%BA%E9%A3%9E%E8%A1%8C%E5%86%8D%E5%BA%A6%E5%BB%B6%E5%90%8E 
The concept of "digital indigenous people" is meaningless 
Authors: ['斯蒂芬•布什']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T00:04:33+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T20:00:99+08:00
Description: Stephen Bush: There was a time when there was such a moment. This moment has passed.
Images: []
Themes: ['观点', '数字经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['数字经济', '创新经济', '物联网']
Type: Article
We call it "Abel Simpson(Abe Simpson)"Law". When the cartoon "Simpson Family"(TheSimpsons)Homer's son Homer(Homer)When he said "you don't understand this", he replied: "I used to understand, but then they changed the 'this'. Now I understand is not 'this', the 'this' is weird and weird and weird, and the 'this' is weird and weird and strange to me. Terrible. "Then he warned his son:" You will experience it too. "
Grandpa Abel is right. When the word "digital aboriginal" was created, I used to be one of them. I am a generation who grew up in the information age. I remember the computer’s computer for a long time ago -a white, bulky thing, you can play cards(Solitaire)Lines(Minesweeper)With some MS-DOS games, there is a short time it seems like an invader in our family-but I actually don't remember what happened before our family had a computer.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099834 
How bad is the Chinese economy? China's stock market is now entering the bear market (Free Version) 
Author: Weilun Soon
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T00:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T00:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-01T00:12:00.000Z
Description: A wave of quotes that appeared earlier this year were due to the economic rebound of investors betting on dynamic clearance. But this wave has not continued. The stagnation of China's economic recovery is one of the reasons for the cooling down of the stock market.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股市']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000934478
Type: Article
The Chinese stock market returned to the bear market.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E6%9C%89%E5%A4%9A%E7%B3%9F%E7%B3%95-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E8%82%A1%E5%B8%82%E7%8E%B0%E5%B7%B2%E8%BF%9B%E5%85%A5%E7%86%8A%E5%B8%82-3a0e4c49 
BIS: You must strengthen supervision to prevent more banks from closing (free version) 
Authors: ['劳拉•努南']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T00:53:13+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T20:51:99+08:00
Description: International Clearance Bank President Castenis believes that financial regulatory agencies must "significantly" increase budgets in order to ensure that banks can better operate and ensure that their directors and executives perform their duties.
Images: [" 000177085_pic... "]
Themes: ['金融和市场监管', '关注']
Keywords: ['金融和市场监管', '银行业', '瑞士信贷']
Type: Article
 Global central bank umbrella -shaped institution -International Lleel Bank(BIS)The person in charge said that after the recent banking crisis, financial regulators must "significantly" increase their budgets. He believes that strengthening daily supervision is essential for preventing more banks from closing up.
Global policy makers are weighing changes to change the rules to better protect banks from changing interest rates and accelerated deposits to escape-these two factors have promoted the largest bank failure since the global financial crisis in 2007-08-such risks such as Impact. The most noticeable closure case includes the Silicon Valley Bank(Silicon Valley Bank)In early March, it was by the federal deposit insurance company(FDIC)Close, and Credit(Swiss credit)After being forced to sell to domestic competitors, UBS(UBS)。
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099835 
LEX column: Baili Yingbo's stock price will eventually rebound (Free Version) 
Authors: ['Lex专栏']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T00:58:46+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T20:55:99+08:00
Description: The storm caused by this beer brewer to ask for advertising across gender has seriously affected the sales of Budweiser's beer, but fundamental factors means that investors should not sell the stock now.
Images: [" 000183157_pic... "]
Themes: ['FT商学院', '关注']
Keywords: ['食品与饮料', '啤酒与烈酒', '饮食', '高端专享', 'FT商学院']
Type: Article
 Summer is the peak season for beer in the United States. Frozen beer traditionally accompanied by warm weather and barbecue. From May to August, the four -month beer sales accounted for 35%to 40%of the total sales of the year.
There is no beer brewing to make a glass of celebration now. American Conservative Party Baili(Bveloleures)Belgium behind Belgium Corporation Belle British Bo(Anheuser-Busch InBev)Angry. They opposed the company in advertising marketing activities to invite a transgender net red endorsement Budweiser Beer(Bud Light)。
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099836 
Beijing encourages to deepen the cooperation with Chinese enterprises (Free Version) 
Authors: ['瑞安•麦克莫罗']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T02:09:46+00:00
Published Time: 2023-05-31T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T08:01:99+08:00
Description: Under the tremendous pressure of export restrictions in the United States, the matter reflects the key role of chip design companies in the semiconductor industry.
Images: [" 000183087_pic... "]
Themes: ['半导体', '关注']
Keywords: ['半导体', '芯片', '安谋', '软银', '出口管制', '技术封锁', '脱钩']
Type: Article
 Beijing encourages British chip design companies to settle down(Arm)Work closely with Chinese companies. Under the tremendous pressure of export restrictions in the United States, this reflects this software silver(SoftBank)The key role of all enterprises in the semiconductor industry.
On Tuesday, Zhang Guangjun, Deputy Minister of Science and Technology of China, met with Chief Executive Officer Leine Has in Beijing(Pure haas), Encourage to deepen cooperation with Chinese universities, research institutes and enterprises.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099832 
" June 4th & quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T02:13:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T11:36:02-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 More than a dozen members of the Guizhou Human Rights Symposium were traveled to RFA Information Pictures Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibao/renquanfazhi/GT -GT -GT -GT -GT -html/@@stream On the eve of the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th", China has implemented strict control measures for prohibiting civil assembly. Qi Zhiyong, a disabled person in Beijing, and the disabled people of the June 4th, were taken to the job; Gao Yu, an independent media person, was taken to Henan to travel; the believers in Chengdu Qiuyu Church were "stabilized" by public security; individual members of the Guizhou Human Rights Symposium were monitored. Some people describe that the degree of stability during the "June 4th" period this year is comparable to the 20th security guards of the Communist Party of China.
On the eve of June 4th, Xu Zhiyong called for fasting to mourn "June 4th" * [How do I know the June 4th] Come on the Come on the September 
The 34th anniversary of the 64th is approaching. Disclazes, human rights organizations or well -known rights protection people in Beijing, Hunan, Sichuan, Sichuan, Anhui, Hubei, and Guizhou have been put on or forced to travel by the police. According to a person familiar with the matter, this Friday (June 2) told this station that Gao Yu, a Beijing independent media person, was taken by the public security to Luoyang, Henan to travel: "Sister Gao was traveled, in Henan."
Beijing Independent Media Gao Yu (provided by Guting)
A person who received a public security warning in Guizhou a few days ago and did not accept interviews told this station: "Chen Xi, Li Renke, Liao Shuangyuan, Huang Yanming, and Zhang Jialong of the Guizhou Human Rights Seminar were warned, and they were brought to the farmhouse and resorts of Guiyang suburbs. . National Security, like previous years, can return to Guiyang's house until the June 4th anniversary. "
The person also said that two days ago, at least ten people such as Cha Jianguo, He Dapu, Jiang Qisheng, and the 64th disabled Qi Zhiyong were attended by the job.
The monsoon in the hometown of Guizhou confirmed to this station that he was not allowed to be interviewed by the media during the tour: "All media interviews me, and now I was rejected. Because I said hello to me, I did not let me interview. I said I can send it. Photos, not even the photos. Jiang Qisheng has no news and the phone cannot be turned on. This is like the 20th period, and you must not send photos. "
Objury person Ji Feng (provided by Gu Ting) Hefei police come to the door to bring the participants of Eighty -nine Shen Liangqing Travel 
Another participant in the 89th Student Games, Shen Liangqing, an objender of Hefei, Anhui, told the station that the local public security had notified him during the 64th anniversary, and he had to be monitored: "A few days ago, the National Security Division of the Public Security Bureau of Hefei City and the Baoshi Branch The National Security Brigade asked me to talk about it, saying that I was going to take me out for travel, and I would go out to travel tomorrow. They would definitely ask the topic of June 4th in the past few days. Another, I must be under house arrest during the tour. "
Anxious person Shen Liangqing (provided by Gu Ting) [Many disagreements from Zhuzhou, Hunan, told the station that the authorities were strictly controlled during the 20th meeting of the Communist Party of China. One of the Mr. Chen said that the police just arrived in his house on Friday morning: "He (National Security) just came to my house and only walked for ten minutes. Because of the matter of June 4, it was said that he would come to guard me and implement control. It lasts until June 6, and I can't help this. We still detained a person Chen Siming not long ago because he was tweeted (June 4th Picture). Five times. "
** The 64th anniversary of the Chengdu Police "dinner" with active people
In Chengdu, Sichuan, Mr. Song, a local disagreement, told this station that Sichuan environmental writer Tan Zuoren has been taken away by the police. Many active people of the Church of Chengdu Qiuyu Church have also been "helped" by the public security. "Dinner". He said: "Some of the more active members of the Church of the Qiuyu Church received greeting (National Security) on two days, and I also received a call. On June 4th, I was going to have a meal by (National Security). June 4th will be taken out of travel. "
In addition to being monitored by disagreements, rights protection people are also included in the control scope of the authorities. Mr. Zhou, a person in Wuhan, said to this station: "Although those of us are not hung up with the June 4th, the June 4 disagree people should be traveled. Our rights defenders are also regarded as part of the so -called stability maintenance by national security."
On the 64th anniversary of each year, the Chinese police control disagreements. Some public opinion believes that this is because the authorities are worried that these people will hold commemorative activities or make relevant remarks, and these activities and remarks are considered challenges and criticisms to the authorities. In addition, the Chinese government has always tried to cover up and distort the truth of the June 4th and prohibit citizens from expressing their views on the incident freely. Therefore, during this sensitive period, the police will strengthen control to maintain political order.
Reporter: Ancient Pavilion Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gt-06022023021308.html 
Russia announced the details of the details of the invasion of Belgrod and Ukraine have received strong support in fighter jets 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-02T02:42:11
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T02:42:11
Description: On Thursday, both Russia and Ukraine attacked each other and caused casualties. At the same time, Moscow warned Western countries not to provide F-16 fighters to Kiev, while President Ukraine warned his country's danger to join NATO.
Images: [" 1-1685672958.jpg ", " 1-1685673050.png ", " 1-1685673094.png ", " 1-1685673145.png ", " 1-1685673180.png "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 A series of explosions shook the capital Kiev, and the air defense forces responded
On Thursday, both Russia and Ukraine attacked each other and caused casualties. At the same time, Moscow warned Western countries not to provide F-16 fighters to Kiev, while President Ukraine warned his country's danger to join NATO.
According to the local government of Kiev, Russia launched a missile attack on the Ukraine capital, causing three people to die and at least 14 injuries.
The Kiev Military Authority also announced that due to the drop in missile fragments, a fire occurred in the city of the city.
The Ukrainian Air Force said that in Russia's attack, its defense system shot down 10 Iskander ballistic missiles, and the Ukraine authorities have announced that the country's capital and northern regions have entered an air alert state.
At the same time, Governor Ukraine Hermone reported that Russia's bombing against southern provinces caused a civilian to die and five other people were injured.
The governor added that in the past few hours, the Russian army bombed most of the province.
This week, the Russian army used missiles and drones to conduct a series of violent strikes against Kiev, and Ukraine announced that it had completed the preparations for the major counterattack recovery territory.
On the other hand, the attack on the Russian territory accelerated. The day before yesterday, on Tuesday, Ukraine launched an unprecedented air attack on Moscow and conducted large -scale armed invasion of the province of Russia, which borders Ukraine last week.
 After the Bombing of Ukraine, a fire occurred in a building in Hipperto, Rhodac, Belgor, Russia (Reuters)
Attacking Bergrod 
Russian media reported today that 11 people were injured due to Ukraine bombing Bergo Rhoder, and 4 of them were seriously injured. At the same time, the Governor of Russia announced the start of air defense systems in the region.
The Russian website reported that the Russian air defense system intercepted an artillery shell at the center of Belgor, while other Russian media confirmed that intercepting missiles caused the city center to explode.
The Russian army announced today that it has mobilized the Russian Air Force and artillery to retreat from Ukraine's offense in the Belland. In recent days, the explosion has forced many residents to escape.
Russian Ministry of Defense spokesman Igor Konacopov(Igor Konashenkov)He said that the Russian army frustrated in the Belglo region three attempts of the Ukrainian formation organization, which described it as a terrorist.
Konarkov added that these formations, including up to two infantry companies -have been strengthened by tanks.
Subsequently, the Russian Ministry of Defense stated that about 70 militants, 5 tanks, 4 armored vehicles, and 7 pickups participated in today's attack on Belgrod.
On the other hand, the Kremlin has condemned the international community to remain silent for the Belgore's attack.
The Kremlin spokesman Dimitri Peskov said, "The international community has the opportunity to watch videos and read the description of the materials that launch attacks on residential buildings and social infrastructure.
 Medvedev (left) visited the Russian army training camp (Reuters), located in Volgagler (Reuters)
Medvedev called for a response 
On the other hand, the vice chairman of the Russian Security Council, Dmitry Modewev, said that the bombing and attacks in Russia are just "terrorism."
Medvedev called for overthrowing the Ukraine regime, which described it as a continuous threat to Russia. He also said that Ukraine and the United States and Europe behind it chose to fight against Russia. Moscow had a severe response to the "terrorist attack".
Moscow believes that Western countries -although they have not explicitly announced their support to launch an attack in Russia -they are encouraging Kiev to perform such attacks by providing advanced weapons to Kiev.
In this context, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Thursday that Danish and the Netherlands leaders aimed at strengthening the military capabilities of Ukraine Airlines.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that Denmark and the Netherlands are likely to transfer the F-16 fighter to Ukraine and train Ukrainian pilots.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs also said that Washington and its NATO allies continue to provide the latest types of weapons to the Kiev regime.
 Zelei (right) urged Western countries to quickly incorporate his country into NATO (Reuters)
Two meetings of the Western National camp 
On the other hand, Ukraine President Zeleziski warned during the second summit of the European Political Group held in Moldova that Ukraine failed to join NATO's threat to the security of the European continent.
The European media quoted Zellennki, saying, "Each of our doubts is that Russia will try to occupy the trenches."
Zelei Sky emphasized that European countries that borders Russia and do not want Moscow to take over their territories are members of NATO and the European Union.
Ukrainian President Zelei said that his country needs security because it is not a member of NATO and calls on the upcoming Alliance Summit to give a commitment to the qualifications of Ukraine member states.
President Ukraine said at the Moldova Summit, which borders Ukraine, and said that his country felt the strong support of the allies in obtaining fighters during the summit.
At the same time, Zerrenki said that Ukraine needs more Patriot missile systems to resist Russia's attacks and call on Europe to establish a defensive shield covering the entire continent.
 Foreign Minister of NATO countries in Oslo, the capital of Norway (Reuters)
NATO member 
Earlier on Thursday, Germany crushed Ukraine's hope of quickly joining NATO.
German Foreign Minister of Foreign Minister Anna Lena Bell Berbak said it is not the right time to discuss Ukraine to join NATO.
Anna Lena Berbak made the above remarks during the NATO Informal Meeting of NATO in Oslo, Norwegian capital. This informal meeting aims to prepare for the NATO summit in Lithuania in July in July.
Bell Berk said to Germany's position that NATO cannot include a country in war.
Russia has repeatedly warned that if Ukraine is accepted to join NATO, the conflict may be upgraded to the world war.
US Secretary of State Anthony Brincken reiterated that the United States continued to support Ukraine and support Ukraine to join NATO.
Similarly, NATO Secretary -General Yanz Stoltenberg said at a joint press conference with Brinken that all allies agreed that the door of the alliance was open to new members and emphasized that Ukraine joined NATO's matters to reach a consensus.
As for the US President Biden, he emphasized in his speech at the graduation ceremony of the American Air Force College that the United States continued to support and defend Ukraine and world democracy.Biden said his country mobilized more than 50 countries so that Ukraine can protect himself, his dignity and sovereignty.
US President Biden believes that the world is witnessing the increasing challenges of Russia's brutal aggression on Ukraine.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/2023/6/2/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%85%ac%e5%b8%83%e4%bc%81%e5%9b%be%e5%85%a5%e4%be%b5%e5%88%ab%e5%b0%94%e5%93%a5%e7%bd%97%e5%be%b7%e7%bb%86%e8%8a%82%e4%b8%8e%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e5%9c%a8%e6%88%98 
After the US sanctions and the army stopped participating in Gada negotiations: Where will the conflict of Sudan go? 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-02T02:46:10
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T02:46:10
Description: Analysts and experts believe that after the Sudan military announced the suspension of participation in the Gada negotiations, the United States imposed sanctions and restrictions on the Sudan conflict, so as to issue a warning that it would no longer remain silent to the conflict, and it would no longer tolerate it. Any violation of any party.
Images: [" image-13-1685... "]
Topics: ['军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['军事', '政治', '新闻', '美国', '苏丹']
Type: Article
 Sudan explosion conflict(news agency)Analysts and experts who were interviewed by the Peninsula TV program believed that after the Sudan military announced the suspension of participating in the Gada negotiations, the United States imposed sanctions and restrictions on both sides of the Sudan conflict, which issued a warning, that is, it will not remain silent to the conflict. It will no longer tolerate the violations of any party.
But at the same time, they also agreed that these sanctions did not have a direct impact on the current conflict of Sudan, nor would it prompt the conflict to return to the negotiating table or comply with the ceasefire requirements. The expected results are worried.
After the Sudan military decided to suspend the participation in Gada negotiations, Sudan's ceasefire negotiations were facing the risk of rupture. Under such circumstances, the United States implemented visa restrictions on the country -including officials from the Sudan military and fast support forces. In addition, sanctions were imposed on companies related to these officials and accused them of promoting Sudan conflict.
The guest researcher of the Humanitarian Action and Conflict Research Center Abdul-Fatheh Mohammed said that these sanctions issued warning information to both parties in the conflict, that is, the United States will no longer remain silent on the conflict It will not force the two parties to return to the negotiating table.
The researcher also said in an interview with a reporter from the Peninsula TV station that this warning measure is not enough. Only through sanctions can not force the conflict between the two parties to yield or listen to international demands. Go forward to improve the current situation.
The consideration of the decisive victory 
According to the Abdul Fatak Mohammed, the Sudan military has suspended the participation of the Gada negotiations, maybe because it feels that the decisive battle is approaching. Therefore, on the one hand, it wants to continue confrontation, and on the other hand Unveil the opponent offending the crime of violations on the spot to unveil his moral guise.
He also believes that the Sudan military may have the ability to achieve military decisions, but it will pay a high price in terms of civilian casualties. He also believes that the worst situation is the public war in Sudan now -all efforts are all efforts. It has been suspended with the truce, and this consequences will be extremely miserable for the Sudan people.
Brook Hailu, a professor of political science and international relations at the University of Asia Beta, also agreed with the point of view of Abdul Fatheh Mohammed, and believed that these sanctions were not only warning information issued by the United States to Sudan, and required them to ask for them. The two parties should not continue to violate the suspension agreement, and still emphasize to the two parties that if they do not return to the negotiating table, they will continue to implement these sanctions.
In an interview with the Peninsula TV program, Brook Hairo pointed out that the impact of these sanctions may not directly appear. In fact, both parties to the conflict have a lot of cash and gold, but these savings will be exhausted over time. The United States may continue to implement a series of economic sanctions and eventually weaken the power of the conflict.
political warning 
This influence is not limited to the economic and military level. Hailu believes that this sanction also represents a political warning issued by those international forces that supports any conflict, and implies that these sanctions may be expanded to them later.
Hailu emphasized that it is necessary to double hard to put pressure on the Sudan conflicts to stop fighting, implement the ceasefire agreement, return to negotiate, reduce the upgrading of the situation, provide the way to protect civilians, and provide a smooth path for humanitarian assistance.
On the other hand, Sudan political and military affairs analysts Osama Edarus said that the decision on economic sanctions is very strange. Until now, there are only signboards.
He pointed out in the show on Peninsula TV that the US government hopes that these sanctions are not only a warning to the conflict, but it shows the image of hope to do practical things. In fact End the conflict and stop the suffering of the Sudan people.
He also believes that Sudan is developing towards one of the following two situations: the first is that the military will achieve military decisions in the next period of time, and the second is that all parties will conduct actions in the real ceasefire, including establishing a clear mechanism for the establishment of a clear mechanism. , So that the rapid support forces have abandoned important facilities controlled by it, and civilian houses that have become a safe barracks outside Khamoum.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/6/2/%e5%9c%a8%e7%be%8e%e5%9b%bd%e5%88%b6%e8%a3%81%e4%b8%8e%e5%86%9b%e9%98%9f%e5%81%9c%e6%ad%a2%e5%8f%82%e4%b8%8e%e5%90%89%e8%be%be%e8%b0%88%e5%88%a4%e4%b9%8b%e5%90%8e%e8%8b%8f%e4%b8%b9%e7%9a%84 
When a "spy party" encountered a storm: a conspiracy theory behind a shipwreck tragedy 
Creator: ELISABETTA POVOLEDO,RONEN BERGMAN
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-02T02:52:41+08:00
Description: Local reports said that 21 of the 23 people on the ship were spies or front spies, of which 13 were from Israel and eight from Italy. The shipwreck killed a total of four people. The official said that these people were celebrating their birthdays, but failed to calm people's conspiracy theories. Mattia Ozbot/Getty Images Monday, Italian Malaysia Jiao Lei Lake launched a cashmere operation. Officials said that the person who rented the ship had to start a life party.
Images: [" 01italy-spies... ", " 01italy-spies... "]
Category: 国际
Type: Article
 Wuyun suddenly appeared, quietly shrouded in the carnival who enjoyed the sun by the lake in northern Italy, interrupted the evening appetizers and lakes. The weather warning issued earlier that day did not foresee the sudden storm on the lake. The violent wind caused a ship to sink, and four of the 23 passengers on the boat died.
Judging from news reports, the incident occurred on Maga Lei Lake on Sunday is an abnormal tragedy, which usually only attracts short -term attention.
However, in the following days, Italian media reported that 21 people on board were spies or pre -spy, of which 13 were from Israeli external intelligence agencies, Mosad, and eight from Italy. The official explanation said that they were celebrating their birthdays, but this did not calm down what these people were doing.
A explanation issued by the Italian intelligence department shows that two of the deceased belong to the Italian intelligence department. Israel said that there is another victim of the victims who have retired. The fourth place was a Russian woman, and her husband was the captain of the ship.
The Italians want to know that so many spies took a rental ship named "Good ... Uria" (the word "Happy" game game in Italian "on Sunday afternoon, what are you doing? This party was quickly called "spy party" by several media.
Some media speculate that the Alpine trip may be an opportunity to exchange information. Some people pointed out that the captain would speak fluent Bulgarian and marry Russians Anna Bogeov. Is this coincidental? Whether these spies are like the Milan Daily "Evening Post"(Corriere della Sera)What said on Thursday, was the wealthy Russian businessman who was investing in this area?
Prosecutor Maximo Defeli, who is responsible for investigating the incident, and Karlo Nobelino, his boss and chief prosecutor, said that these problems are not within their scope of investigation. Their investigation purpose is to determine the overthrow and The reason for sinking.
The 60 -year -old Captain Carlo Caminati was suspected of losing killing, causing a shipwreck accident and was responsible for the injury of surviving passengers and was under investigation. "We are not interested in what passengers are doing," Nortryo said in an interview in his office in his office in Bursto Asgio, Lunbaidi Province. Part of the lake in the ship is located in the area.
Nochearino said he had asked the captain of the salvage team to inform him immediately after returning to the water, so that he and Defelib could take the lead in boarding the ship.
As of Wednesday afternoon, the ship had been dragged to the shore, but it was still underwater. The attempts that had been floating on the water with a balloon a few times before were unsuccessful.
"I don't want someone to suspect that we have not worked hard to investigate the greatest efforts." He said that the things on the ship and the boat will be confiscated and handed over to the judicial organs.
The prosecutor said he knew the media's guess, that is, if the document or a briefcase was found, the government might stop investigation. "If the briefcase is found, we will confiscate it," Nonchelin said calmly.
What is even more curious is that the surviving passengers seem to be quietly taken away from the lake within a few hours after the accident. According to two Israeli national defense officials, Mossad sent an aircraft to take the Israeli survivor back to China and tried to prevent the details of the incident from publish in Israel. (It was not until Wednesday that the Israeli media reported that the Israelites who were killed worked in Mosht.)
 On Monday, a rescue team worked in Ma Jiao Lei Lake. The authorities issued the weather alert, but did not predict such a strong and sudden storm. Mattia ozbot/getty images
A statement issued by the Italian Intelligence Department stated that the 62 -year -old Claudio Alon and the 53 -year -old Tiziana Balnobii was an Italian intelligence staff. Essence A spokesman for the Italian agency said there was nothing to supplement.
The Israeli intelligence department has not officially announced the real name of the former Moshard agent. His funeral was held on Wednesday in Ashikarin, Israel.
Mosad issued a statement on Wednesday stating that "We can't introduce him in detail because of the institution of the organization. Mosad has lost a dear friend, a professional professionals. For decades, he has dedicated his life to his life for decades. The safety of the country of Israel, even after retirement. "
According to a former senior defense official, the killed former Mosad agent was affiliated to a department responsible for secretly liaison with foreign intelligence agencies. Due to the sensitive relationship between spy agencies, the official demanded no name.
The former official also said that although the agent had retired from Mosad, he continued to serve as a reserve personnel of the organization and as part of the cooperative relationship between Israel and the Italian spy organization, and arrived in Italy with colleagues.
He also said that Mossad and Italian intelligence agencies cooperated on issues that were caring together, such as the war on terrorism, or collecting information about the Iranian nuclear project.
On Sunday evening, the survivor did not carry identity documents when the accident was stated to the Italian gendarmerie. Prosecutors said they said the documents were lost when they turned over.
Prosecutors also confirmed that the Italians told investigators that they were employees of the chairman of the Ministerial Meeting. This was a comprehensive government department, and the Israelites said they were members of a government delegation.
Regardless of how many doubts around the case, one thing is certain, that is, the violent outsiders of the storm of Mal Jiao Lei Lake on Sunday evening.
The civil defense agency in Lunbaidi issued a yellow alarm, saying that there may be thunderstorms that night. A meteorologist Paul Valisa of a local meteorological institution said that although all the announcements warned that the situation in the region would deteriorate, "it is unlikely that the phenomenon of that night." "You can predict thunderstorms, but so far, we can't predict its strength, at least in such a local area."
He said that the wind speed indicator of the nearby lake surface shows that the gusts are between 42 and 60 kilometers per hour, but the wind speed may be higher in the place where the ship is sinking. The strong winds of cold air decrease and spread.
On Sunday evening, Samuel Paneti and several friends also rowed on the lake. They were the first batch of survivors of the Survivor of "Good ... Uria".
"The weather is very good all day," he said, but when the storm strikes, the rain is heavy, just like sailing in the clouds, "he recalled." The rain is very large, there are hail The boat blows from left to right. "
At first he thought that there was a group of seagulls in the center of the lake. After approaching, he found that it was a person on the ship.
He and his friends helped some people board their boats, and threw the "anything that can float" on the boat into the water to catch others. Some survivors managed to swim on the shore.
The two women were found to be trapped in a ship sinking to about 15 meters deep. The third place was found at the bottom of the lake, and another victim was discovered on the water.
"It's terrible to see the people in the water, just like the scene in the movie. I still can't believe it is true," he said. "If we don't pass, I think they may die," he said."They found that they appeared at the wrong place at the wrong time," he said.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/world/20230602/spy-deaths-boat-italy/ 
Russia controls the US iPhone monitoring diplomat apple denied 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T02:56:00Z
Description: The Russian Federal Security Agency said that they discovered that the US government had invaded thousands of iPhone phones in Russia, including mobile phones from other countries in Russia. Netan Company Kabasky said that dozens of employees have been destroyed during the operation, but the company did not directly blame the United States.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '美国', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '卡巴斯基', '间谍', '美国']
Id: 65800294
The Russian government has accused the United States of invading thousands of iPhone mobile phones in the country, the picture shows the iPhone schematic diagram
(Voice of German in Chinese) The Russian Federal Security Agency (FSB) said on Thursday (June 1) that it discovered an American spy activity that destroyed thousands of iPhone using complex monitoring software. Kasperskylab, a headquarters of Internet security company, said dozens of employees in the company were destroyed in the operation.
According to Reuters, the Russian Federal Security Agency said in a statement that it discovered US Secrets Department Use Apple's mobile communication equipment for intelligence operations.
The Russian Federal Security Agency is the main continuation agency of the National Security Commission of the Soviet era. In a statement, thousands of Apple companies in Russia have been infected in a statement, including Russian domestic users, and stationed in Russia or Russia or Russia or Russia or Former Soviet foreign diplomats.
The Russian Federal Security Bureau accused the operation of "close cooperation" between Apple and the National Security Agency (NSA). The US National Security Agency is an institution for the main responsibility password, communication intelligence and security. However, the Russian Federal Security Agency did not provide any evidence that Apple has cooperated with this spy activity, or has any understanding of this spy activity.
Apple denied the allegations in a statement. The company said: "We have never cooperated with any government to insert back door software in any apple product, and we will never do so."
The National Security Agency refused to comment on this.

Reuters reports that Eugenekaspersky, CEO of Kaspersky Labs, said on Twitter that dozens of employees' mobile phones were invaded in this operation. The company describes this as "an extremely complicated, professional, targeted network attack", with the goal of the company's middle and high -level managers.
Cascasky's researcher Igor Kuznetsov told Reuters that his company discovered abnormal traffic on its company's Wi-Fi network at the beginning of this year. He said that Kaspersky Lab did not notify the results of the investigation to the Russian government's computer emergency team until this Thursday earlier this Thursday.
Kuznetsov said that the Russian government has accused Americans responsible for this hacker behavior and thousands of people have also become the goal. He cannot comment. "It is difficult to blame anyone," he said.
According to the Washington Post, Kaspersky said that all affected devices were updated to iOS 15.7, and iOS15.7 was replaced in September 2022; among these devices, there is no one of these devices. There is no among these devices. Any part of the "lock mode", this mode can reduce the iPhone's attacking pipeline by limiting the function of IMESSAGE.
Kabasky Lab said they believe that the device is infected from an iMessage attachment, similar to the "" PEGASUS "of the Israeli spy software supplier NSO Group.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/用以色列窃听软件-监控反对派及新闻记者/a-58315027)The carrier used.
A spokesman for the Kabasky Labs told the Washington Post that the company's researchers were still analyzing the event and did not have enough technical evidence to attribute it to anyone.
The Kabasky Lab said in an online article that the earliest traces of infection can be traced back to 2019, and as of June 2023, the attack is still ongoing. The company added that although its staff was attacked, "we are very confident that Kaspersky Labs is not the main goal of this network attack."

俄羅斯網安公司卡巴斯基實驗室的創辦人卡巴斯基(資料照)
其他國家也被影響 
俄羅斯官員長期以來一直質疑美國技術的安全性。西方間諜在俄羅斯已經建立了一個非常複雜的國內監視結構。
俄羅斯外交部在一份聲明中說，「幾十年來，美國情報部門一直在利用IT公司，在互聯網用戶不知情的情況下收集大量互聯網用戶數據」。克里姆林宮發言人補充說，俄羅斯政府認為iPhone這類設備「完全被看光光」。
路透社報導，俄羅斯聯邦安全局表示，美國黑客在間諜活動中，還入侵了來自以色列、敘利亞、中國和北約成員國在俄羅斯的外交官。以色列官員拒絕對此置評。中國、敘利亞和北約代表未能立即回覆路透社的置評。
《華盛頓郵報》報導，高端的政府間諜活動，常會利用一個未公開的資安漏洞，即所謂的「零日漏洞」(zero-day)，該漏洞甚至可以對付最新的軟件。而外交官和私人安全專家的設備， 也一直是國際間諜活動的目標 Essence
Liu Pengyu, a spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in China, said that if this is true, it will become another example of the "Internet theft" of the US government, which affects the country's included China. He said that the United States should face up to the matter and respond to doubts about the international community.
(Reuters, "Washington Post")
The picture shows the Apple Store (Data Photo) opened by New Delhi, India (information)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/俄控美用iphone監控外交官-蘋果否認/a-65800294?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Keynes: How to influence reality and how the economy affects politics 
Authors: ['徐瑾']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T02:56:13+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T18:00:99+08:00
Description: Xu Jin: There are always one or two iconic characters in each discipline. Kanes is such a character. 140 years have passed, why is Kanes and Keynes different different? How can Kanes's thoughts be born and spread?
Images: [" 000120890_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['中国经济', '徐瑾经济人', '凯恩斯', '经济学']
Type: Article
 In June 2023, it was the 140th anniversary of the birthday of an economist Kanes -so many years, why do you still read him, or even arguing? Perhaps because of Keynes' life, it reveals how the economy affects politics, or how ideas affect reality. As one of his biographies said, "Thoughts will not float quickly with the wind soon. Keynes' thoughts will keep staying. "
Kanes was born in Cambridge, England in 1883. When he was a child, he was Eaton Middle School and grew up. It can be said that reading all the way is a noble fan. I was also sealed by the nobles, and the circle of friends was not simple. Including philosopher Russe Vittantein, novelist Woolf, poet Eliot and other elites.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099822 
Be wary 
Authors: ['约翰•桑希尔']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T03:03:51+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T23:01:99+08:00
Description: Sanghill: Just like drivers blindly listening to the GPS navigation system may make life. If we are not careful, future researchers may study "GPT leads to death syndrome."
Images: [" 000170898_pic... "]
Themes: ['FT商学院', '关注']
Keywords: ['人工智能', '创新经济', 'ChatGPT', '高端专享', 'FT商学院']
Type: Article
 Next week, a senior lawyer of New York, who has been working for 30 years, will face disciplinary hearing for a new light crime: contain artificial intelligence in a legal abstract document(AI)False content that compiled.
LEVIDOW, Levidow & Oberman's Steven Schwartz(Steven Schwartz)Earlier, a 10 -page file was submitted to the New York Court as a target for Columbia Airlines(Avianca)的人身伤害索赔案的一部分。问题在于，就像法官在仔细阅读后发现的那样，提交的材料包含完全虚构的司法判决和引文，是由生成式人工智能(generativeAI)Model ChatGPT "Blindly compiled under hallucinations."
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099837 
Musk visited Huacheng China Focus and once met Ding Xuexiang 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T03:09:00Z
Description: Tesla's chief executive Musk ended Hyun Wind's visit to China on June 1. According to foreign media, he met with Ding Xuexiang, Vice Premier of the State Council of China on Wednesday, but Chinese officials have not confirmed the news.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['奥巴马', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '美国', '德中关系']
Id: 65789014
American entrepreneur Musk's visit to China set off a dazzling wind. The picture shows the Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang met Musk in Beijing on May 30
(Voice of Germany Chinese) Reuters quoted people familiar with the matter and said that Elonmusk, the chief executive of Tesla, visited China a few days ago, met with Ding Xuexiang, executive deputy prime minister of the State Council on Wednesday (May 31) This may be the first time that the outside world is known to meet the person in charge of foreign businessmen since taking office, but the Chinese official has not yet confirmed the news.
Ding Xuexiang is the vice premier of the State Council of China and the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, ranking sixth in the committee.
Reuters pointed out that the Chinese government has always attached great importance to the relationship with Tesla. For example, when Musk visited China in 2019, he also had one -on -one talks with Li Keqiang, then Chinese Prime Minister.
On behalf of the Chinese government's inquiry, the State Council of the State Council, and Tesla did not immediately respond to Reuters' comment requests.
Musk's private plane arrived at Beijing Capital International Airport on May 30
According to a statement from the Shanghai Municipal Government on Thursday, Musk also met with Chen Jining, secretary of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee, and Chen Jining welcomed Tesla to increase investment and business in Shanghai.
On Thursday, Xuanfeng visited China Xingxing 
Musk ended the Ironman Chinese visit with a full schedule on Thursday (June 1). Except for meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang Musk also met with the Minister of Commerce of China Wang Wentao and the Minister of Industry and Information Technology, Jin Zhuanglong, and was received by the high specifications of China throughout the process. Become the focus of the media Essence
According to the news released by Chinese official media, Musk said on Tuesday (May 30) when he met with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang that he was opposed to decomposing with China.
The next day, Musk and Wang Wentao met; according to Xinhua News Agency, Wang Wentao said that the deep integration of the Sino -US economy, and the two sides should strengthen economic and trade dialogue and cooperation under the guidance of mutual respect, peaceful coexistence, and win -win cooperation. Vitality and potential are full of confidence in the Chinese market and are willing to continue to deepen mutual benefit cooperation.
Musk also met with Jin Zhuanglong on the 31st.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/电池的副作用宁德时代在德投资受审视/a-65549438)Chairman Zeng Yuqun has dinner.
Tesla did not respond to Reuters' comment requests, and Musk himself did not disclose specific conversation content to the media. Therefore, the outside world knows very little about the details of his talks with Chinese officials.
Reuters pointed out that Musk's trip to China this week has attracted much attention from Chinese netizens; people call him "pioneer", "Ma Ge" and "global idols" in social media. Some users commented: "Musk is really great. If China can have people like Musk."
Previously, Tim Cook, President of Apple, visited China in March. JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and Starbucks ’s executive president Laxmannarasimhan also visited China this week; Compared with American entrepreneurs, Musk's visit to China has attracted more attention.
However, although the Chinese media became the focus, Musk seemed to have changed the usual high -profile style on Twitter. Before the interruption of this article, he did not publish any content related to China on his Twitter.
Visit the Tesla Factory in China 
In addition to meeting Chinese officials, Musk also visited Tesla's electric vehicle factory in Shanghai on Wednesday evening; Reuters pointed out that he was welcomed by hundreds of employees locally.
"A very meaningful day!" Grace Ta, head of Tesla's public affairs in China, said in a Weibo article with photos.
Musk's trip was the first time since visiting the Tesla Shanghai plant in early 2020. Tesla built a super factory in Shanghai in 2019 and is the company's highest productivity automobile manufacturer. On April 9 this year, Tesla announced in Twitter that it will open an energy storage plant in Shanghai This will be Tesla's second factory in Shanghai.
In response to the prospects of Tesla's future in China, Chen Hongxin, an associate professor at the East China Normal University Enterprise Management Department, pointed out to DW that Tesla's production scale in the United States and Germany is smaller than in China. ; Tesla's goal of driving in China this year has reached 1 million, and the price of Tesla made by China is lower than the price made by the United States.
However, Tesla is currently facing many problems, including the weak demand in the Chinese market, and competition with Chinese auto manufacturers has continued to intensify.
Chen Hongxin believes that the overall automobile market in China is currently going downhill, but new energy vehicle sales performance is still good Essence As China's sixth -generation national environmental protection standards will be on the road on July 1, as environmental protection standards increase, the sales of China's gasoline vehicle market will be seriously impacted. Therefore, the outside world is still relatively optimistic about the electric vehicle market.
Tesla's super factory in Shanghai (data photo)
Scholar: Release China Welcome Foreign Capital Signals 
Chen Hongxin told DW that Musk's visit to China was mainly because the Chinese government strongly invited at this time to represent its signal on behalf of it, hoping to clarify the recent China's poor economy 。「中國政府做的每件事情都有它的意義，」他說。
中國廣西大學梧州學院台籍特聘教授王立本告訴DW，最近這4年外資不斷從中國外移，「很多指標性的大廠都撤退了」，這固然是新冠疫情的緣故，但是跟2018年之後的中美貿易戰也有很大的關係。
王立本解讀，馬斯克這次的訪問，等於是在向外界宣告，這些狀況有可能會結束，「他來到中國，如果能夠有指標性的加碼投資，那麼對於未來再度吸引外資很有幫助」。
"The result of decourse is to force China to do it by itself (this industry), and even in case of better and better, China can still go abroad to buy." Chen Hongxin believes that for such a large economy in China, the United States’s Sanctions "Not necessarily the right method."
The picture shows Tesla electric vehicles exhibited at the Hong Kong International Automobile Expo in 2021 (data photo)
European and American business community still has doubts about China 
Compared to Musk and some people in Europe and the United States who are actively returning to the Chinese market, many foreign and politicians still have doubts about China's future development.
The United States CNN reports that some high -level supervisors of some foreign companies have found that China is now a more complex business environment, which is characterized by crackdown on international consulting companies , Geopolical tensions And uncertain investment prospects.
Such uncertainty has caused some companies to invest more funds in China. A survey of the British Chamber of Commerce last month showed that 70%of companies said that they took a "watch" attitude towards a long -term investment in China.
Nick Marro, the head of the British "Economist" think tank (EIU), said that the business confidence was "relatively vulnerable" because China recently ended a strict epidemic prevention policy.
"Recently, the blow to information providers has exacerbated this uncertainty," Ma Zhiang told CNN. "The company is increasingly uncertain where the government's red line is, and what measures they need to take to avoid violating regulatory agencies."
Bloomberg reported that Michael Hart, president of the American Chamber of Commerce in China last month, said that American business people are afraid of becoming the next goal of Beijing Essence "Regardless of the government's intention, this is the information received (we)," he said.
Alfred Wu, an associate professor of the School of Public Policy of the National University of Singapore, said, "the Chinese government is trying to find a balance between safety and development, but this will be difficult to achieve."
World Economic Engine Make no longer foreign companies want to evacuate the Chinese market? 
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/馬斯克訪華成中國焦點-傳曾經會晤丁薛祥/a-65789014?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The US employment market is strong, which pose a threat to the stock market's rise (Free Version) 
Author: Eric Wallerstein
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T03:10:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T03:10:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T01:37:00.000Z
Description: Investors will pay close attention to the employment report on Friday in order to find a sign of cracking in the labor market.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000935541
Type: Article
Investors will pay close attention to the employment report on Friday in order to find a sign of cracking in the labor market.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%B0%B1%E4%B8%9A%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E5%BC%BA%E5%8A%B2-%E5%AF%B9%E8%82%A1%E5%B8%82%E6%B6%A8%E5%8A%BF%E6%9E%84%E6%88%90%E5%A8%81%E8%83%81-b904eb9d 
" June 4th & quot; 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T03:59:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T11:37:56-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Liechi Hui compiled the script of "May 35" into three languages in Taiwan, continuing the history of June 4 and Hong Kong. List of Huihui. Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaODAO/renquanfazhi/EC-06022023035917.html/@@stream This Sunday is the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident. Yu Weijie, a spokesman for Tiananmen's mother, said that the tragic situation was unforgettable that day and insisted on fighting the truth. In addition, the National Security Law so that Hong Kong cannot hold the June 4th commemorative event. The former Standing Committee and volunteers of the branch association each guard this history of being sensitive in different ways.
How did the CCP cause 1.4 billion people to suffer from "June 4th Amnesia"? * [How do I know the June 4th] Come on the Come on the September 
There are two days on the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th" slaughter. "Tiananmen Mother" spokesman You Weijie told this station that she remembered the scene of the June 4th day during this time.
You Weijie: "I am a relative of the victims. My mood will not be comfortable as soon as this time, because the" June 4th "tragedy of the year, what I see, on the capital of Chang'an Street, 10 miles in the capital, uses the army to use the army. The move of slaughtering the people is too shocking. The various scenes I saw in the hospital are still like what happened yesterday. I haven't forgotten. "
You Weijie said that this Sunday is the first June 4th day after the epidemic, and the family members will insist on commemorating and publishing worship at Wan'an Cemetery to express their sorrows of their family. She said that the "Tiananmen Mother" sponsor Ding Zilin and Zhang Xianling's physical condition were okay, but many members were competing with time, hoping to achieve the three demands of "truth, compensation and accountability" as soon as possible.
You Weijie: "There are many mothers and father who lost their children in that year. They are over 80 years old and there will be some elderly diseases. This is one thing we are also worried. We all hope that they can live in their lifetime , To see the truth of the "June 4th" tragedy, which is publicly public, can be resolved, and can comfort them very painful. "
Regarding the mourning activities of June 4th in many places around the world, You Weijie thanked everyone for their attention to the "June 4th" tragedy, and also thanked the Hong Kong Branch Association, which has been dissolved, and left a candlelight for more than 30 years.
Cai Yaochang, former vice chairman of the branch association: Although the people disbanded the people will not forget 
After the implementation of the National Security Law, the branch association was dissolved, and many former Standing Committee members were sued. Former vice chairman Cai Yaochang was sentenced to sentence for the "June 4th" rally. He believes that he will not forget the "June 4th" because he has not forgotten the "June 4th" because he has no party without a party.
Cai Yaochang: "It will not be like a large rally every year like in the past three decades. However, the 30 years from 1989 to 2019, we can at least make the issue of" June 4th "not disappeared. I believe that there is any Many Hong Kong people know what happened on June 4th in 1989. I believe that Hong Kong people will continue to express their views with their own methods. The people will not forget. "
During this year's "June 4th" period, the Hong Kong Victoria Park will transform into a market for pro -Chinese communities to hold a celebration market. Cai Yaochang believes that the Hong Kong government's response is too large.
Cai Yaochang: "Of course, I don’t understand why the relevant community organizations run a market in Victoria Park around the" June 4th "? Whether there is a political purpose, maybe they can answer them. Hong Kong people will not want to disrupt Hong Kong and endanger national security.
Cai Yaochang said that the "June 4th" will mourn silently in a private place that night, and believes that many of the plenty of backbone of the branch of the sink will also use their own methods to commemorate this sorrowful history.
Cai Yaochang believes that the backbone of several tribes that were trapped in June 4th would also use the history of sorrow. (Provided by the respondent) The "June 4th" script is buried into a book three -character publishing editor Listing Hui Hui: Foreign the power of ordinary people to guard the truth 
The chairman of the "September 4th stage" chose to use text and art to record the story of June 4 and Hong Kong. She was interviewed by this station that the stage drama "May 35" from the premiere to the impossible performance is the historical testimony of the Hong Kong "National Security Law". On the eve of the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th", she compiled the stage script of this era into three languages: Cantonese, Mandarin and English. In the Taiwanese version of the script, I hope to continue the story of "June 4th" and Hong Kong, and in memory and forgetting the battle, they will do their best.Lie Zhihui said that art has the power to let people from different places understand unfairness, which not only occurred on June 4, 1989, but also the mother such as Tiananmen's mother. She hopes that the three -character script collection can make "May 35" in different places around the world, through different language performances, to increase the local people's understanding of the "June 4th" and Hong Kong, and then understand the difficulties that Hong Kong experienced now. "
Reporter: Chen Zifei Editor: Chen Meihua, Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/ec-06022023035917.html 
Chinese democratic movements in New York commemorate the "June 4th": "This is a symbol of resistance" 
Creator: LOLA FADULU,ASHLEY SOUTHALL
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-02T04:00:20+08:00
Description: Two years after the "June 4th" Memorial Hall of Hong Kong was closed, an exhibition commemorating the 1989 Protestant Sports Sports was opened in Manhattan. The exhibits include newspapers, letters, etc. The democratic movement plans to establish a new memorial in New York. James Estrin/The New York Times
Images: [" 02nytoday-Tia... "]
Category: 美国
Type: Article
 A new exhibition that commemorates the victims of the pro -democratic protests in 1989 will open in the Middle City of Manhattan. At that time, the Chinese army gathered in Tiananmen Square The protesters fired. After two years of suppression of the commemorative activity of the Tiananmen Square protest of the protests of Tiananmen Square, the exhibition will open this month.
This 185 -square -meter exhibition income includes the letter of the newspaper, a letter from the protests written by the prison, a bloody banner and a tent. Organizers said they have many pictures and video and audio materials.
"We are not just a museum, but its significance exceeds any museum, because it is a symbol of resistance," said Yu Dahai, the executive director of the organizer organizational organization.
The exhibition was exhibited in Washington last year. Many of the items in the exhibition come from Zhou Feng Suo Friends, Zhou Fengsuo, who is currently exiled and overseas, was a protest organizer. His name and photo appeared on the 21 student backbone of the Chinese government in 1989. He has been working closely with political prisoners since 1989.
advertise
Zhou Fengsuo said: "I am honored to be a protector who can become a precious memory and a freelance fire." He also said that this is "very exciting."
Prior to this, the Tiananmen Museum in Hong Kong was June 2021 Close, Hong Kong officials Demolition A statue commemorating the victims. In the same year, at the campus of the University of Hong Kong the other two pieces The work of commemorating the Holocaust has also disappeared.
Before the Memorial Hall in Hong Kong was demolished, Beijing implemented the [Comprehensive National Security Law] in Hong Kong.(https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20200803/hong-kong-election-national-security-law/)As a result, the local government basically prohibits disclosure to commemorate the 1989 massacre. In 2022, a small number of people gathered Candlelight night guarding activities in Taipei and other cities not only mourned those who were killed in 1989, but also mourned Hong Kong's fate.
Another leader of the student protest in 1989 Wang Dan was imprisoned for his social activities. In an interview, he said that he was not surprised when the museum in Hong Kong was closed. As the founder of the project, he began to build a new memorial in New York last year.
"I think its importance is not only memory," Wang Dan said. "It has important significance, especially today," he said.
"This museum is not just for history, but also for the present and future," he said.
advertise
The Chinese army used a slaughter to suppress the democratic movement led by students, hundreds or even thousands of people killed. A banner at the Manhattan exhibition shows that the names of 200 victims have been collected at present, but there is no complete list of victims. There was a photo of the wanted protesters on a banner, including Zhou Feng Suo.
The exhibition also included a bloody shirt worn by Jiang Lin, a reporter from the Chinese Military Daily. He risked to the square at the time to try to observe the situation at the scene. As a result, he was attacked by the police. In addition, there is a watch, badge and shirt of a soldier. Next to these exhibits is a book published by the government in July 1989 to justify the legitimacy of suppression.
Many student protesters were sleeping in the square while the massacre occurred. At that time, a sky blue tent they had used was in the exhibition. There is also a blood -stained banner. It was used by a teacher to bandage the wounds for the protesters who shot. In addition, a Hong Kong artist's paintings were displayed, which depicts the death of Lu Peng. He is currently known as the youngest. The victims were nine years old.
Wang Dan donated a letter written by Liu Xiaobo he received in prison, which was the writer and dissident of the Nobel Peace Prize. Wang Dan said that he hosted a democratic salon at Peking University in 1988. He called for a hunger strike in 1989 and was arrested in the same year. He was released in 1994, but was arrested the following year, and was detained for several years since then, and eventually exiled to the United States in 1998.
"I think that for the future of our country, the younger generation shoulders some kind of obligations and some responsibility, what should be done," Wang Dan said.
He said that the exhibition is not just a Chinese who lives here. He said that he hopes that Americans, especially high school students and college students can see the exhibition and understand "the situation in China, because this is not only important to China, but also important to the United States."
advertise
The organizer hopes to extend the exhibition to the entire museum. They have raised $ 500,000, but the goal is at least 2 million US dollars.
The exhibition site is located in the sixth largest road in Zhongcheng. It will open at the end of June. At that time, the public can book online.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/usa/20230602/tiananmen-square-exhibit/ 
The commander of NATO in Kosovo warning the situation is about to upgrade and clarify the Russian position 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-02T04:02:01
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T04:02:01
Description: General of the North Atlantic Treaty (NATO) in Kosovova and the commander of the army, Angelo Lestosia, said that the situation of Kosovo was very dangerous, and any incident could lead to the upgrading of the situation. The mayor of Albania took office.
Images: [" 1-1685677550.jpg ", " 1-1685677669.png "]
Topics: ['政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['政治', '新闻', '欧洲', '科索沃']
Type: Article
 The demonstration of the Kosovo clan is still continuing to worry about military conflict
General of the North Atlantic Treaty (NATO) in Kosovova and the commander of the army, Angelo Lestosia, said that the situation of Kosovo was very dangerous, and any incident could lead to the upgrading of the situation. The mayor of Albania took office.
In an interview with the Peninsula TV station, Rastotia added that solutions must be found to re -negotiate the two sides.
When answering the position on Russia's position on Cosovo, NATO military commander said that Moscow knew nothing about what happened in the local area.
He emphasized that without the intervention of the NATO peacekeeping forces, the situation may deteriorate and out of control. Restocei emphasized that these troops played an important role in controlling the situation and revealed that NATO Secretary -General agreed to give Cosovo an additional troops.
On the occasion of these statements, Albania citizens held a demonstration in northern Kosovo to oppose what the Serbian gang police and peacekeeping troops they said.
On the other hand, the Demonstrates of the Series continued to oppose the mayor of Albania, who worked in northern Kosovo, conflicting with the NATO peacekeeping forces in the region. On Thursday, dozens of Cymbers gathered again near the municipal building, but the number was compared to the past than in the past. Less records in a few days.
Since May 26, the Kosova people in the north of the country have been organizing protests to prevent the newly elected mayor of Albania from entering the municipal building to start performing their duties.
The mayor took office after winning the local elections held in 4 cities and towns -most of these cities in the towns are the Series -they resist the election on a large scale, and only 1,500 voters of 45,000 voters have participated in the voting. Essence
International pressure 
Under the pressure of France and Germany, Kosovo President Vehisa Osmani held a short -term meeting with Serbian President Alexander Wuxi during the Moldova Summit. The head of the European Union's Foreign Policy, Hesep Berry, was also present. Then, then
Osmanin called on Serbia to stop destroying the stable activities of the country and stopped supporting the "criminal gang", while Wugic asked the mayor of northern Kosovo to dismiss his post to ease the tension.
Hesep Berry, the head of the European Union's foreign policy, said he met with President Kosovo and the French president and German Prime Minister and met with President Serbia.
Berrely said that there are three demands: holding a local election to ensure the participation of the Kosovo Satisses and the establishment of a major cities and towns associations in the Cyrian tribe. He also added that it will have serious consequences without observing these requirements.
 Kosovo President Vehisa Osmani and French President Emartel Macron (left) and German Chancellor Olav Tanderz were held (Anadoru News Agency)
On the other hand, Serbian President Alexander Wuccic said in a statement to Peninsula TV that the situation in northern Kosovo needs to make huge efforts to reduce upgrades and emphasize that at a press conference held at the Moldova European Political Summit —— The entire area requires peace, calmness and stability.
At the same time, US Secretary of State Anthony Brinken urged Serbia and Kosovo leaders to alleviate tensions and warn that they threaten their hope to join Europe.
During the NATO talks held in Oslo on Thursday, Blingken told reporters, "We call on the Kosovo and the Serbian government to immediately take measures to ease the tension."
Blingken added: "We support the European-Atlantic integration process in Kosovo and Serbia. However, the current upgrade has more obstacles to trying to work in this direction than help."
The United States had criticized Cosovo earlier. Previously, the United States had long supported Cosovo for a long time. Earlier, after the Serbian voters resisted their places in the northern region, Prime Minister Albin Kurdi decided to appoint the mayor of Albania Essence
"We have expressed our concerns about some of the measures we have taken, and we have directly expressed this to the relevant leaders including Prime Minister Kuriti."
Brinken warned that after Serbia announced that its army entered alert, either party could take "unilateral action" and said that the future of Europe would meet the "wishes of the people of the two countries". Take measures to eliminate this possibility, it will not meet the interests of the people. "
The international peacekeeping forces led by NATO in Kosovo have strengthened their deployment in four cities. These cities are witnessing the turbulence between the Syllabic ethnic minorities and the Pleishtina government (northern of the country). Policy officials issued formal warnings on the seriousness of the situation.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/6/2/%e5%8c%97%e7%ba%a6%e9%a9%bb%e7%a7%91%e7%b4%a2%e6%b2%83%e9%83%a8%e9%98%9f%e6%8c%87%e6%8c%a5%e5%ae%98%e8%ad%a6%e5%91%8a%e5%b1%80%e5%8a%bf%e5%8d%b3%e5%b0%86%e5%8d%87%e7%ba%a7%e5%b9%b6%e6%be%84%e6%b8%85 
China Shengqing received Musk -"Free Version" that boosted the Chinese electric vehicle industry 
Author: Yoko Kubota / Raffaele Huang / Selina Cheng
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T04:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T04:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T02:45:00.000Z
Description: Musk met with senior Chinese officials, which showed Tesla's commitment to China. With the company's boost, China has become the leader of the global electric vehicle field.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000940129
Type: Article
Musk(Elon Musk)Visiting China this week was warmly welcomed by senior officials in China. This trip shows Tesla(Tesla, TSLA)Promise to China. With the company's boost, China has become the leader in the global electric vehicle field 。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%9B%9B%E6%83%85%E6%8E%A5%E5%BE%85%E9%A9%AC%E6%96%AF%E5%85%8B-%E5%8A%A9%E6%8E%A8%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E8%BD%A6%E4%BA%A7%E4%B8%9A%E7%9A%84-%E9%B2%B6%E9%B1%BC-434e0200 
The U.S. debt limit bill passes in the Senate 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T04:13:00Z
Description: 為了在6月5日的違約最後期限之前讓法案過關，美國國會在跟時間賽跑，最後終於在週四通過法案，可送交美國總統拜登簽署。
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['奥巴马', '美国', '南希·佩洛西']
Keywords: ['美国', '拜登', '麦卡锡', '债务上限', '民主党', '共和党']
Id: 65760918
The U.S. Senate passed the debt upper limit of the Bidden and McCarthy agreement on Thursday. The picture shows the US Congress.
(Voice of Germany) Following the House of Representatives, the US Senate also passed the debt limit bill on Thursday (June 1), and temporarily canceled the borrowing of the federal government in the next two years.
On Wednesday (May 31st), the House of Representatives led by the Republican Party passed the number of votes in favor of 314 votes and 117 votes, and sent this bill to the Senate. The number of votes will pass, and the next step will be signed by the US President Biden. The goal is to rush to June 5th's final period of breach of contract Previously, in order to avoid the U.S. government without money to pay the bill Essence
Chuckschume, the leader of the Senate and Democrat, said that with the advancement of Congress procedures and expected to avoid debt defaults, the United States "can be relieved." Earlier, after passing the bill with overwhelming votes, the Republican leader of the Senate Mitchmcconnell also said that he hoped that the bill could pass the level as soon as possible.
Earlier, some people in the United States opposed the bill. Republicans of hardliners have hoped to further reduce expenses and make stricter reforms. Chip Roy, a member of the House of Representative Freedomcaucus, said that the bill at best allows the United States to get "a vulnerability and gimmick and a 2 -year expenditure freezing."
Progressive Senator Berniesanders, an independent senator involved in the Democratic Party, stated on Twitter that he opposed the bill because the case involved an energy pipeline and will also be in the current Anti-POVERTYPROGRAMS. In addition, additional work requirements: "For my conscience, I cannot vote for supporting the debt limit agreement."
The American Court Speaker McCarthy discussed the debt limit bill at a press conference on May 31.
The negotiation of Biden and McCarthy 
After several weeks of difficult consultations and negotiations, Biden and McCarthy reached an agreement on US debt limits last weekend. Bayeng told the media in the White House on Sunday (28th), "This is a very important step forward." "The threat of the disaster breach of breach no longer exists, protecting the historic economic recovery that we get difficult to get. "And urged the two hospitals to pass the agreement.
Biden and McCarthy made a call on the 27th and finally reached an agreement. The content included: principle agreed to increase the limit of US debt for 2 years, but during this period of time, restrictions and reduced government's non -national defense expenditure, recovered new crown epidemic expenses wait.
After a 90 -minute call, McCarthy wrote in Twitter: "I just had a phone call with the president not long ago. After he wasted time and refused to negotiate for several months, we had reached a worthy of Principles. "In an interview with the media, McCarthy described that the bill" historically reduced expenses and major reforms, which would allow people to get rid of poverty, enter the labor market, and control the government's excessive expansion. "
Biden said in Twitter that the agreement represents some kind of compromise, "not everyone can get what they want," but he still keeps the key priority of the Democratic parties.
What is the upper limit of the US debt? 
The U.S. Congress introduced the debt limit system for the first time in 1917 to regulate the national debt amount that the US Finance could bear. This measure means that the government no longer needs Congress to approve the issuance of each debt.
The public debt bill was passed in 1939 and 1941. Over the past 70 years, the upper limit of debt has been increased by 78 times, including 2011, when the United States failed to reach an agreement on the new upper limit at that time, the S & P lowered US sovereign credit rating and triggered an increase in loan costs.
In January of this year, US debt has reached a debt upper limit of 31.4 trillion dollars However, the US Treasury Department has taken very measure to allow it to continue to provide funds for government activities.
Although the US federal government has not yet defaulted to the U.S. federal government, if it does not increase the upper limit of the debt, it will exceed June 5th, the last period of the default. The salary, social security payment, and medical subsidies such as veterans such as veterans and disadvantaged Americans will also be put on hold.
U.S. President Biden and the Speaker of the House of Representatives McCarthy at the White House on the 22nd.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/美國債務上限法案在參議院過關/a-65760918?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
OPEC+will reduce production again? The market is not moving 
Author: Bob Henderson
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T04:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T04:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T02:50:00.000Z
Description: Although the oil production country has made its best efforts to boost crude oil prices, oil traders still bet that oil prices will continue to fall.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000937941
Type: Article
Although the oil production country has made its best efforts to boost the price of crude oil, oil traders still bet oil prices will continue to fall 。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%AC%A7%E4%BD%A9%E5%85%8B+%E5%8F%88%E8%A6%81%E5%87%8F%E4%BA%A7-%E5%B8%82%E5%9C%BA%E4%B8%8D%E4%B8%BA%E6%89%80%E5%8A%A8-4a4eea58 
Promote consumption (Free Version) with digitalization of service industry 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T04:15:32+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-01T23:53:99+08:00
Description: Weng Yi: The platform can promote the realization of digitalization of the service industry, especially in the context of the continuous expansion of domestic demand and orderly recovery of consumer scenarios, which can better play the advantages of large -scale economy and scope.
Images: [" 000170652_pic... "]
Themes: ['中国经济', '关注']
Keywords: ['消费', '服务业', '数字经济', '中国经济']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Recently, the State Council of the State Council announced the operation of the national economy in April 2023. In terms of consumption, from January to April, the total retail sales of social consumer goods were 1498.3 billion yuan, an increase of 8.5%year-on-year. The national online retail sales were 4410.8 billion yuan, an increase of 12.3%year -on -year. Among them, the online retail sales of physical goods were 3716.4 billion yuan, an increase of 10.4%, accounting for 24.8%of the total retail sales of consumer goods. Judging from the above data, social consumption is quickly recovering, and the Internet platform has become a growth momentum under the general trend of consumption.
Recently, the Institute of Finance and Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences released the "Platform Social and Economic Value Research Report", which analyzed the role of the Internet platform in the digitalization of the service industry for the excavation of domestic demand markets and driving consumption. The report believes that the Internet platform has become an important support for the infrastructure of service consumption and the growth of domestic demand. The platform can promote the efficient cycle between the supply and demand of consumers and consumers, and continuously drive consumption with the leverage effect.
Promoting consumption urgently needs digitalization of the service industry 
Regardless of the data level and policy level, consumption has become increasingly the basic forces to drive economic growth. The digitalization of the service industry is important because the service industry's contribution to China's economic growth is nearly 60%. The Institute of Finance and Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences predicts that by 2025, the value -added of the service industry will account for the proportion of GDP, the employment of employees in the service industry, and the total proportion of service consumption will exceed 50%, which will promote the digitalization of the service industry to the development of the national economy. The expansion of domestic demand to drive consumption is crucial.
The importance of the service industry as the importance of the service industry as the importance of the "Report" reflects the long -term mechanism of "establishing and improving the long -term mechanism of expanding the consumption of residents, so that residents have stable income to consume, and they are not worried about the dare to consume. The consumption and consumption environment is a strong wish for consumption. "It also reflects the emphasis on the 2022 Central Economic Work Conference that" should focus on recovery and expand consumption in priority, enhance consumption capacity, improve consumer conditions, and innovate consumption scenarios. "
China, with a population of 1.4 billion, has gone into the stage of transition to consumption -driven after 45 years of reform and opening up. Based on China's population ranking second in the world, it is necessary to say that the scale economy is not needed. Since the reform and opening up in 1978, one of the main reasons to achieve such a large economic development is that the scale economy has played an important role. As the reform is continuously deepened, the scope economy has also begun to play. The scope economy generates the same or similar input elements when the specialization of management work and the production of a variety of products in the management work, or the technical changes that are better used to better use production equipment and conducive to joint production. The scope economy focuses on production. Product correlation.
There is no doubt that in the era of digital economy, the platform can promote the realization of digitalization of the service industry, especially in the context of the continuous expansion of domestic demand, orderly recovery of consumption scenarios, and explosive growth in service consumption. The advantages of scope economy.
Consumption characteristics and pain points and blockage points of the digital economy era 
To promote consumption, we must make the pulse of the current consumption characteristics. In the era of digital economy, China's consumption shows the following characteristics: service consumption is the focus of further tapping domestic demand; a significant trend of service consumption presents structural upgrades; consumer demand has shown a diversified trend, and the grades are increasingly obvious. Just need; the platform becomes a key infrastructure for consumer supply and demand for docking services.
Specifically, it is necessary to meet consumers' diversification, high quality, and scenario needs, expand consumption, and reduce the time and costs of consumption satisfaction. In terms of willingness, new demand is expanded by expanding the scene; in terms of time, fragmentation, instantization, and unlimited time must be achieved; in terms of space, the consumer area must be expanded; in terms of participation, the threshold for participation must be reduced;
The above -mentioned diversified needs are considered to be experienced consumption. It can be said that the essence of service industry is an experiential consumption. Combined with the actual situation, the current promotion of consumption needs to clear the following blocks: First, some groups, such as the elderly group, have not yet completed the process of incorporating the digital economy. The threshold for digitalization improves their digital consumption experience; second, niche consumption is not satisfied. Niche consumption or consumer's niche demand is not seen. It is difficult for the products and services they want to consume, and the demand for niche demand is facing the problem of incompatibility between people and freight yards; After moving down to the online, failed to establish a full trust mechanism between the two parties to allow consumers to make personal transaction arrangements without worry. The threshold for consumption willingness needs to be cracked.
The platform should establish a coordination mechanism for promoting consumption 
For the above -mentioned consumption characteristics, pain points, and blocking points, as the main platform for digitalization of the service industry, the platform can be solved to a large extent. In general, the platform must establish a coordination mechanism that can make both ends of the supply and demand (trying to reduce friction) during the transaction, so that the two parties from one -time buying and selling relationship The evolution of the relationship transitions the demand end from passive, traditional consumers to active types, and digital consumers.
Specifically, first of all, the platform must give full play to the connection effect, and coordinate the "digital gap" through technology and resource inclusiveness, so that each group can share the dividend of the digital economy and digital technology. This is a complete collection that needs to be fully set. Social engineering in society, consumers 'needs need to be brought to merchants and service providers by platforms, while merchants need platforms and service providers' support at the technical and resource level. Taking the elderly group that has not been met in consumer needs as an example, China, as the only country in the world with a population of more than 200 million, although the initial results of the "appropriate aging transformation" in the past two years, it is still not a system. People's digital consumption platforms also lack new products developed according to the characteristics of the elderly. Next, the platform combines the needs of the elderly to help merchants create digital business solutions to develop products and marketing that is more consistent with the consumption of the elderly. Models meet the needs of the elderly who have been ignored before.
Secondly, precise drip irrigation forms a link effect. Say goodbye to the extensive flow era of "big water drilling" in the past. Properly promote, thousands of people and thousands of people, give full play to the coordination mechanism of frictionless transactions, so that the cost of consumers spent on the collection of information collection and personal transactions related to transaction opportunities minimizes. In terms of technical level, it brings efficient and accurate connections through personalized recommendations and intelligent distribution technology. Through traffic tilt and sinking of products and services, the needs of niche consumers and niche can be fully seen. With the renewal iteration of the consumer group, the middle class and the post -90s have gradually become the main force of the Chinese consumer market. Copy service consumption, the platform can help merchants perform stratified marketing and precise marketing when advancing the digitalization process of the service industry.Finally, consumption through technology can maximize the effect of promoting consumption. In recent years, local governments at all levels have jointly distributed various consumer coupons to citizens, such as non -different consumer coupons, catering vouchers, tourist coupons, and so on. According to the survey statistics of the "Social and Economic Value Research Report" of the Social Sciences, since 2020, Alipay has promoted a variety of forms such as consumer vouchers and platform ticket marketing, and has accumulated a total of nearly 300 billion yuan. In the two consumer festivals in 2022, the platform's digital issuance coupons leveraged 1:25, which greatly played the "one leverage" multiplication effect. If consumers encounter a good consumer experience, they will repeat the purchase from the merchants to form a "secondary leverage" effect. Because the platform has the ability to accurately analyze scale effects and big data, it can improve the touch efficiency and conversion efficiency of the government or merchants, thereby bringing leverage effects.
In summary, the non -friction coordination mechanism established by the platform should be based on the user's first and innovation as the core, and closely focuses on the new stage, new scenes, and new concepts, and through the digitization of the service industry as the starting point, build opportunities and opportunities for technical knowledge innovation and innovation Dynamics, further integrate online and offline, form a long -term economic growth mechanism, and then expand domestic demand and promote consumption.
In the past 40 years, China's economic development has mainly relied on exports and investment in the "three carriages" of the national economy. The focus of development will be transferred to consumption -driven. Digitalization of the service industry is an important starting point for driving consumption. The platform transitions from passive, traditional consumers to active types and digital consumers by establishing a dynamic coordination mechanism centered on the first and innovation of the user's first and innovation as the core. Promote the high -level dynamic balance between the supply and demand ends, thereby promoting the digitalization of the service industry to achieve scale economy and scope economy.
_ (Note: The author is a senior researcher at the Digital Economic Think Tank. This article only represents the author's personal point of view.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099838 
Is China a developing country? (Free version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T04:20:48+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T00:20:99+08:00
Description: Wang Jun: Today China is a developing country or a developed country. It is more like a kind of benevolent and wise. Because the simple figures in income cannot measure the development of a country.
Images: [" 000183168_pic... "]
Themes: ['发展中国家', '关注']
Keywords: ['发展中国家', '发达国家', 'WTO', '中美关系']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Recently, the debate around China has appeared on the hot search of Chinese social media, because it was a bill adopted by the US Congress.
On March 27, 2023, the House of Representatives in favor of 415 votes and 0 votes against the voting of 0 votes unanimously adopted the "People's Republic of China is not a developing country". The U.S. Budget Office pointed out in a document marked on March 7, 2023 that the bill aims to "request the State Council to influence international organizations and categorize China into high income, medium and upper income or developed countries. It is not a developing country. The bill also requires the State Council to discourage these organizations to give China any preferential treatment as developing countries. "
Once the news came out, it immediately triggered heated discussion among Chinese officials and self -media. Except for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs clarification, the official nationalist tabloid "Global Times" controlled by China pointed out that the United States has no right to make a decision on China's developing countries. "The American attempt to further expose Washington to seek increasing China's development costs and forces us It is less noisy, calm, objective, and convincing on social media sounds that bearing the international responsibility within the scope of beyond ability.
To understand the significance of this bill and the subsequent influence, it is necessary to clarify several terms in the bill. This is exactly the most clear concepts of the development of economics.
In textbooks written by Western economists, Developing Countries, Less-Developed/UnderDevelopedCountries, and The Thirdworld actually refers to the same type of countries. Division and frequently appear in various works, from the cover of books to the title of thesis, it is very common.
Depending on the different observation dimensions, the countries on the earth can be divided into the following categories: high -income countries and low -income countries; DevelopedCountRies, developing countries or underdeveloped countries; democratic or autocratic countries; and modern or traditional countries Wait, these categories cross and overlap each other, and sometimes the boundaries are not clear. For example, a high -income country can be an authoritarian country, and a low -income country can also be a democratic country. It is not easy to judge that a country is a democratic country or a modern society, because there is no absolute standard, but from a relative perspective, such as choosing a more democratic and modern country from several countries, it is much easier.
The most used in the above classification, which is also generally recognized as the first, is the method of classifying the per capita income from the per capita income. Other categories, either the endorsement of authoritative organizations or institutions, or too broad meaning, making it difficult to grasp and easily produce ambiguity.
According to the latest standards launched by the World Bank, the per capita income of more than $ 13205 is a high -income country. Data show that in 2022, China's per capita GDP (GDP) was US $ 12,741, which was equivalent to only 1/6 of the United States. According to this standard, China is a medium -income country. Today China is a developing country or a developed country, and it is more like a kind of benevolent and wise. Because the simple figures in income cannot measure the development of a country.
Even the classification of per capita income is still rough lines, not static. On the one hand, the threshold of high -income countries is dynamic and will be adjusted according to the actual situation; on the other hand, under the high -income column, it can be subdivided into "high -income countries" and "high -income countries". Differentiated those high -income countries that do not rely on oil to achieve high income and non -co -organizers. This is because, in the perspective of professional researchers, the politics of high -income countries has its own uniqueness and cannot be the same as other high -income countries.
If the per capita income is a more objective quantity indicator, then the development of a country must not only have high support for high income, but also require soft indicators to ensure. In fact, in terms of basic meanings, the "developed" in English does not pay attention to the (one country) per capita income, but emphasizes that (one country) has many industries and supplemented by complex economic systems. Essence The logical relationship here can be summarized in one sentence, that is, high -income countries may not be developed countries, but developed countries are usually high -income countries. Perhaps this is the reason. Whether it is an international organization or a serious scholar, it looks particularly cautious when using the term "developed".
I think of the exchange with local scholars when I arrived in Australia in the beginning of many years. What made me curious at the time was why many Australian economists insisted that Australia was more like developing countries than China? The reason they give is that the exports of Australia are mainly primary products, such as iron ore, and China's exports are mainly industrial products, and the proportion is far more than Australia. Such awareness is not unparalleled, because the United Nations Trade and Development Conference has proposed an opinion on the proportion of industrial products to different countries.
It is surprising that it makes sense that Australian scholars do not like their country in private that their own country is called "Developed country". They admitted that they are more willing to define themselves with the "Developing country". Because "developed" English used in the past, people are reminiscent of the end, and "developing countries" use it now, it sounds like it has been improving. In fact, it is the most developed country today, and it is also facing matters that need to be solved through development. In this way, the meaning and boundaries of developed countries seem to be blurred again.
Although there are no clear and generally accepted standards for developed countries, there are opinions that the 38 member states currently organized by the OECD belong to developed countries. To join this Organization, which is known as the "rich country with music", in addition to the requirements of per capita income, it also needs to be in terms of labor issues, judicial system reform, corporate governance of state -owned enterprises, anti -bribery, trade, and industrial chemicals and waste management. Meet certain conditions. At present, there are only two countries in Asia (excluding Oceania), namely Japan (1964) and South Korea (1996). According to this standard, only 38 developed countries in more than 200 countries around the world. However, with the addition of Columbia (2020) and Costa Rica (2021), people's understanding of developed countries will deepen again and will not only stare at the per capita income.It can be speculated that if the US official promotes the above bill within the WTO and led a large country to refuse to accept the status of Chinese developing countries, and China insists on the stance of "defending the national interests", then the WTO is likely to be very likely The establishment of a special committee to be established to coordinate this issue.
It is worth noting that the categories of countries around the world according to democracy or autocracy are new trends in recent years, and more and more use occasions have been used. The first is that recently some Western leaders have begun to distinguish between ideology and distinguish camps. For example, shortly after Bayeng's serving as the President of the United States, he held the "Democratic Country Peak Conference" to exclude China and Russia and other countries. For example, in 2021, TheEconomist has launched a list of "Fully Authoritarianregations", including 59 countries including China, Russia and Iran. The above actions undoubtedly lead people to the fundamental issue of moving attention to national politics, and Western countries led by the United States are enthusiastic about dividing the national camp with values. Essence
The thinking of dividing the country into democracy or autocracy is being favored by more and more researchers, and it is likely that it is possible to be systematically explained in future textbooks. When this concept affects the policy guidelines of the next -generation policy or appear in the future international organizations and institutions, China's activity space on the international stage may be limited. In addition, it seems to enjoy another label, that is, the potential benefits of the largest democratic country on the planet. Whether it is self -advertising or praised, India's controversy on this issue is not great.
Back to the US bill again, as the members of the drafting the bill said, China ’s current economic schedule is second in the world, which is an indisputable fact. In addition, from the South China Sea to Antarctica, and then from Europe to Africa, China's influence is everywhere. Economic assistance has long been criticized in Chinese folks. After all, there are still many poverty -stricken areas in China, and hundreds of millions of people are struggling on the edge of the internationally recognized poverty line. The Chinese government's aggressive overseas, a big investment in his head, not to mention developing countries, even if developing countries are estimated to be dazed, sigh. Obviously, these intuitive feelings have shaken and changed the recognition of China as a developing country, which is also the main reason why members of the United States Parliament insisted on promoting the passage of the bill.
When developing activities in international trade and financial institutions as developing countries, various preferential conditions can be obtained. It is mainly reflected in terms of taxation and loans. More international obligations. This may be the true concern that Chinese officials are not willing to say, although in many international occasions, China has declared a "responsible big country."
Chinese officials and media opposed the United States' "wearing a hat" to China, and also reminded the author's impression that visiting in poor areas in China and communicating with local officials. In fact, many of them are not interested in picking poverty hats, because once they "pick up hats", the once financial support and strong treatment will be greatly reduced until zero. There are "levels" in poverty -stricken areas in China, such as national and provincial levels, which are divided into different support standards. As a result, the more poor areas, the less lack of motivation for "picking hats" and the greater the resistance. When it comes to the response of Chinese official media to the US bill, it will immediately agree that the external posture of a country is actually just a continuation of domestic politics.
A few years ago, when Chinese economist Lin Yifu answered when China could solve the problem of haze, he said that as long as China entered a high -income country, the haze problem could be solved. question. This seems to be blurted with important economic ideas behind the words, that is, the environmental Kuzshanes curve, which can be briefly expressed that as the per capita income of a country increases, citizens' demand for environmental quality will increase, and the level of pollution levels will be present. The trend of long -term decline, and then promoting the improvement of the environmental quality of a country, this idea has been proven by the experience and facts of countries around the world. Of course, this logic may not be established, that is, countries with clean environment may not achieve high income.
Similarly, no high -income country is based on information blocking and limited speech, let alone developed countries. This is still a conclusion based on reality observation. The logic is the same. With the improvement of income levels, people's desire for freedom will become stronger. At this time, freedom of speech will become the necessary conditions for entering high income or modern countries. That is, the freedom of information and freedom of speech does not ensure that a country is pushed to the ladder of a high -income country, but high -income countries, especially developed countries, must be open information and freedom of speech. In this sense, China has many things that need to be resolved on the road to developed countries, and freedom of speech is just one of them.
When the author sees the full name of the United States Act, the first thing to think of is not the common sense of income, nor the controversy around developed, but a famous judgment on reputation in the theory of game, that is, the reputation is not by "who is". Definition is determined by "not who". The reputation here can be individual or organization, such as companies and countries. "Not who" contains more content than "Who" and is more in line with the principles of efficiency in economics. From this perspective, looking at the "The People's Republic of China is not a developing country" bill, it may be able to get another feeling. What country China is, there will be multiple answers, which depends entirely on the perspective and position of the observer, but from the perspective of the Legislator of the United States, China is not a developing country.
There are still traditional and modern distinctions in the world. At present, the Chinese ruling party is vigorously promoting the narrative of "Chinese -style modernization", which is just a hodgepodge that is just a Western material lifestyle and a Chinese -style spirit. Although the streets and alleys of China are filled with the slogans of socialist core values such as "democracy, freedom, and justice", as long as Article 35 of the Chinese Constitution is not implemented and the speech is not free, China will be missed with modern countries, let alone realize it. "modernization".
In summary, even if China's per capita income has reached a considerable level in the future, as long as China's reform is not completed, the rule of law is not implemented, politics is clear, and human rights are difficult to guarantee. China cannot become developed countries. This has nothing to do with income, and it is not even more economic. When the rigorous scholars are classified in China, they will still use the term "developed" cautiously to modify or limit it. The classification is the same.
_ (Note: Wang Jun is a Chinese independent scholar, freelance writer. This article only represents the author's personal point of view.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099839 
Why did the investor bet on the application of AI in climatic technology? (Free version) 
Author: Scott Patterson
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T04:35:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T04:35:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T03:16:00.000Z
Description: AI is almost everywhere. This technology is also ready to shake another popular area: clean energy. Amy Francetic, the co -founder of Buoyant Ventures, is one of the people who pay close attention to this trend.
Images: []
Categories: ['科技']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000925232
Type: Article
With the rise of ChatGPT and other AI chat robots, from the clinic of people to the open brokerage account AI is almost everywhere. This technology is also ready to shake another popular area of the economy: clean energy.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E8%BF%99%E4%BD%8D%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E4%BA%BA%E4%B8%BA%E4%BD%95%E6%8A%BC%E6%B3%A8ai%E5%9C%A8%E6%B0%94%E5%80%99%E6%8A%80%E6%9C%AF%E4%B8%8A%E7%9A%84%E5%BA%94%E7%94%A8-c29a7a72 
The euro area inflation and cooling down, opening the road for the European Central Bank to suspend interest rate hikes (Free Version) 
Author: Tom Fairless
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T04:45:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T04:45:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T03:35:00.000Z
Description: The inflation rate in the euro zone fell to the lowest point since 15 months, which opened a window for the European Central Bank to suspend actively raising interest rates.
Images: []
Categories: ['经济']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000939634
Type: Article
The inflation rate in the euro zone fell to the lowest point since 15 months, and it was suspended for the European Central Bank actively raising interest rates Open a window.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E6%AC%A7%E5%85%83%E5%8C%BA%E9%80%9A%E8%83%80%E9%99%8D%E6%B8%A9-%E4%B8%BA%E6%AC%A7%E6%B4%B2%E5%A4%AE%E8%A1%8C%E6%9A%82%E5%81%9C%E5%8A%A0%E6%81%AF%E5%BC%80%E8%BE%9F%E9%81%93%E8%B7%AF-99f8ee69 
From "Literature Kong Yiji" to "Kong Yiji Literature" -The Free Version in modern novels and contemporary reality 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T05:11:13+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T01:10:99+08:00
Description: Lin Yuan: "Gunno" cannot keep Kong Yiji's livelihood, and the "gown of education" cannot keep some college graduates to maintain their livelihood. Even if some people are wearing a "gown" to find a job, they are still "leek".
Images: [" 000183175_pic... "]
Themes: ['大学生', '关注']
Keywords: ['大学生', '教育', '就业', '中国社会']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
"Kong Yiji" is a novel written by Lu Xun in 1919. In the novel, Kong Yiji (can be called "Literature Kong Yiji") belongs to the scholar, but it is completely marginalized by the long shirt and the short shirt and the short shirt. As for the contemporary reality, Kong Yiji has recently revealed the dilemma facing through the creation of "Kong Yiji Literature", which has attracted the attention of Chinese officials and the people.
1. Reador 
Kong Yiji is a scholar, and is a stubborn. He couldn't even pass Xiucai (student). Pu Songling, the author of "Liao Zhai Zhi Yi", did not have a person who was admitted to Xiucai, and he did not have to be. However, compared with Kong Yiji, the situation was better. As for the reason why Kong Yiji could not pass the talent, or because of his studies, he was not exquisite enough, but the competition for the test was more worthy of attention. At the end of the Qing Dynasty, Liang Qichao wrote in the "Book on the Bus": "There are hundreds of children who are born with hundreds of children and do ten people as members." It can be seen that Tong Sheng's proportion of talents has become a talented ratio.
Except for the imperial examinations, the issue of Kong Yiji will not work. Kong Yiji wrote well, and someone invited him to the banknote book. However, he actually "sits for a few days, and he will even be disappeared together with people and books." The reason for this is because he is a little lazy to complete this "boring"; or because of low pay, he can only reluctantly do it; plus he loves books, he takes away other people's books (together with paper pen). After several times, no one will invite him to the banknote.
Among those who cannot pass the talents, some people live on their teachers. However, due to special reasons (perhaps including taking away other people's books, the pen and pen are worse), Kong Yiji was hired. In addition to being a teacher, the other way out of the reader is to be a curator and the curtain friends (especially those with special talents), such as Pu Songling. But for Kong Yiji, it is difficult for people like him to be appreciated by specific officials and become a curtain friend.
In ancient times (even in the late Qing Dynasty), there were scholars, farmers, industry and commerce. The scholars or "prospective" (not well -known scholars), because of the disappointment to do business or farmers, after all, it is rare -but not without. Kong Yiji has not embarked on such a way of making a living. He should lack labor experience and skills, and his culture and knowledge made him unwilling to engage in agriculture, work, and business. In this way, it is difficult for him to solve the problem of livelihood and be reduced to the kind of scholar.
When Confucius said in the Analects of Confucius, it is seen that he should read the Confucian classics by quoting what Confucius said in "The Analects of Confucius". He also wanted to teach the four writing methods of the "return" of the gang of warm wine in the counter, but the guy was unwilling to learn. Knowing the four writing methods of "Hui", or because he has read a lot of ancient books, but the four ways of writing are useless in reality, he will also be regarded as "pedantic".
Even if poverty is poverty, Kong Yiji is still easy to read, so he will steal books -thieves generally do not steal books, and robbers do not grab books. Perhaps Kong Yiji believes that "the book has a book" is justified (just as "the farmer has its own field"), so "the stealing can not be considered a steal." Perhaps he believes that the book should be transferred from those books that do not read to a good book.
Some people say that Kong Yiji is pitiful and ridiculous, but he should actually say that he is sad. In ancient times (and even the late Qing Dynasty), there were people who were "Dai Tian Shou Lang, Mu Dengtang Tianshitang", but there were also hopeless and powerless people like Kong Yiji. He could no longer participate in the "inner volume" of the imperial examination, but he did not seem to really "lie down", but he was struggling hopeless until he was completely swallowed by darkness.
Second, wearing gown and short clothes 
The gown is a symbol of identity and social status. Lu Xun later wrote in the article "Push": "It can be seen that it is a gown, even if it is not 'high Chinese', it should always belong to the superior." As for the short shirt and short jacket, at that time, the clothing style of the labor people (see Huang Nengyi and other : "Dai Guan Tianxia: History of Chinese Clothing Pictures") In the hotel in Luzhen, these two people are actually separated. Standing and drinking by the cabinet. The former was used to sitting, and the latter was used to standing.
Kong Yiji is the only person who stands drinking and wearing a gown. For Kong Yiji, it is reasonable to say that it is not a clothing that exceeds his identity, but a clothing that reflects his identity (childhood). He wore a gown, and the main purpose should not be the recognition and acceptance of other gown wearing, but to distinguish it with the short clothes -he is a cultural person, and they are not (in fact, the values of each other are different).
There are a lot of people who have not been admitted to the talents, but Kong Yiji may be regarded as a downward person. When other scholars arrive at the hotel, they will still have to drink and drink. Kong Yiji fell to drink. As for the short gang of drinking and drinking, knowing that Kong Yiji is a very unsuccessful scholar, and regards him as a sarcasm that can be ridiculed. He will neither respect and lack sympathy. The hotel guys are roughly the same class as the short clothes to help customers, but he also looks down on Kong Yiji, thinking that the latter is "the same person who is a meal." Kong Yiji was completely reduced by the dual contempt of gown and short clothes, and has completely reduced to the edge of society.
Lu Xun wrote in "The Lantern": "Many differences that are still in the ancient times because of ancient times, so that people are separated from each other, so they can no longer feel the pain of others." "Leeks" lack sympathy for other "leek" unfortunate encounters, perhaps because of the differences and gaps between each other, maybe because of similar narrowness and limitations of each other. This "leek society" is quite indifferent and ruthless.
In addition to Kong Yiji, in addition to Kong Yiji, the novel also has Ding Jumen. The people are the upper -level gentlemen, and there are many privileges and higher social prestige (see Zhang Zhongli: "Chinese gentleman"). This person and Kong Yiji were regarded as a reader, but they actually belonged to different social classes. He has no sympathy for the poor Kong Yi. Kong Yiji went to his house to steal, and was actually discounted by him. It stands to reason that gentlemen should maintain Gang Lunji and be a model of morality. How can the readers discount their legs (even if he enters the room and steal the book), how can they be a model of the people?
After being discounted, Kong Yiji, life is even more disappointed. It can be said that there are only "dead roads." But what exactly does the ending, others (whether wearing a gown or a short gang) are not clear or careless. As a result, Kong Yiji disappeared forever in their "no see" and "no longer say".
Three, contemporary Kong Yiji 
Chinese universities are constantly expanding. For 30 years from 1991 to 2021, the number of college entrance examinations increased by more than 15 times, and the admission rate rose from about 20%to more than 90%. Generally speaking, higher education has developed from "strict advancement" to "wide entry and wide out", and enrollment generally means to graduate smoothly. The number of rapidly growing university graduates will inevitably lead to employment difficulty -it is even more so in the background of the economic downturn (superposition of the epidemic).
So many college students are actually divided into different classes- "cut leeks" and "leek class". At the same time, getting the same college diploma will not make them the same class. In the circle of friends, the son of Nanchang (Zhou Yan), who dazzled the rich in the circle of friends. Those who were born in the "leek class" thought that they had academic qualifications to put on "gown", but they were actually "leek".
孔乙己曾因字写得好，给人钞书——但当代毕业生中有些人连类似的活也找不到。他们又不愿务农、做工，拿到大学文凭后，以为穿上“长衫”，但却找不到适于“长衫”做的工作。于是他们创作出“孔乙己文学”。
其实，他们的“长衫”与孔乙己的“长衫”有重要区别。孔乙己没考上秀才，类似没有学历。但他穿长衫，有意与短衣帮区分，主要是因为他认为自己是有文化者(乃至文化传承者)。对当今大学毕业生来说，有学历未必等同于真正有文化。他们以为拿到文凭使其穿上“长衫”，而非有文化使其穿上“长衫”(这或与他们缺乏真正的文化有关)。
“长衫”不能使孔乙己维持生计，“学历的长衫”也不能使部分高校毕业生维持生计。即便有些人穿着“长衫”找到工作，但他们还是“韭菜”——比如格子间中的“韭菜”等。倘若有些人像中国官方媒体提倡的那样脱下“长衫”，去干短衣帮的活，比如“挽起裤腿下田地”，也就回归了“本色韭菜”。这样一来，他们或无暇创作“孔乙己文学”了。
至于自诩喝过20万元一斤白毫银针的周公子之流，根本不会去创作“孔乙己文学”，只会创作“严世蕃文学”——周劼自称严世蕃，视其“老子”为严嵩(明代权臣)。他们的“长衫”，不是通过取得学历穿上的，而是通过“血缘”穿上的。他们更无真正的文化可言，穿着的肯定不是孔乙己的长衫，也不像是丁举人的长衫(尽管在“仗势”方面不无相似之处，但举人一般经历过严格的科举考试，而周公子没有)。
中国高等教育可以培养出当代严世蕃，也可以培养出当代孔乙己，套用胡锡进的“复杂中国”说法，完全可以自夸为“复杂教育”。
(注：林原，历史学博士，旅加时评人，当代中国问题研究者。 本文仅代表作者个人观点。责编邮箱bo.liu@ftchinese.com) 
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099840 
The electric road or multi -track of large trucks is parallel, and the cost is high (Free Version) 
Author: Stephen Wilmot
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T05:45:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T05:45:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T04:25:00.000Z
Description: Toyota and Daimler reached a technical sharing agreement focusing on heavy trucks, which marked the beginning of a higher cost of large truck manufacturers.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000940377
Type: Article
If you think you can turn from gas engine to electric vehicles to Ford Motor Company(Ford Motor, F)He General Motor Company(General Motors,GM)Such companies are complicated, so think about heavy truck manufacturers.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%A4%A7%E5%9E%8B%E5%8D%A1%E8%BD%A6%E7%9A%84%E7%94%B5%E5%8A%A8%E4%B9%8B%E8%B7%AF%E6%88%96%E5%A4%9A%E8%BD%A8%E5%B9%B6%E8%A1%8C-%E4%B8%94%E4%BB%A3%E4%BB%B7%E9%AB%98%E6%98%82-2b849094 
Faced with the threat of Chinese missiles, the United States adopted a new military strategy in Asia 
Author: Alastair Gale
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T05:55:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T05:55:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T01:25:00.000Z
Description: By dispersing weapons, troops, and command places to a small outpost base such as Rallo, the United States hopes to make China more difficult to launch a decisive blow by weakening any single military facilities.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000939588
Type: Article
At this small commercial airport near the northern end of the Philippines, at the recent training exercise During this period, a tent prepared for the US military and troops was set up on the shutdown, and the U.S. Army helicopter was parked.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E9%9D%A2%E5%AF%B9%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%AF%BC%E5%BC%B9%E5%A8%81%E8%83%81-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%9C%A8%E4%BA%9A%E6%B4%B2%E9%87%87%E5%8F%96%E6%96%B0%E5%86%9B%E4%BA%8B%E7%AD%96%E7%95%A5-7f4ddbe6 
Hong Kong wiped the June 4th memory cultural relics and preserved overseas 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T06:01:00Z
Description: On the 34th anniversary of the Tiananmen incident, the June 4th Memorial Hall will open in New York. At this moment when the Hong Kong authorities systematically erase this massacre memory, experts told DW that the overseas commemorative activities will continue the tradition of Hong Kong, and it will also mean that people's desire for freedom and democracy will not be so easily extinguished.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['谷歌', '天安门', '香港', '纽约', '雨伞革命', '香港政改', '六四事件', '专题报道：香港“反送中”抗议', '专题报道：六四30周年']
Keywords: ['香港', '六四', '天安门', '维园烛光晚会', '纽约', '中国人权', '国安法']
Id: 65801167
On June 4, 2011, Hong Kong Victoria Park held the June 4th Memorial Candle Gala
(Voice of Germany) The June 4th Annmen incident will 34th anniversary. As the Hong Kong authorities continue to erase the traces of the massacre, it will cause related memory to systematically "disappear" concerns. On the occasion of this, the "June 4th Memorial Hall" in New York, USA will open on Friday (June 2), and also saved the overseas of the incident's legacy to ignite the light.
This small memorial hall is settled in a narrow fourth -floor office space in Manhattan, New York. Donation of participants in the June 4th Movement.
Reuters pointed out that there are similar museums in Hong Kong, which were closed by the government in 2021. Now the June 4th Memorial Hall in New York will become the only permanent exhibition in the world to commemorate this incident.
In this regard, Wang Dan, the leader of June 4th student Wang Dan, said at a press conference on the establishment of the museum on April (1st): "The intention of the Chinese authorities is obvious. They want to cover up history and let the world forget the crime of Chinese authorities. They hope that everyone will forget the Communist Party. It is a regime based on violence and lies. "
Zhou Fenguo, the leader of June 4th student, also said that this memorial is "the hope of free China." He assisted in planning this memorial hall and said: "We will unite together, just like at Tiananmen Square 34 years ago, people all over the world see our dream of freedom China."

紐約六四紀念館展出六四事件相關報導
香港六四守夜活動「被消失」 
全球華人社群將在本週日(4日)紀念天安門事件，許多海外中國人和香港人都將參加世界各地舉辦的守夜活動。
然而，30多年前率先發起這個傳統、多年來也是此類活動標誌性地點的香港， 今年將不會舉行相關公開活動 Essence Since the implementation of the National Security Law in Hong Kong in 2020, the public activities that commemorate this tragedy have disappeared, and the Hong Kong authorities are also removing various memories of this bloody suppression incident and student protests.
A few days ago, Hong Kong Public Library has removed dozens of books related to June 4th Documentary; Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao stated that the collection must ensure that "no law violates Hong Kong laws" and "in line with Hong Kong interests."
In addition to the withdrawal of the relevant books of June 4th, Catholic Hong Kong Diocese also announced last month that after the event of the June 4th commemoration of the June 4th commemorative Mass due to worrying about violating the National Security Law last year, this event will be suspended again 。
一些專家告訴DW，香港人保持紀念六四傳統的原因之一，是因為他們想避免重蹈1989年抗議學生的覆轍；而當局抹去六四相關記憶的舉動，反映了中國政府長期以來致力刪去反對意見的作法，好將敘事改為對自己有利。
非政府組織人權觀察(Human Rights Watch)的亞洲部副主任王松蓮(Maya Wang)說，中國政府「不滿足於僅僅抹去對天安門廣場大屠殺的公開紀念，還想要改變香港和中國其他地區的人們對那段日子的記憶」。
英國倫敦國王學院(King's College London)潘迪生法學院(The Dickson Poon School ofLaw)的客座研究員黎恩灝(EricLai)則說：「香港人曾認為，在共產主義政權面前，民主就是保護自己生活方式的最佳辦法」，在這樣的背景下，紀念天安門的傳統反映了港人對中國政府根深蒂固的不滿。
During the June 4th Memorial event held in Taipei on June 4, 2020, there were candlelights on the banner of "Restore Hong Kong, Times Revolution" in Taiwan.
囹圄 囹圄 囹圄 囹圄 
Not only did the June 4 commemorative event stopped in Hong Kong, but the main leaders of the June 4th Park Garden Party were arrested, detained or sentenced for being arrested, detained or sentenced for national security. Zhou Hengdong, Li Zhuoren and He Junren " Hong Kong Citizens Support the Patriotic Democratic Movement Federation" (referred to as the branch association ) Founding member, the alliance is the main organization responsible for organizing this night -guard activity. They have been imprisoned for more than 1 year.
Some analysts believe that the Hong Kong Government has intended to kill chickens and cicadas with the arrest of the highly anticipated social movement. Patrickpoon, a visiting researcher at Tokyo University, said: "(Hong Kong Government) wants to send a message -if the Hong Kong people continue to hold public activities to commemorate June 4th, or shout slogans, raise banners to end the one -party dictatorship, they will be suspected of violating Guoan Law."
On the eve of June 4th (June 3rd to 5th), Deng Bingqiang, director of the Hong Kong Security Bureau, warned that if anyone tried to use "special days" to promote Hong Kong independence, or attempts to subvert the state power, Hong Kong The government will be decisively enforced.
At the same time, 26 Hong Kong and Guangdong Associations, including the China Provincial Township Club, will host a carnival event of "Celebrating Hong Kong Return" in Victoria Park, Hong Kong at the end of the sixth and fourth wears. Because the Tiananmen Memorial Party is held here every year, public opinion speculates that this carnival is denied by the organization to prevent any commemorative June 4th activities.
In this case, Hong Kong is expected to not hold any public activities related to June 4th. Wang Songlian and Tiananmen student leader Zhou Feng Suo, the leader of Human Rights Observation Organization, emphasized that commemorative activities held around the world will help maintain the historical memory of June 4th 。
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Democratic Goddess 
Under Tiananmen Morning Daxi, the protesters used plastic foam and gypsum to set up a democratic goddess about 10 meters high on the metal bracket. The goddess location is facing the statue of Mao Zedong on the building of Tiananmen City. In the early morning of June 4, soldiers used tanks and armed vehicles to push the statue.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Singing female police officer 
Before the Chinese government suppressed, the situation was tense, but citizens often sent things to soldiers and police. Sometimes, the entry into the city will sing patriotic songs with the demonstrators. The policewoman in the picture was singing on Tiananmen Square, and a few days later, the army entered, and the democratic movement was suppressed by force.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
struggle 
On June 3, 1989, a day before the June 4th suppression, a woman was sandwiched among the democratic demonstrators and the army near the Great Hall of the People. In the midnight of the day, the 38th Army fired to the non -incompetent people, and finally seized Tiananmen Square, which was occupied by the demonstrators for weeks.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
The weapon seized 
One day before the suppression, thousands of demonstrators were around a bus, and a weapon seized on the top of the car. After the government announced martial law, the soldiers and demonstrations had a subtle relationship. The demonstrators sometimes send gifts to the soldiers to condolences, and the troops have temporarily retired.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Fight for democracy 
In the middle of the night on June 3, a armored carrier car just broke through the roadblocks built by the demonstrator and were surrounded by the demonstrators in front of the party's party. At the same time, martial arts soldiers not far away are preparing to fire the demonstrators.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Burning soldiers 
On the evening of June 3, the demonstrators ignited a armored carrier on the Chang'an Street in Tiananmen. This is the last photo taken by photographer Jeffwidner that night. Soon after that, he was accidentally hit by a brick thrown by the demonstrator. Although suffering strenuous brain shocks, because the camera in the hand offset most of the impact, Wednel escaped the robbery and was not in danger of life.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
suppression 
On June 4, the first day after the democratic movement led by the student was bloody, a truck loaded with a soldier patrolled on the Changan Street in front of the Beijing Hotel. On the same day, a soldier similar to a truck fired at the tourists standing in the lobby of the Beijing Hotel.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
"Tank Man" 
On June 4, a lonely man holding a shopping bag stood in the middle of Changan Street, trying to block the way of tank formation. Twenty -five years later, this person's final fate is still unknown. This scene has become one of the most symbolic images of the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
dead hero 
On June 5th, a group of people showed a picture of a local native place on Chang'an Street. The deceased on the screen was allegedly a demonstrator who shot shot in the process of seizing Tiananmen Square. The huge wound on the deceased showed that soldiers used Dam. Amnesty International Organization believes that at least 300 civilians were killed.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Clean 
After the army suppressed the democratic movement, two women were cleaning the square, and behind them were a bicycle that had been burned. In the protest movement, several cars and military vehicles were burned, and some soldiers died or injured.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Defense Mao Zedong 
A few days after the suppression, soldiers and tanks were always guarded in front of Tiananmen Tower.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
brother side by side 
In late May 1989, the Associated Press Photography reporter Weiderne (left) and Chinese photographer Liu Xiangcheng took a picture in front of the Forbidden City. At that time, they may not expect that a few days later, the Chinese government used force to suppress the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
Author: jeff widner/Shi Tao
(Comprehensive report, William Yang contributed to this article)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/香港抹去六四記憶-文物保存寄望海外/a-65801167?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Beautiful player Frez Faste's defeat of Redikine fans reported to boo 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T06:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T05:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Paris 1st) At present, the 8th American tennis player Fritz defeated the only surviving landlord player in the French Open today. In the competition, the audience continued to boo, and Frez will also get from time to time. Put the index finger in front of the lips to gestures of "quiet".
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Taylor Fritz finally eliminated French player ARTHURRRINDERKNECH in 2-6, 6 to 4, 6, 6-4, and a total of 28 French players in this competition, all of them, all played singers. The whole army has been covered.
In an interview on the court, Fritz still booed. He said with a mocking: "These fans are really great, making me even more hard. They cheer for me. I'm not sure if I am me. I won, thank you. "The fans sang the French national anthem at the scene and made their best solutions to push their last hope to the next round. Fulz, 25, was annoyed in the game because of these moves. During the ball game, the referee continued to ask the audience to be quiet, but unaware.
Fritz will face Francisco Cerundolo in the fourth round.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230602-%E7%BE%8E%E9%80%89%E6%89%8B%E4%BD%9B%E9%87%8C%E5%85%B9%E6%B3%95%E7%BD%91%E5%87%BB%E8%B4%A5%E7%91%9E%E5%BE%B7%E5%85%8B%E5%86%85%E5%B8%8C-%E7%90%83%E8%BF%B7%E6%8A%A5%E4%BB%A5%E5%98%98%E5%A3%B0 
别再说AI会产生赢家和输家 (Free Version) 
Authors: ['萨拉•奥康纳']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T06:16:59+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T02:13:99+08:00
Description: Sarango: That's it as if the whole thing is not in our control. Artificial intelligence brings danger and also creates opportunities. The final result depends on us.
Images: []
Themes: ['人工智能', '关注']
Keywords: ['人工智能', '就业', '技术']
Type: Article
科技专家过去都是乐天派——常常乐观到令人讨厌的程度。因此，最近看到一群科技领袖公开警告自己的发明可能带来的可怕后果，让人有点不知所措。
人工智能实验室DeepMind的联合创始人之一穆斯塔法•苏莱曼(Mustafasuleyman)At a event in San Francisco last month, artificial intelligence will threaten the rice bowl of white -collar workers and cause "a large number of losers". They will be "very unhappy and anxious." He said governments will have to consider how to compensate them.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099843 
Commercial real estate loans have become "Xiao He" in the US banking industry, and the success or failure is it. 
Author: Telis Demos
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T06:30:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T06:30:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T04:45:00.000Z
Description: The US banking industry needs to issue more loans of higher yields, but it must also be alert to relevant risks.
Images: []
Categories: ['金融市场', '股闻天下']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000938753
Type: Article
People are concerned about banks' commercial real estate loans. But if the bank does not issue these loans, the results are equally worrying.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%95%86%E4%B8%9A%E6%88%BF%E5%9C%B0%E4%BA%A7%E8%B4%B7%E6%AC%BE%E6%88%90%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E9%93%B6%E8%A1%8C%E4%B8%9A-%E8%90%A7%E4%BD%95-%E6%88%90%E8%B4%A5%E7%9A%86%E6%98%AF%E5%AE%83-3bb469d3 
Jokic's Sanyuan Destroy the Heat Gold Block Championships to win the first game 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T06:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T06:05:05+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Denver, 1st) Jakich scored 27 points, 10 rebounds, and 14 assists today. He led the Golden Bag 104 to 93 to extinguish the Heat and won the first game of the championship.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Denver Gold Block, who was promoted early, was waiting to work at home today, facing the Miami Heat of the championship in the seven Eastern Championships.
The Golden Bag ranked first in the Western District of 53 Winning and 29th West this year. In the first round of the playoffs, the Golden Block was eliminated 4-1 in the first round of the golden block, and the second round defeated the Phoenix Sun 4 to 2. The Western Championship swept Los Angeles Lakers 4-0.
Compared with the heating of Tyler Herro, Victor Oladipo, gold blocks include Nikola Jokic and Jamalmurray led a team to fight. The lineup is relatively neat and advantageous.
On May 30, it was determined that the heat of the promotion was only two days of breathing opportunities. In comparison, the gold blocks that won the championship ticket on May 23 were more optimistic about the Gold Blocks that had a 7 -day rest for 7 days.
The second battle between the two teams will continue in Denver on the 5th of Taipei time.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230602-%E7%BA%A6%E5%9F%BA%E5%A5%87%E5%A4%A7%E4%B8%89%E5%85%83%E7%81%AD%E7%83%AD%E7%81%AB-%E9%87%91%E5%9D%97%E6%80%BB%E5%86%A0%E5%86%9B%E8%B5%9B%E9%A6%96%E6%88%98%E8%B5%A2%E7%90%83 
Report: China's investment open source intelligence collection US military information 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T06:50:00Z
Description: An analysis of an American intelligence company pointed out that the Chinese officials and the PLA are public data from the US Department of Defense, Think Tank and Private Enterprises to better understand the US military's capabilities, which also includes defense information related to Taiwan.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['德中关系', '奥巴马', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '中共十九大', '美国']
Keywords: ['中国', '网络', '情报', '美国', '开源']
Id: 65801428
A report shows that China is expanding the collection of open source data (diagram)
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The latest research report from an intelligence company pointed out that the Chinese intelligence agencies and the PLA are vigorously investing in Open-Source Intelligence (OSINT) to better understand the US military's capabilities in the Pacific and other regions.
The United States "New York Times" reported that the analysis report of the U.S. threatening intelligence company "RecordedFuture" detailed how the Chinese government and the company collected public data from the US Department of Defense, Think Tank and Private Companies, which helps the Chinese Army. Fang is a pre -pre -pre -made plan with the United States.
"There is a China Maritime Research Institute, which has conducted a large number of open source research on China," said Zoehaver, a threat intelligence analyst of "Record the Future". "This is a study under the academic framework, but in the end, the foreign government will think that this kind of information is valuable.
The U.S. military did not comment immediately on the results of the report.
The definition of open source intelligence is widely defined, but the "record future" studies the information of the Chinese PLA intelligence agencies to formulate plans and develop the army.
The report said that the PLA and the Chinese defense industry will almost use the open information environment of other countries to extract open source intelligence from foreign governments, military, universities, national defense industry companies, scientific research institutions, think tanks, news media, social media platforms, forums and other places. Personal and commercial data providers, printing media, radio radio, satellite and other sources are also sources of information.
The report also reviewed the contract issued by the Chinese military to Chinese private companies to understand how China collects a series of open source information, including information about the US military and information involving Taiwan's defense work.
"The PLA assumes that the United States will intervene in the Taiwan conflict in some form, and they work hard to prepare for this situation." Analyst Hefo said.
According to the analysis, part of the reason for China to collect open source information is to prepare for possible Taiwan Straits War.
Collection of open source intelligence constitutes a challenge for democratic politics 
The latest report of the "Record Future" company lists 5 Chinese private OSINT suppliers serving the Chinese PLA, including suppliers of the main sales platforms and database products, suppliers that mainly provide research and analysis services, and remote sensing dedicated to remote sensing. Data supplier.
The report believes that the PLA is likely to use these data to support decision -making and better understand potential foreign opponents and prepare for future conflicts.
The report also pointed out that although there is a security problem in the information disclosed by the United States and its allies, the extensive access to data may not be a solution. Analyst Black Buddha said that he hopes that more people can recognize China to collect open source intelligence, help private enterprises, military and other government departments to manage risks, and make it more difficult for "online crawlers" to from the public database and websites. Search for information automatically. In addition, Black Buddha also encouraged enterprises to conduct due diligence for Chinese companies that intend to purchase their information.
"In the final analysis, we don't want Western countries to close their information environment," said the analyst Black Buddha. "That's not even a good thing. We value openness."
China has already started collecting open source messages 
In September 2020, many media reports that Zhenhua Data Company, located in Shenzhen, China, systematically collects "[Digital Bread Deduct] by millions of people in various countries.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/小心数字面包屑中国打响大数据间谍战/a-54930131)"And provided to the Chinese government and civil units as an intelligence, causing the outside world to shock. "Digital bread debris" refers to a clues left by a person on the Internet.
American scholar Balnding, an American scholar who found this database on the Internet, Tell DW in 2020 All sectors usually regard open source data as low -value or worthless information, but open source data is often the source of information from government departments or intelligence units.
Ballding is an independent scholar. He has taught at Peking University Business School for nearly 10 years, and has also served as an associate professor at the Department of Economics, Fulbright University of Vietnam.
Ballin explained to DW at the time that if a user shared a photo on Facebook or Twitter, the technology of these two platforms will automatically mark the location of the photo. Even if the user closes the function of the Twitter marked location, others can still analyze your location from the background.
In addition, there are a large number of foreign military personnel in Shenzhen Zhenhua Data Company, including thousands of grassroots military personnel. They track the Twitter or Facebook of these military personnel and use it to locate the location of the personnel. When Zhenhua knows the location of these personnel, it can further speculate that the location of a certain ship is located and what may happen on the ship.

開源訊息可能是有用的資訊，圖為中國街角的監視器(資料照)
(綜合報導)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/報告：中國投資開源情報-蒐集美軍資訊/a-65801428?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Why can London in the 19th century be free to Marx? (Free version) 
Authors: ['']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T06:50:07+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T02:45:99+08:00
Description: He Yue: The freedom of speech that Marx could not get in Germany and enjoyed in London and the personal freedom of personal freedom came from the popular liberalism at that time; at the time, it was the first to lead liberalism.
Images: [" 000183188_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '自由主义', '关注']
Keywords: ['自由主义', '马克思', '伦敦', '越陌度阡']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
Just as after the war of Russia, many Russian writers fled in New York; Marx fled in London in the 19th century -the most free city in the world at the time. Why can London be free to Marx?
The answer to this question was a bit accidental. I have been preparing for the exam recently. I applied for the Liberal Democratic Party candidate for the British election next year, and there was a 60 -minute test. The four British people's livelihood issues need to be explained.
This is not easy for me. The Liberal Democratic Party is the third largest party, and its party platform and position have not been in my scope of reporting and analysis. The Conservative Party has been in power for 13 years, so I have written articles about the British government in the past, which is actually the Conservative Party policy; I also know more about the Labor Party (see ["Equal Life of Marx and the British]](https://www.chineseft.com/story/001085440?archive)And ["The Influence of Marxism on Britain, Germany, and Russia"(https://www.chineseft.com/story/001097173?archive)To. At that time, I was willing to enter the Liberal Democratic Party. In addition to being seduced by the candidates, I met the Liberal Democratic Party's target "soft conservative party" standard, that is, to support the Conservative Party, but I was tired of what the Conservative Party did in recent years. So when I joined the party, I only knew that "this is the middle party between the Conservative Party and the Labor Party", but I don't know the specifics. From the test guide, I read the Political Program of the Liberal Democratic Party in 2021 "A more fair, greener, and more caring society". After reading 25 pages, I did not read the southeast and northwest. This title, the difference between the Liberal Democratic Party is only to increase/reduce resource subsidies to disadvantaged groups.
In confusion, I started to look for the history of the Liberal Democratic Party. It was discovered that what was free to Marx was the Liberal Party, one of the two major parties in the UK at that time. The party took turns in governance with the Conservative Party during Victori. At that time, the British Labor Party (replaced the Liberal Party in the early 20th century as the British Party) was not born. The Liberal Party is the predecessor of the Liberal Democratic Party.
Marx was unable to get in Germany, and the freedom of remarks and personal freedom enjoyed in London came from the liberalism of Europe at that time; and the first leader in London was the first to lead liberalism. Marx exiled to Britain in 1849 and lived in 34 years until he died in 1883. At that time, France was replaced between the dynasty and the Republic, and the German would be unified into an empire to dominate, and the United States was still in the civil war. Only the United Kingdom has been steadily exercised in the constitutional monarchy's constitutional constitutional system for more than a hundred years. The nobles who are in charge of the actual political rights in the UK have invented the most stunning aristocratic level system, making Britain a "most class" society, but eventually 20 in 20 At the beginning of the century, the altar was beaten by British liberalism. When I went to Britain in 2004, I still thought that Britain was a society ruled by nobles. Now look back at the "Invisible Class: British" Upstream Society "" I wrote in 2017](http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001073461?full=y&archive)There is a problem with the words and sentences in it, because I was still in the question of the general who "nobles really exited the British center stage" at the time.
The United Kingdom has never been short of speculation, coexist in various views, and decides the mainstream view with democratic voting. But unlike today, the 19th century was full of changes -the economic method shifted from the noble's land manor system to the industry operated by capitalists; political aspects, noble rights were transferred to civilians little by little, the more people obtained votes. The faster the transfer speed. When the whole people get the right to vote, it is the day that the nobles have lost their rights.
In the 18th and 19th centuries of change, British thinkers and philosophers seemed to be endless, and their reputation has not yet decreased. When the Marx design worker class liberates the whole mankind by violent revolution and breaks the blueprint of national boundaries; liberalism is also in the construction theory. Related well -known theorists include philosopher Johnstuart Mill, Economist Keynes and Economist William Bellych(William Beveridge)Essence Mier also joined the Liberal Party and became a member of the party in Congress (1865-1868). Churchill was also a parliamentarian of the Liberal Party (he transferred to the Conservative Party camp after the decline of the Liberal Party) and wrote "Liberalism and Social Issues" (1909).
In terms of theory, the initial goal of liberalism is to oppose the control of the nobles, the absolute monarchy, and the church's control of the government and society. They believe that individuals should have the freedom to make their own decisions and should not be controlled by the government; except for freedom of speech or decision whether to believe in whether they believe in freedom of speech or decide whether to believe in worship In addition to the freedom of religion, people should also have the freedom to have property and use property according to their wishes.
Liberalism continued to evolve, and at the end of the 19th century, "Newliberalism" appeared, and this idea eventually led European countries on the road of welfare. At that time, some liberal writers began to question that if people are poor, healthy, or have not been educated, they can really develop freely according to their wishes. The government should ensure equality and develop a welfare system to provide better health, housing and education. This requires taxes on high -income people, but the government does not interfere with the market itself. From 1906-1914, the British Liberal Government began a welfare country for the first time.
Today, these two basic ideas have been regarded by the British for granted, because British society is a living model that gradually turns liberal theory into practice in argument and elections. The British Liberal Party first opened this pilot in the UK and led the atmosphere. Today's two British Conservative Party and Labor Party have basically accepted the basic ideas and claims set up by the Liberal Party.
The Liberal Party developed from the Figgun Party, and the Waig Party originated from a noble faction during the rule of Charles II and the radicals of the early 19th century. The Huig Party agreed to reduce the power of the royal family and increase the power of parliament, although their motivation was originally to fight for more power to give themselves. The more idealized Huig Party gradually began to support the expansion of democracy for democracy. The Reform Act is the climax of the Hugs, but it also brings the perishage of the Wage Party. The middle class obtained the right to vote and entered the House of Commons, which eventually led to the development of the system's middle -class liberalism and the end of the Hugeg party. The official establishment of the Liberal Party (representing the interests of emerging middle class) dates back to Palmerton's second government (1859-1865), and tied with the Conservative Party to the British Party.The Liberal Prime Minister, which is worth mentioning, is David Lloyd George 1863-1945. I have interviewed his great -grandson Dasnow (British historian). He did not be proud of this ancestors, because David George had a scandal in the later period of political career, which made him famous in British history. Great. Moreover, during his administration, the Liberal Party had begun to decline from prosperity, and he later needed to jointly govern with the Conservative Party. This also shows that at that time, the liberal party and the Conservative policy existed in cooperation.
I personally think that because David George's greatest contribution to British politics was that he and the 1909 people's budget advocated by Winston Churchill, who were at the time of the Liberal Party at the time, levied unprecedented taxes to the rich in the UK (this opened The British imposed high tax on the rich), and introduced a radical social welfare plan in national policy; in addition, the bill made the House of House of Lords surrender most of the power, making the House of House from nowhere. The right to delay two years. Therefore, Britain's world -famous two -institution system (the reference version of the two institutions in the founding of the United States during the founding of the United States) was actually the first hospital, because only the House of Losites had real rights.
The facts of the British people participated in the two world wars changed the political structure of Britain, and the people were the ultimate beneficiaries. The Labor Party (representing the interests of workers) will gradually replace the Liberal Party (representing the interests of the middle class) into the British Party. After the end of the First War, the democratic reform of the "People's Representative Law" in 1918 increased the number of people who had the right to vote in the UK to double, from 7 million to 21 million. The Labor Party benefited the most from this huge change in voters. It formed its first minority government in 1924. After World War II, voters abandoned the War Hero Conservative Party leader Churchill and sent the Labor Party to the government with a high voting, which opened a 34 -year social democratic period in British history, namely elections, public ownership, and high welfare society. Since 1945, the personal freedom created by the Liberal Party and the national welfare system have been fully accepted by the Labor Party and the Conservative Party. It is still the basic party idea of the British party.
The Liberal Party has existed for more than 300 years in different forms. In the 19th and early 20th century, it became one of the two leading political parties in the UK with the Conservative Party. After the First World War, it was crowded to the third place by the Labor Party and gradually declined in the remaining time of the 20th century. After the decline, the Liberal Party has not been a climate. Until 1981, the Liberal Party and the Social Democratic Party (SDP) established an election alliance, the latter is a group split from the Labor Party. In 1988, the two parties merged and formed the Liberal Democratic Party (Liberal Democratic Party).
If the Liberal Party was once prosperous because it was at the forefront of the times, led social changes with liberalism, created national benefits, and established the cornerstone of the British society today. The social change facing today is the global trade from prosperity to decline, and ideological battles. Severe, social media replaced traditional media, which enlarged personal rights and its influence. Today's predicament is that no matter the Conservative Party, the Labor Party, or the Liberal Democratic Party, there have not yet appear as thinkers who can design future capabilities such as Marx, Mill, Cairns, etc. So much so that the Liberal Democratic Party ’s party’ s Formation Document “A more fair, greener, and more caring society”, which I read in 2021, lacks creativity and new ideas. The difference from the other two major parties is often only different from funding projects and funding. It is difficult to wear the clouds and fog like the Liberal Party of the old ancestor, create new ideas, and lead the era.
The 19th -century London of Marx's life was actually a period of liberalism. At that time, the British universal selection system was far from forming. Democracy was only a patent for nobles and minorities. It was indisputable for capitalists to exploit the people of labor. It is also to fight for equality. Marx and liberals have created two ways. One of the violence (the era of Marx's life, to fight for freedom with violence belongs to justice). Fei Bian (founded in 1994) assisted the Labor Party. In Russia, which influences the influence of liberalism, the violent elements in Marxism have been thoroughly used, creating the first national Soviet Union in history to guide Marxism. Although the Soviet Union had disintegrated, in 2022, its inheritance of Russia continued its military government's violence tradition, and the war of aggression against Ukraine was deeply affected today the world.
_ (Note: This article only represents the author's personal point of view. Responsible for the mailbox bo.liu@ftchinese.com) _
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099844 
Russia refers to the U.S. invading thousands of Apple mobile phones say that Apple has "closely cooperated" with the government 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T06:57
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T07:07
Description: Russia said a spy activity in the United States stated that the United States invaded thousands of Apple phones through complex monitoring software. Apple has denied implanting the back door in any Apple product. Reuters reports that the Russian Federal Security Agency (FSB) made a voice on Thursday (June 1) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄罗斯', '美国', '间谍活动', '苹果手机']
Russia said a spy activity in the United States stated that the United States invaded thousands of Apple phones through complex monitoring software. Apple has denied implanting the back door in any Apple product.
Reuters reported that the Russian Federal Security Agency (FSB) issued a statement on Thursday (June 1) saying: "We find that the special service department in the United States use Apple mobile devices for an intelligence action."
The Statement Index was invaded by thousands of domestic Apple users and Apple users in Russia and former Soviet diplomats.
Kaspersky Lab headquartered in Moscow said that Apple devices of dozens of employees were destroyed. Kabasky Lab is a computer security company.
Casanky president Kaspersky said on Twitter that the company's senior and middle management personnel are the target of attack, and said that this is "extremely complicated, targeted professional network attack operations."
The Russian Federal Security Agency said the conspiracy operation showed the "close cooperation" between Apple and the National Security Agency (NSA). The National Security Agency is a US agency responsible for passwords and communication intelligence and security.
However, the Russian Federal Security Agency did not provide any evidence of Apple Corporation and the US government espionage or knowledge of spy activity.
Apple issued a statement denied the allegations: "We have never cooperated with any government to implant the back door in any Apple product, which will never happen."
The National Security Agency refused to comment on Russia.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400437 
The United States stops providing some data from the "New Strategic Weapon Treaty" to Russia 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T07:19
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T08:03
Description: 美国从星期四（6月1日）开始，停止向俄罗斯提供部分《新削减战略武器条约》数据，其中包括美国导弹和发射器的位置，作为回应莫斯科“持续违反”这项协议的举措。路透社报道，根据美国国务院官...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '俄罗斯', '数据', '武器', '美俄关系', '导弹']
Starting from Thursday (June 1) in the United States, the United States stopped providing some data from Russia with some "New Treatment of Strategic Weapon Treaty", including the position of American missiles and launchers to respond to the measure of Moscow's "continuous violations" agreement.
Reuters reports that according to a explanation issued by the official website of the US State Department, the United States will also stop providing remote test information (Telemetry) about intercontinental missiles and submarine ballistic missile launches to Russia.
Remote testing technology refers to the technology of the parameter of the object separated by a certain distance and transmits the measured results to the receiving place.
Russia announced in August 2022 that it temporarily withdrawn from the facilities inspection mechanism of the Newstart Treaty (Newstart ", and announced in February 2023 that the Treaty was suspended. Later, the United States, as a response to the suspension of the Treaty in Russia, decided to stop some data on exchanging nuclear weapons with Russia.
Russian President Putin has not officially allowed Russia to withdraw from the New Treaty of Strategic Weapons.
The "New Treatment of Strategic Weapons" was signed by Russia and the United States in 2010 and took effect on February 5, 2011, with a validity period of 10 years. On February 3, 2021, Russia and the United States swapped diplomatic photos to complete the relevant internal procedures that extended the effective period of the "New Strategic Weapon Treaty". The validity period of the treaty was subsequently extended to February 5, 2026. After Russia and the United States' "Guide Treaty" failed in 2019, this approach became the only military control treaty between the two countries.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400438 
投资人等待美就业数据 日股收高 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T07:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T07:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Tokyo, 2nd) The Federal Federal Preparatory Council (FED) may slow down the pace of interest rate hikes, and investors are waiting for US employment data to be released.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Japanese stock base 225 index closed up 376.21 points, or 1.21%, to 31524.22 points. The Dongzhi stock price index closed up 33.41 points, or 1.55%, to 2182.70 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230602-%E6%8A%95%E8%B5%84%E4%BA%BA%E7%AD%89%E5%BE%85%E7%BE%8E%E5%B0%B1%E4%B8%9A%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE-%E6%97%A5%E8%82%A1%E6%94%B6%E9%AB%98 
Meta published a new hybrid solid wearing device to resist Apple grabbing the market 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T08:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T07:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse San Francisco 1st) At the time of Apple's upcoming hybrid reality (MR) new products, Facebook's parent company Meta Platforms is the first to publish a new generation of hybrid real -wearing devices today ... Quest ...
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 CEO Markzuckerberg said on the social platform Instagram that the new generation of devices are 40%thinner than the previous generation and have color perspective functions, starting from $ 499 (about NT $ 15,300).
Meta also mentioned that the existing QUEST 2 device is about to reduce the price, while improving the performance of the equipment and providing a smoother user experience.
Zuckerba said that Quest 3 will be configured with a new Qualcomm chipset. The image processing performance is twice that of Quest2. It is expected to be available in autumn. More details will be announced at the AR/VR conference on September 27.
The market research institution "Insider Intelligence" chief analyst Yorywurmser, "Integrity, said: Apple wants to release a product that feels more like a designer glasses, not a game, not a game. Wearing a device, but the product it publishes is large. "
Wimser said that the intention is to use this device to use the earliest people and developers who try new products to launch a more innovative mixed real -state wearing device for the next few years.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E7%BC%A4%E7%BA%B7%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C/20230602-meta%E5%8F%91%E8%A1%A8%E6%96%B0%E6%AC%BE%E6%B7%B7%E5%90%88%E5%AE%9E%E5%A2%83%E5%A4%B4%E6%88%B4%E8%A3%85%E7%BD%AE-%E5%8A%9B%E6%8A%97%E8%8B%B9%E6%9E%9C%E6%8A%A2%E5%B8%82 
美批准中国航空往返中美航班 避开俄罗斯领空 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T08:05
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T08:12
Description: According to the flight tracking website Flightaware information and industry officials disclosed, the newly approved Chinese airline flights to and from the United States avoided Russian airspace. Reuters reports that Flightaware records show that Washington recently approved Chinese airlines ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '中国', '航空公司', '航班', '中美关系']
According to the flight tracking website Flightaware information and industry officials disclosed, the newly approved Chinese airline flights to and from the United States avoided Russian airspace.
Reuters reports that the Flightaware record shows that Washington recently approved the new flights operated by Chinese airlines on the United States without flying over Russia's airspace, and the previously approved flights still flew over Russia.
The US Department of Transportation announced on May 3 that allowing Chinese airlines to increase US passenger flight services to 12 times a week This is the same as the number of flights operating in China in Beijing. Earlier, the United States only allowed Chinese airlines to provide eight round -trip flights a week.
In response to whether the Bayeng government asked Chinese airlines to avoid Russia's airspace. As a condition for approval of four new flights, the US Department of Transport, the assistant minister in charge of aviation and international affairs, Parsk refused to respond.
She said that the flights to and from China and the United States gradually increased to 12 times (weekly). "It is the pace of restrained growth. Both sides must very much hope to move forward."
In response to Washington's invasion of Ukraine in Russia, Russian flights were banned from flying over the United States. Moscow has banned US airlines and other foreign airlines from flying over Russia.
Prior to the restrictions on Chinese and American flights due to crown diseases in early 2020, more than 150 times to and from the United States and China.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400441 
Russia's development of the Ukrainian war today 
Author: 半岛电视台＋通讯社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-02T08:13:43
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T14:27:02
Description: After Ukraine shot down more than 36 missiles and drones that Russia fired overnight, the air strike alert was lifted on the morning of the 2nd.
Images: [" 2023-06-02T08... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '世界', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 During the Russian and Ukraine conflict, Russia Belgo Rhode was destroyed in the Ukrainian army's shelling(Reuters)* Governor of Belgore, Russia, said that the Ukrainian army crashed a road of Maslova Princetan and killed the two and was injured. * Li Hui, a special envoy of Ukrainian issues in China, called on governments to "stop transporting weapons to the battlefield" and added that China was considering sending another delegation to Europe after his 12 -day trip to Europe.
read more
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/war-in-ukraine/liveblog/2023/6/2/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e5%af%b9%e4%b9%8c%e5%85%8b%e5%85%b0%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e7%9a%84%e4%bb%8a%e6%97%a5%e5%8f%91%e5%b1%95-348 
The US Senate is about to vote on the debt limit bill 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T08:23
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T08:23
Description: The US Senate is about to vote and suspend US government's US $ 3.1.4 trillion (approximately $ 42.3 trillion) Federal debt limit bill. Reuters reports that Schu Mo, the major party leader of the US Senate, said that the Senate will be on Thursday (June 1) in the evening (Singapore time ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国参议院', '债务违约', '法案']
美国参议院即将投票表决，暂停美国政府31.4万亿美元(约42.3万亿新元)联邦债务上限法案。
路透社报道，美国参议院多数党领袖舒默说，参议院将于星期四(6月1日)晚上(新加坡时间星期五早上)投票。
众议院元港在星期三通过这项避免美国发生灾难性 债务违约 The bill.
The US Ministry of Finance predicts that if Congress does not take action, it is estimated that by June 5, the Ministry of Finance's funds will not be enough to fulfill the payment obligations. After several months of negotiations, President Biden and the Speaker of the Republican House of Representatives McCarthy finally reached an agreement on government debt issues.
According to the agreement reached by Biden and McCarthy, the United States will suspend US $ 3.14 trillion in debt limit to January 1, 2025. At the same time, the budget expenditure of 2024 and 2025 is limited. The government will also recover the unused funds for crown disease epidemic, speed up the approval procedures of some energy projects, and improve the work requirements for some food subsidies. The non -national defense budget expenditure in fiscal year was basically unchanged, and the fiscal year in 2025 increased by 1%.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400442 
Shangri -La dialogue on Singapore to focus on the situation in the Taiwan Strait of the United States and China 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T08:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T08:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse Singapore, 2nd) "Shangri -La Dialogue" Asian Security Conference debuted today in Singapore. The United States, China, Australia, Japan, Britain, South Korea, and Ukraine will attend; The issues such as the Russia and Ukraine War will become the focus.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The 20th "Shangri-Ladialogue" was held at the Shangri-La Hotel in Singapore today. This year, people from the 41st country attended the meeting, including ministerial representatives, senior defense officials and scholars; One game will also talk about the round table on the 3rd and 4th.
According to the chairman's British Think Tank "Institute of International Strategy (IISS), Australian Prime Minister Anthonyalbanese will give a keynote speech tonight; US Secretary of Defense Austin, followed by the United States in the morning of the 3rd in India, Regional leadership gave a speech.
China Defense Minister Li Shangfu is expected to give a speech on the "Chinese New Security Initiative" on the morning of the 4th.
At the time, the competition in the United States and China intensified, coupled with China's rejection of the United States previously proposed that Li Shangfu and Austin held a bilateral meeting on the side of the "Shangri -La dialogue". Essence
Since the end of January of this year, the United States has been seeking to improve military relations between the two countries. At present, the United States and China have military deployment in the Asia -Pacific region, and the tension between the two countries in Taiwan has also increased.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E9%A6%99%E6%A0%BC%E9%87%8C%E6%8B%89%E5%AF%B9%E8%AF%9D%E6%96%B0%E5%8A%A0%E5%9D%A1%E7%99%BB%E5%9C%BA-%E8%81%9A%E7%84%A6%E7%BE%8E%E4%B8%AD%E5%85%B3%E7%B3%BB%E5%8F%B0%E6%B5%B7%E5%B1%80%E5%8A%BF 
The Fed may not raise interest rates this month that the Hong Kong stock market has risen by more than 4% 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T09:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T08:50:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 2nd) The market is optimistic that the possibility of raising interest rates will not be raised this month. %.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Hong Kong Hang Seng Index raised 4.02%, or 733.03 points, and closed at 18949.94 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230602-%E8%81%94%E5%87%86%E4%BC%9A%E6%9C%AC%E6%9C%88%E5%8F%AF%E8%83%BD%E6%9A%82%E4%B8%8D%E5%8D%87%E6%81%AF-%E9%A6%99%E6%B8%AF%E8%82%A1%E5%B8%82%E5%A4%A7%E6%B6%A8%E9%80%BE4 
Biden: Sweden "soon" will join NATO 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T09:27
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T09:27
Description: US President Biden said that Sweden will "soon" will join NATO. He hinted a few days ago that it might reach an agreement to persuade Turkey to agree with Sweden to join the military alliance. Reuters reported that Bayeng's Air Force in Colorado in Colorado on Thursday (June 1) ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国总统', '拜登', '北约', '瑞典']
US President Biden said that Sweden will "soon" will join NATO 。他在数天前暗示可能达成一项协议，说服土耳其同意瑞典加入这个军事联盟。
路透社报道，拜登星期四(6月1日)在科罗拉多州科罗拉多斯普林斯的空军毕业典礼上提醒毕业生，他们将在一个日益不稳定的世界中服役，因为俄罗斯和中国带来了挑战。
拜登说，俄罗斯总统普京试图通过入侵乌克兰来破坏北约，但北约却变得更强大。 他说，芬兰的加入壮大了北约，“很快，还有瑞典。”
拜登说：“我向你们保证，很快就会发生。”但他没有说明细节。
拜登在讲台上把最后一张毕业证书颁给毕业生后突然向前扑倒在地，被三名身边人员扶起。
现年80岁的拜登迅速站起来后自行走回座位。拜登被扶起时指了指身后一个固定提词器的小沙包。 回到白宫后，拜登对记者开玩笑说：“沙包害我。”
白宫联络室主任拉博尔特随后发推文说，拜登在与空军学院毕业生握手时被沙包绊倒，并指拜登没事。
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400448 
Baseball classic race goes out to drink alcohol Korean team 3 players for investigation 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T09:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T09:05:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Seoul, 1st) The South Korean team was eliminated in the World Baseball Classic (WBC) group stage in March this year. Players Jin Guangyi, Li Yongcan and Zheng Zheyuan admitted to drinking during the game today, the Korea Baseball Committee (KBO) is reviewing whether the three people violate the code of conduct.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 
韩国队3月初前往日本东京参赛，韩国球迷对于自家球队抱持高度期待，认为晋级4强有望。
然而，韩国队却在小组赛中接连输给澳洲及地主国日本惨遭淘汰，对上日本的比赛中，甚至以4比13惨败，令支持者备感失望，经典赛冠军最终由日本队拿下。
根据韩国媒体报导，韩国队上有3名投手在关键赛事期间饮酒，韩国棒球委员会随即展开调查。
金广铉、李庸灿与郑哲元本周举行记者会公开致歉，并坦承2度外出饮酒，其中一次是在惨败日本之后。左投金广铉是对上日本队赛事的先发投手。
代表韩国队征战近20年的金牌投手金广铉说：「我现在站在媒体面前，为我在经典赛期间的行为致歉…身为一名资深选手，我对于没能自律且思虑不周感到懊悔。」
金广铉所属球队SSG登陆者(SSG Lander)已将他移出一军。
韩国棒球委员会官员告诉法新社，无论道歉与否，该委员会正在「审查这3人是否违反国家队期待的行为准则」。
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230602-%E6%A3%92%E7%90%83%E7%BB%8F%E5%85%B8%E8%B5%9B%E9%97%B4%E5%A4%96%E5%87%BA%E9%A5%AE%E9%85%92-%E9%9F%A9%E5%9B%BD%E9%98%9F3%E9%80%89%E6%89%8B%E6%8E%A5%E5%8F%97%E8%B0%83%E6%9F%A5 
联合国称有组织犯罪改变了东南亚的贩毒路线 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-02T09:54:06
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T09:54:06
Description: The United Nations warned that the synthetic drug market in Southeast Asia and East Asia is becoming more diverse, and drug trading groups are using new smuggling routes to transport a large number of methamphetamine and other drugs to the entire area.
Images: [" AP23153034849... "]
Topics: ['新闻']
Keywords: ['新闻', '世界', '亚洲']
Type: Article
 At a press conference held in Bangkok, Thailand on June 1, 2023, the police stood behind the seized methamphetamine(Associated Press)The United Nations warned that the synthetic drug market in Southeast Asia and East Asia is becoming more diverse, and drug trading groups are using new smuggling routes to transport a large number of methamphetamine (methamphetamine) and other drugs to the entire area.
The Office of the United Nations Drugs and Crime issues said on the 2nd that nearly 151 tons of methamphetamine and recorded 27.4 tons of ketamine (also known as "K powder") in Southeast Asia and East Asia last year, which increased by 167 from the number of drugs obtained in 2021 167 %.
The Office of Drugs and Crime issues released the latest report on the condition of synthetic drugs in these two regions, and pointed out that in the past 10 years, the number of methamphetamine in Southeast Asia and East Asia will break the record. The level of the new crown epidemic may have little to do with the reduction in production and supply, but it is related to the conversion of new smuggling routes to the traffickers to avoid investigation or interception.
The Office of the United Nations Drugs and Crime Problems pointed out that in order to avoid investigations, organized criminal groups in the "Golden Triangle](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2023/2/18/qa-un-rep-on-opium-boom-in-golden-triangle)"(Refers to a triangular zone in the border areas of Thailand, Myanmar, and Laos, which is basically in a state of no legal supervision) to transfer a large amount of methamphetamine from the region under the military control of central Myanmar to the Andaman Sea. This does not include continuing to continue Smuggling through northern Thailand and Laos.
The Representative of the Office of the United Nations Drug and Crime Office Southeast Asia and the Pacific Region Jerry Douglas(https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2023/2/18/qa-un-rep-on-opium-boom-in-golden-triangle)China pointed out that "organized multinational criminal groups can predict, adapt to and try to avoid government actions. In 2022, we see that they are more active near the Thai border in the Golden Triangle than in the past."
亚洲地区的毒品种植 (news agency)When Douglas used a new route used by the drug trafficking organization and passed through the central Myanmar, "" Few people seem to look at this specific direction. "It should be pointed out that the Burmese military is conducting the more and more military military in the local army. action.
Douglas pointed out in his report that "the supply of central Myanmar itself has also risen significantly, and drug traffickers have begun to quietly transfer drugs to the coastline -these supply is actually transported through the route of Andaman Sea."
Douglas said that the freedom of production and distribution of production and distribution of territorial control, as well as organized criminal groups and locations controlled by armed group partners distributed in the Golden Triangle region, so that these drug manufacturers can "" expand the market and control the market. Increased supply and diversified supply. "
"In other words, the most powerful regional trading network can operate in a high degree to determine that they will not be stopped. Therefore, they can determine the terms and conditions of the market."
According to the Office of the United Nations Drugs and Criminal Issues, although the "Golden Triangle" and Myanmar Bangbang are still the center of synthetic drug production and opium cultivation in the region, some organized criminal groups still protect themselves by establishing new production centers elsewhere elsewhere by establishing new production centers in other places. Risks, and Cambodia is one of them.
Ice drug trade: The coup that happened in Myanmar became a major factor in the surge in drug smuggling(news agency)Douglas said, "Cambodia has become an important transit place for regional drug trade and a manufacturing point to some extent."
He also pointed out that "a series of industrial -level ketamine secret laboratories, processing warehouses and storage facilities were found nationwide in the country, which sounded the alarm for the region and international partners."
The Office of the United Nations Drugs and Crime issues said that South Asia has also more closely integrated into the drug supply market in Southeast Asia. "Blood poison is transported from Myanmar to Bangladesh and enters northeast India, and this frequency is still rising."
The office added that "in the area, the wholesale or street retail prices of methamphetamine remain unchanged in 2022, or fell to the lowest level in history, indicating that the supply of drugs has not been interrupted."
The United Nations agency also pointed out that the regional authorities have also found a large number of goods that mixed methamphetamine and ketamine, which shows that the criminal group is "binding these two drugs to sell to improving the demand for ketamine in the new market."
In a statement, the coordinator of the coordinator of the coordinator of the coordinator of the coordinator of the coordinator of the coordinator of the drug and crime of the United Nations pointed out that "the condition of chlorine in the region reflects in many aspects of the criminal group in the mid-2010-2020 The means of ice poison market. "
Thailand is suffered from greater pressure to regulate the use of medicines such as marijuana(news agency)
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/2023/6/2/%e8%81%94%e5%90%88%e5%9b%bd%e7%a7%b0%e6%9c%89%e7%bb%84%e7%bb%87%e7%8a%af%e7%bd%aa%e6%94%b9%e5%8f%98%e4%ba%86%e4%b8%9c%e5%8d%97%e4%ba%9a%e7%9a%84%e8%b4%a9%e6%af%92%e8%b7%af%e7%ba%bf 
From the Gunno coefficient, the German wealth distribution status (Free Version) 
Authors: ['为FT中文网撰稿']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T09:54:27+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T01:59:99+08:00
Description: Yuan Jie: The latest research report shows that the German Gini coefficient in 2021 decreased slightly compared to ten years ago. Rich families often have real estate, while poor people are saved when they have surplus.
Images: [" 000183186_pic... "]
Themes: ['德国', '关注']
Keywords: ['德国', '德国经济', '分配', '贫富差距']
Type: Article
 Warm reminder from FT Chinese website: If you are interested in the content of more FT Chinese website, please search for "FT Chinese Network" in Apple App Store or Google Application Market and download the official applications of FT Chinese website.
The latest research report of the German Federal Bank shows that the German Geni coefficient in 2021 decreased slightly compared with ten years ago. However, the gap between the rich and the poor will continue to shrink or expand in the future, and it is difficult to predict.
1. Federal Bank Report 
How rich is the Germans? The poor is still the poor, the richer the rich? In April 2023, the Federal Bank of Germany answered these questions in the research report entitled "The Wealth and Finance of the German Private Family".
According to this study, inequality is decreasing. From 2017 to 2021, everyone became richer, especially those with less wealth.
The co-author of this study Hannah Polk Parumkvitz(Hannah Paule-Paludkiewicz)Point out: "Net wealth has increased." The so -called "net wealth" here refers to deducting negative assets such as debt(For example, mortgage)后的资产。
联邦银行研究中心一个团队开展了这项调研。其结果显示，在德国4100万个家庭中，每个家庭2021年的净资产可能达到31.65万欧元，与上一个调查年份2017年相比，增加了约36%。
此外，德国家庭净资产中位数也大幅上升，从2017年的7.08万欧元上升到2021年的10.66万欧元。几乎比2017年增加了51%。
在上述研究报告中，联邦银行不仅调查了德国私人家庭的现金、持股、保险索赔和私人养老金，而且还研究了不动产所有权和公司股份，并涵盖债务。只有法定养老金不包括在内。因此，这项研究比其他一些有关这个问题的调查更加全面。
所调查的年份是2021年。有4119个家庭接受了调查。这是自2010/11年以来的第四次调查。
研究报告的共同作者托比亚斯•施密特(Tobias Schmidt)Simply pointed out: "It has increased in almost all fields." The first is reflected in assets. Especially the assets of half of the families have a significant increase in assets. One -five -fifth of the family, namely net debtor, can repay its 54%debt. In Germany, inequality is decreasing.
The "Wealth and Finance of German Private Family" also mentioned the wealth Gini coefficients of Germany and other euro countries, which are used to measure the fairness of residents' wealth distribution. The larger the Gini coefficient, the worse the gap between the rich and the poor. For Germany, the coefficient in 2021 was 73%; and 10 years ago, the number was 76%.
Nevertheless, Schmidt said: "When comparing with other European countries, the phenomenon of inequality is still very serious." He claimed that in the euro zone, only a few countries were more unequal than Germany. Data show that the Gini coefficients in Italy and Portugal are 68%and 66%, respectively, lower than Germany (73%). Of course, Schmidt also pointed out that the degree of inequality in the United States is higher than Germany.
2. The current situation of the gap between the rich and the poor 
According to the above research report, 10%of the richest families in Germany have a net asset of at least 725,900 euros. This group has an average of 1.77 million euros per household, which is usually invested in real estate, company stocks and securities.
In 2021, the richest 10%of the families had 56%of the total German net assets; ten years ago, this ratio reached 59%, so it accounted for a decrease.
In contrast, half of the families at the bottom, that is, all families with less than 106,600 euros, only have about 3%of the total net assets. Schmidt pointed out that this data is almost unchanged.
The World Unemployment Report 2022 released by the World Inequality Laboratory shows that 10%of the richest people in the world have 75%of the world's wealth, while 50%of the lowest population account for only 2%of wealth.
Although Germany's wealth inequality is not so serious, 50%of families have only 3%of the total net asset value, which is also shocking!
According to analysis, most of the richest families in Germany have real estate. Its assets are mostly invested in enterprises.
The research report pointed out that business owners have a significant than average wealth. The average net wealth of these families exceeded 1 million euros, with a median number of 503,600 euros, and about half of the assets directly came from corporate ownership. The average value of such enterprises is about 502,800 euros. The report states that more and more families appear in southern Germany.
In addition, it is worth noting that although the unification of the two and Germany has passed for decades, there are still obvious differences between East and West in Germany as far as family assets.
In 2021, the net assets of medium -digital families in the eastern region were 43,400 euros, while the western region was 127,900 euros.
This means that the absolute value of the difference in net assets in the middle and east -west areas has increased, and it has risen from 69,100 euros to 84,500 euros. However, due to the low starting point of wealth in the eastern region, it increased by 85%, far higher than 38%of the western region.
It is said that this is also in line with the results of the German government's investigation, that is, the living conditions in the eastern and western regions are further converging over time.
In contrast, it is more likely to have cash, survival deposit accounts and fund savings plans than poor families.
According to Schmidt, in recent years, the share of funds and stocks has also increased. Another trend is determined by the federal bank, that is: the number of unable to save families has decreased.
In 2017, 43%of families claimed to be able to deposit regularly. By 2021, this proportion has increased slightly to 46 %. The proportion of families that claim to be unable to save has declined: from 15%in 2017 to 11%today. In 2014, this ratio was still 20%, almost twice the number of numbers now.
Among the 20%of people with less assets, this decline is particularly obvious. In 2014 and 2017, 48%and 41%of the families claimed that they were unable to save. But in 2021, this proportion has dropped to 33%.
According to analysis, during the new crowns, people cannot spend so much money due to strict epidemic prevention measures, so they tend to put some money aside. The family savings rate has risen.
However, the increase in the increase in the number of savings families is the impact of the new crown epidemic or a sustainable development. It is yet to be observed.
In terms of savings, "preparation for the elderly" and "emergency preparation" still dominate. Of course, there have also been small changes.
Compared with 2017, these two reasons are called the most important motivation in 2021. About 32%of the families mentioned that year mentioned the same preparations for the emergency situation, which is the same as in 2014. In 2017, the ratio was 29%.
Of course, this development does not mean that in the process of experiencing the new crown epidemic in 2020 and 2021, German families need to prepare for emergency situations. This is because in the past two years, many families have safely spent the epidemic, and there are no major problems in financial.
3.财富变动趋势 
当然，联邦银行上述研究报告所显示的数据还是两年前的。新冠危机已被纳入考虑范围。此外，还考虑到当时轻微的通货膨胀。
但从那时起，物价上涨了，有时甚至急剧上升。欧洲中央银行则通过连续加息来抗击通胀。银行信贷变得更加昂贵。股票市场也下跌了一段时间。所有这些都影响到了资产。联邦银行研究中心负责人法尔科•费希特(Falko Fecht)It is difficult to say that these influences are still difficult to estimate.
Of course, at least it has a new figure of all private household financial assets: from the end of 2021 to the end of 2022, it has dropped by 8.2%, mainly stock prices and pension benefits. At the same time, debt is increasing.
And if the stock price falls, this mainly affects those who hold a lot of stocks, and this is often a richer German citizen. On the other hand, for those who have the money to pass the money or open a current deposit account, according to the federal bank, these people are often not rich, and the bank's interest rate hikes benefit them.
However, it is worth noting that data released by the German Federal Statistics Bureau on April 27 showed that, compared with 2021, German employees' actual salary in 2022 fell 4.0%. This decline greatly exceeded 3.1%of the preliminary prediction before.
It is said that this is the largest decline since the statistics began in 2008, and it was the third consecutive year. Of course, the decline in the first two years of the new crowns was much smaller: in 2020 and 2021, only 1.1%and 0.1%, respectively.
The reason is mainly influenced by Russian and Ukraine's conflict, and Germany's inflation has soared.
In 2022, the price of consumers rose by an average of 6.9%, which greatly exceeded the growth of wages. In other words, although German employees increased their salary last year, the money in their pockets was less than in the past, because the increase in salary growth could not offset the pressure of rising goods and services.
For 2023, many experts expect the actual salary will continue to fall, because the inflation rate is still high. This may once again devour many employees' salary growth
Federal banks say those who are not too rich often have money in the bank. The German TV No. 2 website said on February 7 this year, saying: "There are more money in the bank account, but the purchasing power is lower: due to inflation, the salary in 2022 has obviously depreciated."
In order to fight against inflation, on May 4, 2023, the European Central Bank raised interest rates again of 25 basis points. This is the seventh rate hike since the central bank since July 21, 2022. Key interest rates have now increased to 3.75%.
But the inflation rate is still much higher than the bank interest rate. At present, the German government is expected to be 5.9%this year, and it will not fall to 2.7%until 2024.
In addition, the beneficiary of interest rate hikes is mainly the banking industry, not the store, because they can quickly increase the loan interest rate, not the deposit interest rate. As a result, the money in the banks in the bank is still depreciating, which is also indisputable.
Today, all walks of life have generally reached an agreement to increase wages, and the increase is not small. However, such agreements have increased the risk of wages-price spiral increase, which may continue to enhance inflation pressure. Economists call this phenomenon "the second round effect".
The federal bank mentioned in the monthly report of this year that the rise in wages will further promote the rise. Experts wrote: "It is foreseeable that the second round of effects will have a significant impact on the price."
The rise in the price has brought an incomparable burden to those who do not have much money, and the remaining money has become less, and they have to take out the deposit.
It can be seen that German society is facing severe challenges, and wealth distribution is also changing. Although the German Gini coefficient in 2021(73%)With ten years ago(76%)Compared with a slight decrease, as mentioned above, compared with other European countries, it is still quite high.
In the next few years, whether the gap between the rich and the poor continues to shrink, or it will be expanded, it is unknown. However, according to data released by the Federal Bureau of Statistics on May 16, a total of 17.3 million people in Germany in 2022(Equivalent to 20.9% of the total population)Facing the risk of poverty or being excluded by society.
Once the rich with real estate and capital is becoming richer and richer, while the actual salary of the working class has continued to shrink, and its bank deposits continue to depreciate, then the phenomenon of "the richer the rich, the more poor the poor" will occur. Essence
Fortunately, the Federal Bank will investigate the wealth and financial status of German families in 2024, and then people will get more accurate information.
_ _ 吧 (Note: Dr. Yuan Jie is a Chinese scholar in Germany. This article only represents the author's personal point of view. Responsible for the mailbox bo.liu@ftchinese.com) _
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099842 
Why is it difficult to "thaw" in the short term of US -China relations in the short term? 
Creator: NICOLE HONG
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:00:30+08:00
Description: Despite returning to the negotiating table on some issues, the Chinese government's attitude is getting harder. Beijing expressed doubts about Washington's sincerity, adopted measures to fight back to the US technical export control, and also asked to cancel sanctions against Chinese officials. Manish Swarup/Associated Press Beijing rejected the invitation of the United States Minister of Defense Li Shangfu and US Secretary of Defense Louger at the Singapore Security Forum this weekend.
Images: [" 00china-us-pl... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 In the past few weeks, the frequent meeting of US -China officials seems to indicate that the two countries are trying to ease tension. Prior to this, China and the United States complained about each other and stopped high -level contact for several months, which caused people to worry about the risk of conflict -whether the conflict was due to accidents or other reasons.
The earliest US National Security Consultant Sarawan met with Wang Yi, the highest diplomat in Vienna in May this year. Then the first cabinet -level talks of the highest business officials in the two countries in Washington for several months. The Chinese Ambassador to the United States also arrived in Washington last week, and finally filled the positions that had been vacant since January this year.
However, while Beijing returned to the negotiating table on some issues, the Chinese government also came up with a more tough attitude, allowing President Biden President Biden to predict the US -China relations last month " Trust "It becomes more complicated. China’s sincerity of Washington Expressing doubt , And adopted its own restrictions to fight back to the US technical export control, and also required the United States to cancel sanctions against Chinese officials.
The Pentagon said this week that Beijing rejected the invitation of the United States Minister of Defense Li Shangfu and US Secretary of Defense Louger Austin at the Singapore Security Conference this weekend. Last Friday, a Chinese fighter was approaching an American reconnaissance aircraft over the South China Sea. It passed directly from the head of the US aircraft. The U.S. military described this operation as "no need to fight."
advertise
"China often regards senior leaders who contact it as a reward for obedience, rather than creating a tool for stable or solving differences," Tang An Zhu, who once served as an official in China in the United States(DrewThompson)说，他现在是新加坡国立大学李光耀公共政策学院的研究员。“想安排见面，就必须接受中国的条件。”
五角大楼称，中国拒绝让两国防长本周在新加坡举行的香格里拉对话会上见面，是北京不愿就军事问题进行接触的一个“令人担忧的”例子。李书福今年3月出任国防部长，自2018年以来，他因为从俄罗斯购买军事装备而一直受到美方制裁。五角大楼官员表示，这些制裁并不妨碍李书福与奥斯汀会晤。
但中国认为，制裁中国官员有碍两国关系的改善。中国外交部发言人毛宁称，华盛顿应该解除对李书福的制裁，“为中美两军对话沟通创造必要的氛围和条件”。她周二重申了中国的立场，如果华盛顿想恢复两军对话，就应该“立即纠正错误做法”。
上海复旦大学国际关系学教授沈丁立表示，中国不想在其认为有失尊严的情况下与美国官员见面。
“我们要在相互尊重的基础上举行会晤，”沈丁立说。“我们希望美方解除制裁，通过相互让步寻求妥协。”
近年来，美国对一些中国官员和公司实施制裁，指控他们侵犯人权、从事技术间谍活动，以及一系列其他问题。
亚太经济合作组织年度论坛将于今年11月在旧金山举行，人们将密切关注拜登与中国领导人习近平是否会在论坛期间见面，因此美中都有动力在论坛召开前为双方关系寻求更稳定的基础。尽管两国政府都已表示希望停止双方关系的螺旋式下降，(今年2月美国击落了一个疑似 中国间谍气球 The flying objects worsen the relationship), but the motivation for improving the relationship between the two parties is not consistent.
Austin, Minister of Commerce Raymond, and Secretary of State Brillings at the US -China relations hearing held in May of the Senate. Andrew Harnik/Associated Press
U.S. officials want to establish a smooth communication channel with China. As the military aircraft interception incidents were shown last week, the army of the two countries often patrolled in a controversial area (such as the South China Sea), increasing the risk of accidental conflict. Austin said on Thursday that some activities of China in international airspace and waters are "provocative." (Beijing accuses US aircraft and ships from being too close to the Chinese border.)
Biden suggested setting up a "guardrail" to prevent the sudden turn of the US -China competition. However, Chinese officials rejected the suggestion that it was the efforts of Washington to curb and suppress China.
advertise
"No dialogue brings unacceptable risks to both parties," Ge Laiyi, Director of the Asian Project Director of the Marshall Foundation in the United States(BonnieGlaser)Said, including the risk of "conflict on the Taiwan issue".
The United States has also seen the potential of deepening cooperation with China in the problems of slowing climate change and reducing the debt of poor countries. These two competitors are more likely to find common points in these fields, rather than sensitive military and security.
President Biden suggested to set up a "guardrail" for fierce competition between the United States and China to prevent unintentional conflicts. Doug Mills/The New York Times
Biden's climate special envoy Kerry said last month that China had invited him to "recently" visit. Minister of Finance Yellen was also in April this year Represents ，她希望访问中国，并呼吁建立“建设性”和“健康”的经济关系。
对中国来说，重启与美国的贸易谈判能帮助国内的经济复苏。实行了三年严格的“新冠清零”政策后，中国今年的经济复苏并不均衡，出口增长已有所放缓。地缘政治紧张局势，加上政府把注意力放在国家安全上， 导致了一个不确定的商业环境 Essence
"What we want to discuss is how to export to the United States without harming US national security and how the United States enters the Chinese market without respecting China," said Shen Dingli of Fudan University.On Tuesday, Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang and Musk met the Chinese government's point of view when meeting with Musk, that is, the "health, stability, and constructive" Sino -US relations are beneficial to the two countries and the world. Qin Gang said that the two countries need to know when to "step on the brakes" in the development of good development to avoid "dangerous driving" and when to "step on the accelerator".
Tesla CEO Elon Musk is in Beijing this week. After implementing the three -year epidemic prevention and control measures, China has always tried to indicate that it has returned to normal. Tingshu Wang/Reuters
The Biden government announced in October last year to prevent China from getting key technologies in the United States (如半导体)的全面限制措施，中国为抵制这些措施，也可能感受到了与美国接触的压力。中国对华盛顿动员日本和荷兰等盟友一起切断向中国出口芯片的努力感到愤怒，美国的做法已损害了中国经济。
中国政府上周宣布禁止某些公司购买美国微芯片制造商 美光科技 Products, this seems to be a revenge in analysts.
advertise
"When China talks about a stable relationship, it is often more for the United States to reduce the strategic pressure on China," Han Lei, who once served as the director of the Chinese Affairs of the National Security Council in the Bush administration and the Obama administration,(PaulHaenle)explain. "They want the United States to stop sanctions and cancel export control."
Even if the negotiations are restarted, some problems may be difficult or unsolved. Washington has repeatedly warned that if China provides a fatal weapon for Ukraine War in the Ukrainian war, it will lead to serious consequences. Analysts say that the political actions against China may restrict the space for the Bayeng government to reconcile efforts.
A comment article published by the Communist Party's main newspaper "People's Daily" last week stated that Ambassador Xie Feng arrived in Washington on May 23 and "pulled back the tension from the edge of the cliff, which signs signs of relaxation in Sino -US relations."
However, the article also accused the US decision makers of destroying the relationship between the two countries, saying that the improvement of the relationship depends on whether Washington is willing to "avoid damage to mutual trust, avoid misunderstanding of misjudgment, and take specific steps to fulfill their promises."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230602/china-us-relations-thaw/ 
Huang's environmental protection person in charge of tax evasion of Vietnam is detained 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T09:50:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hanoi, 2nd) Hoang THI MINH HONG, a Vietnamese environment, said today that the Vietnamese authorities have detained Huang's Ming Hong on the grounds of suspected tax evasion. This is the latest Vietnamese environmental protection person facing such allegations.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Huang's Minghong is the founder of the non -governmental organization, which has been dissolved, and was detained in Ho Chi Minh City on May 31. Change set up the purpose to solve some of Vietnam's most urgent environmental problems.
Huang Rongnan (transliteration) told AFP: "I can determine that Huang's Minghong has been charged with tax evasion and has been temporarily detained since May 31."
Huang's Minghong founded Change in 2013, focusing on mobilizing Vietnamese, especially young people to take action to deal with urgent environmental problems, including climate change, illegal wildlife transactions and pollution.
The 50 -year -old Huang Minghong's achievements in environmental protection have been widely recognized. She joined the Obama Foundation Scholarsprograms of the University of Columbia in New York in 2018 and was "Forbes" by the financial media "Forbes". ) Selected one of the 50 most influential Vietnamese women in 2019.
Huang's Minghong was forced to close Change at the end of last year, because the Vietnamese authoritarian government sentenced 4 environmental protection in prison for tax evasion, including Nguy Thi Khanh, Mai Phanloi (transliteration), and Bach (BACH HUNG DUONG, transliteration) and Deng Tingbai (transliteration).
Human Rights Watch, the deputy director of Asia, said, "Vietnam's selective use of fuzzy and flawed tax laws," Vietnam's selective use of fuzzy and flawed tax laws, for political motivation to prosecute environmentalists and climate change activities. This is an extremely disturbing. new development."
Ruan Shiqing is a global recognized climate and energy activist. In 2018, the Goldman EnvironmentalPrize, known as the "Green Nobel Prize". She was released last month after a sentence of serving.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E9%81%AD%E6%8E%A7%E9%80%83%E7%A8%8E-%E8%B6%8A%E5%8D%97%E7%8E%AF%E4%BF%9D%E4%BA%BA%E5%A3%AB%E9%BB%84%E6%B0%8F%E6%98%8E%E7%BA%A2%E8%A2%AB%E6%8B%98%E6%8A%BC 
The US Senate's approval of the upper limit of debt will enable the United States to avoid defaults (Free Version) 
Author: Siobhan Hughes / Lindsay Wise / David Harrison
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:05:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T10:05:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T02:19:00.000Z
Description: The US Senate passed a wide range of legislation on Thursday, suspended US $ 3.14 trillion in debt limit and reduced federal expenditure. It promoted the President Biden and the Speaker of the House of Representatives McCarthy to avoid unprecedented US defaulted two -party agreement.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
The U.S. Senate passed a extensive legislation on Thursday, suspended US $ 3.1.4 trillion in debt limit and reduced federal expenditure, and promoted the president Biden(Biden)和众议院议长麦卡锡(Kevin McCarthy)达成的旨在避免前所未有的美国违约的两党协议。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%8F%82%E8%AE%AE%E9%99%A2%E6%89%B9%E5%87%86%E6%8F%90%E9%AB%98%E5%80%BA%E5%8A%A1%E4%B8%8A%E9%99%90-%E5%B0%86%E4%BD%BF%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E9%81%BF%E5%85%8D%E8%BF%9D%E7%BA%A6-2e85944a 
拜登出席活动时再度绊倒，或加剧外界对其年龄质疑 
Creator: MICHAEL D. SHEAR
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:05:53+08:00
Description: Biden tripped on Thursday after issuing a certificate to the Graduate of the Air Force, and was quickly lifted up. The White House said that the president felt that the body was "completely fine", but the incident could still increase the question of whether voters could be re -elected. Doug Mills/The New York Times on Thursday, President Bayeng tripped the ground after presented a graduation certificate to the Grand School of the Colorado Air Force.
Images: [" 01dc-bidenfal... "]
Category: 美国
Type: Article
 On Thursday, President Biden tripped to the ground after he gave a speech at the Sprins School of the Air Force of Colorado and issued a certificate to his graduates. Bynden, 80, stood up with the help of others and looked back quickly.
The video of Biden fell on the social media. He seemed to be stumbled, then kneeling on the ground, and his hands supported on the podium floor. Subsequently, he was lifted up by several Air Force officials and agents of the Special Service and walked back to his seat.
Prior to the issuance of a graduation certificate, Biden delivered a vibrant speech to the Air Force graduates. He fell after issuing his last graduation certificate and was brought back to his seat.
"He is good," the White House Communication Director Benrabord said on Twitter on Thursday afternoon. "When he shook hands, there was a sandbag on the stage."
For the president, it is not uncommon for embarrassing moments, and they spend most of the time in front of the camera during the term of office. President Gerald Ford was played by comedians many times during his presidential trip.
The same is true of President Trump. The day before his 74th birthday in 2020, when he stepped down from the podium after the graduation ceremony of the West Point Military Academy, his pace was slow and stagnant, which also caused the online guessing of its health.
Biden is the oldest president in the United States so far. He still hopes that voters will support him to be re -elected until the age of 86. For him, the fall at the graduation ceremony on Thursday may increase his questioning of his physical condition.
Doctors of the White House admitted that with the age of age, Biden's gait was obviously stiff, and walking is slower and more unstable. He used to fall in the past: In February this year, he stumbled when he left Warsaw ascending the "Air Force One", but supported himself with his hands.
Republicans seized Thursday's incident as evidence that Biden was not suitable for public office. Some people used spoof pictures or videos to express their views online.
But including many of his staff, people who have close relationships with Biden insist that he is still very healthy, even in a long and difficult time, he is often energetic. They said that he exercised every day without heavy weights.
Biden himself acknowledged that questions about his age are reasonable. Before triples on Thursday, he added a joke about his age in his speech to his graduate.
"300 years ago, when I graduated from high school, I applied for the Naval Academy," his speech caused a laugh.
The White House press secretary Karin Pillr was with Biden to return to Washington in Washington, from Colorado, and told reporters that the president felt that his body was "completely fine."
After returning to Washington, Biden looked good. After hitting the aircraft door frame, he talked to the reporter about the fall of this fall outside the White House, saying that he was "blocked by a sandbag", and he jumped out of the siege, but was surrounded again.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/usa/20230602/biden-fall-air-force-commencement/ 
声网加入中国科技公司拆分潮流 (Free Version) 
Authors: ['咏竹坊']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T10:06:41+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T06:00:99+08:00
Description: 这家实时互动服务供应商将拆分成两个部门，一个专注中国市场，另一个主攻国际业务。
Images: [" 000146721_pic... "]
Themes: ['专栏', '咏竹坊', '关注']
Keywords: ['咏竹坊', '声网', '科技公司', '社交媒体']
Type: Article
 
作者阳歌，本文只代表作者本人观点。 
2023年正迅速成为中国科技公司的“拆分年”，声网(API.US)Become the latest company to join this trend. The real -time interactive service provider announced that it has been split into two parts, one of which focuses on China and the other is focusing on business outside China.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099845 
Shu Mo: The Senate will avoid US debt defaults 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:07
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T10:07
Description: Most leader of the United States Senate said that the Senate "will avoid US debt default on Thursday (June 1) (Singapore time on Friday morning)." Reuters reported that Democratic Party's Schu Mo said that the Senate will vote on Thursday evening on Thursday night Voting, suspend the US government 3 ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国参议院', '民主党', '债务违约', '拜登']
美国参议院多数党领袖舒默说，参议院“将在星期四(6月1日)晚上(新加坡时间星期五上午)避免美国 债务违约 Essence "
Reuters reports that Democratic Party's Shu Mo said that Senate will vote on Thursday night to suspend US government's US $ 3.1.4 trillion (approximately S $ 423 trillion) Federal debt limit bill.
Shu Mo said that 100 senators of the Senate reached an agreement, arguing on up to 11 amendments, and then voting to pass the bill immediately.
If the plan is successful, Congress will quickly submit the bill to President Biden to sign into effect to avoid debt defaults.
U.S. Financial Minister Yellen recently warned that the Ministry of Finance predicts that if the debt limit cannot be raised or suspended as soon as possible, the Ministry of Finance will exhaust the funds by June 5, causing catastrophic debt defaults.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400452 
China -made large aircraft C919: Can the success of the high -speed rail be copied? 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:07:31.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T10:07:31.000Z
Description: The key components such as the engine of large aircraft are still dependent on Europe and the United States. Some opinions believe that under the increasingly tense geopolitical pattern, it is at all time to facing the danger of technical "stuck neck" at any time.
Images: []
Videos: [" zh-hans "]
Tags: ['金融财经', '技术新知', '创新', '中國', '美国', '航空旅行', '欧洲联盟', '航空事故和事件']
Type: Article
China -made large aircraft C919: Can you copy the success of the high -speed rail? 
10:07 am on June 2, 2023 [VIDEO-Link:/WS/AV-Embeds/CPS/ZHONGWEN/SIMP/Business-65787318/P0FR1K02/ZH-HansS]](https://www.bbc.com/ws/av-embeds/cps/zhongwen/simp/business-65787318/p0fr1k02/zh-hans) Your equipment does not support playing multimedia materials video plus injection text,
China ’s first domestic passenger aircraft C919 first sailed on May 28. Nearly 130 passengers took a flight from Shanghai Hongqiao Airport to Beijing Capital Airport from Shanghai Hongqiao Airport to Beijing Capital Airport.
On May 28, China ’s first domestic large aircraft C919 successfully achieved its first commercial flight and flew from Shanghai to Beijing. This aircraft was manufactured by the state -owned COMAC (Comac), from 2007 to its first commercial sailing in 2023, which lasted for 15 years. 
China hopes that this plane will break the monopoly between Boeing and Airbus, and will share a share in the trillion -level aviation market. Even the success of the Chinese high -speed railway -2004 high -speed railway items to 2018, 38,000 kilometers in 14 years, accounting for 70 % of the global high -speed rail mileage, and became the "business card" made by China's high -end manufacturing, and began to output.
However, the large aircraft is different from the high -speed rail. The latter through technical transfer, digestion, and upgrading through technical transfer, digestion and upgrading in just three or four years, key components such as large aircraft engines are still dependent on Europe and the United States. It is believed that under the increasingly tense geopolitical pattern, it is always in danger of the technology "card neck" at any time.
BBC sort out information, interviews experts, analyzes the unique advantages and disadvantages of China's large aircraft, and tries to answer a question -Can Chinese aircraft replicate the success of the high -speed rail?
What is C919? 
In 2007, the Chinese government established large aircraft and formed the "COMAC" company. Three years later (October 2010), the new company with a state -owned assets submitted the C919 model qualification certificate application to the Civil Aviation Administration of China. The aircraft officially entered the public sight for the first time.
After only five years of R & D and manufacturing, in November 2015, the first aircraft of C919 was launched, but at this time, the real development was earlier -the aircraft originally scheduled to be delivered in 2016 was extended due to various problems due to various problems. Later, it did not succeed in the first flight until May 2017.
After the successful flight, the C919 entered the test flight and verification stage. It took five years. By September 29, 2022, the model qualification certificate was obtained, which proved that the design of the C919 was met. , Six of them participating in test flight subjects participating in power, performance, control, and two tests participating in static tests, fatigue tests and other tests.
At the end of 2022, COMAC officially delivered the first C919 to China Oriental Airlines. Five months later, C919 flew from Shanghai to Beijing and opened its first flight. From May 29th, the C919 will take MU9197 as the flight number, traveling between Shanghai Hongqiao Airport and Chengdu Tianfu Airport daily.
C919 is not the first show of the Chinese Shangfei aircraft. According to the official statement, the development route of China's civil aviation industry is three steps -branch aircraft, single -channel trunk aircraft, and dual -channel large -scale trunk aircraft.
Among them, the first step is the smaller ARJ21 line passenger plane. It was put into operation in 2015 and deployed more than 200 routes in China.
How far is the Boeing Huali Hasing Passenger Airlines nearly clear China ’s domestic C919 from the road of aviation hegemony? 
Image source, getty image
Image adding text,
China C919.
The C919 is a step in the middle, that is, a single channel trunk aircraft. It is also a large passenger aircraft developed in accordance with the international aircraft standard at the beginning of the design. The longest range is about 5,500 kilometers. There are 158 to 168 seats in the cabin. A single channel is divided into both sides, 3 on each side.
Advantage —— "Unified Market" 
The special feature of the C919 is that its design is the best -selling airline A320 and Boeing 737, and this type of model is the best -selling, accounting for nearly 80 % of the two companies' delivery. Among this best -selling model, China is the largest buyer -China's airline orders account for about a quarter of market demand.
It is worth noting that in China, airlines are completely state -owned. There are more than 60 passenger airlines operating in China. All private capitals or holdings are 9, such as spring and autumn, auspiciousness, and Huaxia. Southern Airlines occupied half of the Chinese market.
In addition, when airlines introduced aircraft, about half of them were not purchased directly, but through aircraft leasing. Several of China's largest aircraft leasing companies, such as ICBC Leasing, Traffic Bank Financial Leasing, Guobi Airlines, AVIC International Leasing, and International Leasing, and International Leasing,, International Leasing, International Leasing, International Leasing, International Leasing, International Leasing, and International Leasing of AVIC. Recruitment of Bank of Financial Leasing, as well as Chinese aircraft leasing in Hong Kong, all have the background of state -owned or state -owned commercial banks.
Similar situations also appeared during the development of high -speed rail. Under the leadership of state -owned assets, the power of "the hands of policies" is stronger than the "hand of the market."
"China Railway Economy Strategy" author Xie Xiaowen said in the book that China's "unified" management model has a natural institutional advantage for better construction and development of high -speed railways.
Xie Xiaowen believes that the management model of "unification" is the national management model of "unification" on the one hand, and on the other hand, the "unified" railway management model. For China, both. Under this model, we can maximize and maximize the advantages of people's property, and to develop national infrastructure in huge quantitative and efficiently.
He also cited an example that the construction process of the 109 -kilometer HS1 railway in the UK involved a series of problems such as land acquisition, public consultation, and environmental protection, which took 16 years; the United States passed the California high -speed rail construction expenses in 2008 and 10 years. , Still in the research budget stage.
An industry insider who has worked in a Chinese aviation industry related company and is currently engaged in independent research summarizes the BBC in Chinese that the biggest advantage of the C919 is not cheap, nor technology advanced, but it is produced by China because China is the world in the world. The market with the largest demand, C919 is the most demand model, and the main body of this market is "national character".
考虑到中国每年新增飞机在一百到两百架之间，商飞仅满足这些订单，就需要开足马力生产十年，总额达到1000亿美金的规模。
需求——“中美脱钩”的催化 
从2018年中美贸易战开始，中国和西方国家的对立愈发严重，这种对立集中体现在芯片行业——美国不仅自身禁止向中国销售高端芯片和制造设备，还联合日本和荷兰，共同完成对中国的芯片及制造设备的联合禁运。
对于完全依赖波音和空客两个欧美巨头的大飞机市场，这种类似的“脱钩”已然发生。
Image source, Reuters/Lindsey Wasson
Image adding text,
In September 2019, after Boeing 737mAX was banned by the US Air Administration of FAA, the 737 MAX of airlines from various countries in Grant County, Washington, Washington, Washington. (Information picture)
Last year, the Boeing Company of the United States announced a total of 480 aircraft in 2022. Compared with its largest competitors Airbus, the largest competitor Airbus delivered a total of 661 aircraft. The gap between the two is mainly reflected in the Chinese market. Last year, Boeing delivered eight planes to China, while Airbus delivered more than 100.
In October last year, Boeing said that there are currently 138 other aircraft manufactured by Chinese airlines waiting to be delivered in the United States. However, in view of the fact that Chinese airlines will accept these planes in the short term, Boeing has begun to resold these aircraft to sell them to soldiers to soldiers to Other airlines. Boeing CEO DaveCalhouse said that he hopes to deliver more aircraft in China in the end, but "it is really difficult to find a signal, indicating that the situation in China will change and move towards (benefit) Our direction development. "
However, contrary to the logic of "decoupling" on the chip, the large aircraft, as the "Pearl on the Crown" as the industrial system, has a high value -added, obvious prying for the economy. China chooses to buy less Boeing, while producing its own large aircraft, and more more than more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more, more, and more. Multi -consideration is the need for domestic economic transformation and upgrading.
In May 2005, then the then Chinese Minister of Commerce Bo Xilai stated at a conference in Paris, France that "China only sells 800 million shirts to import a Airbus A380." At that time, the two backgrounds were: a large number of Chinese textiles entered the European Union, causing the latter to panic; just a week ago, Airbus's A380 was successful.
Although Bo Xilai was dismissed in the political struggle seven years later, his words have been widely circulated for many years since then, attracting the shame of "Made in China". Regardless of whether it is C919 in 2017 or delivered in 2022, Chinese media often say that "the" 800 million shirts to change a plane 'will become history "in reporting, and there are many official media in China.
According to Corporate's own outlook, in the next 20 years, C919, a single -channel jet passenger aircraft, has a market space of 10 trillion yuan in China, and the global market is 4.4 times that of the Chinese market size.
The above -mentioned industry insiders said that China is now engaged in "abandoning the United States and Europe" in aircraft procurement. In fact, the order is finally returned to Europe and the United States, but C919 can be used to seize the domestic market of 10 trillion yuan in ten years. Till trillion international markets, and "more chips on negotiating tables."
Image source, getty image
Image adding text,
On May 28, China's C919 took off from Shanghai and opened its first commercial flight.
Lack -the engine is still made in Europe and the United States 
SKIP PODCAST and Continue Reading Podcast BBC current affairs one week newsweek(Cantonese) BBC International Taiwan Cantonese Program, revisit international events, news on both sides of the strait, and the situation in Britain. There are special sections: "Reporter Lai Hong", "British Life" and "Chinese Talking about the World".
separation
End of podcast
In the celebration of C919's first flight, the biggest questioning is that China has "created an aircraft shell and has no core technology."
This is aimed at the engine used by the C919. Specifically, it is the Leap-X1C turbofan engine jointly developed by the United States Ge Aviation and the French Safran AirCraftenne. It belongs to the same series as A320.
The above -mentioned industry insiders said that this is not completely right, because even if the engine comes from Europe and the United States, there are still many parts with high difficulty and high technology content. For example Sexual; for example, a large number of controls such as control and avionics in the control system are very difficult and need to be tested one by one; even in the materials, China has made new gras in pottery aluminum materials, which is better than the materials used in Europe and the United States. Essence
"Although the localization rate is 60%, the entire aircraft of the C919 is still very strong, otherwise the Japanese industrial capacity, science and technology level, and the relationship with European and American countries will not fail to test the large water aircraft several times." The above People said.
However, C919 always needs to rely on Europe and the United States on the engine with the highest technical content and the most difficulty. This has been mentioned again that China has frequently faced the "stuck neck" problem that China has frequently faced in the past.
In fact, this concern has become a reality to a certain extent. When Trump was the president of the United States, he considered prohibiting exporting the Leap engine to China in 2020. Although the ban failed to take effect in the end, the current export permit of General Corporation was only 2025, and it was still a problem to continue exporting.
Chen Gong, the founder of Anbang Think Tank, said that it is difficult for large commercial passenger aircraft to produce all parts and components alone, and this industry has not occurred. Even today’s Airbus, Boeing, and Macao in the past They are all manufactured by outsourcing. The close cooperation is the basic form of the aviation manufacturing industry. This will not change because of the C919 to heaven. For a long time, Chinese passenger planes still need to rely on foreign manufacturers' products. This is a normal phenomenon and a normal production method.
After the United States included China COMAC in the "physical list" restricted to export in January 2021, it deleted it from the list five months later, confirming Chen Gong's point of view to a certain extent.The subtext is that even if the U.S. government does not find faults, it is difficult to accept the intellectual property rights of existing companies during the C919 localization process.
Similar situations also occur during the construction of the Chinese high -speed rail. For example, Japan ’s Kawasaki Heavy Industry has stated that if the content of China's high -speed rail applied for patents overseas with China and Chuanzaki Heavy Industry’ s contract on the export of Shinkansen's technology exports will be considered, and a lawsuit will be considered in infringement of China ’s high -speed rail.
"This can also reflect the biggest difference between high -speed rail and large aircraft. The high -speed rail is the main method of transportation in China, and the large aircraft is the main international transportation method. In China, how to build it, but the aircraft flying abroad has to worry about international traffic. Standards, rules and systems, "said the industry.
Image source, getty image
Image adding text,
C919 successfully landed in Beijing and enjoyed the highest courtesy "water gate" in the aviation industry.
Key -the confidence of the brand's establishment 
Experts believe that the current C919 is far from challenging Boeing and Airbus. The C919 comparison Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 series passenger aircraft have no advantages in terms of aerodynamics, energy consumption and maintenance. The longest flight mileage is only more than 5,500 kilometers, shorter than 6,900 kilometers of A320neo and 737max.
C919 has only price advantages. Eastern Airlines disclosed that the price of C919 was 99 million US dollars, and the price of Airbus and Boeing was about $ 110 million and about $ 120 million.
However, the price difference of 10%-20%is far from making up for the lack of C919. Markuskeiper said that the biggest challenge of COMAC may be its brand. If Airbus and Boeing have an ultimate advantage, it is a brand that they can recognize after 50 and 100 years of development.
The confidence brought by this brand is the huge global maintenance system that runs and maintains 12,000 aircraft behind it. Kaip believes that there is no brand image outside China outside China, and it takes decades to establish positive brand cognition and loyalty. If the Chinese Commercial Flying strategically chooses price competition, it will be considered cheap, which is not desirable in the aviation industry. To obtain a sense of advanced through design, security, service, customization and innovation, a large amount of investment and cost will be required.
So, where is the future of a large domestic aircraft?
Looking back at history, the only "century -old store" in the field of commercial large aircraft is Boeing. The company established in 1916 is nearly 90%of the market share in half a century.
Until 1970, many European countries formed an air passenger car company, and there was only one task: defeating Boeing. At that time, Boeing's market share was 87%.
After nearly half a century, 47 years later, Airbus finally exceeded 50%of the market share in 2017, and in the following four years, it led the delivery of Boeing.
Image source, CNS
Image adding text,
Photos photos of the first aircraft of the C919 passenger aircraft in Pudong base in Shanghai.
After the emergence of COMAC, how often can this "double -headed monopoly" market become a "three -point world"?
Reuters quoted industry analysts that in the face of the monopoly position of Boeing and Airbus, it would take ten years to want to challenge them practically. During the period, it is also necessary to build a stable maintenance system from scratch to improve the training of maintenance personnel, management system, and aviation material guarantee system.
The above -mentioned industry insiders have further stated that if China wants to achieve the "three -point world" in the field of large aircraft in the field of large aircraft, China also needs nearly half a century. It has been more than ten years since the establishment of the COSCO to the present, and it will take 30 years in the future:
In the first ten years, C919 needs to maintain a record of safe sailing and successfully deliver domestic orders. As long as it is successful in the Chinese market and Boeing and Airbus, it is successful.
In the second ten years, on the next generation or the next generation of large planes, increase the localization rate, and install the domestic "Yangtze River -1000A engine", which significantly reduces the price. Global operation and maintenance system.
The third decade is the process of gradually rising global delivery, and eventually reached the situation with Airbus and Boeing's "three -pointers world".
What I have to mention is that any safety accident will disrupt this process. Chen Gong proposed his own concerns. He believes that some "satellites" and "Great Leap Forward" in C919 have seen in the C919. For example, at the beginning of this year, the flight was terminated due to the engine failure. Hidden danger? How high is the safety coefficient of C919? This is a deeply confusing thing.
Similar problems have occurred during the progress of high -speed rail construction. The rear -end accident of the Yingtaiwen Railway train that occurred in 2011 has allowed the national high -speed rail to reduce speed and stop construction for many years. The above -mentioned industry insiders said, "This is what I said for thirty years, and the process of confidence can only be rely on time, and others are not good."
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/business-65787318 
Taiwan and the United States Trade initiative signed an agreement in China to approve the "empty principle of emptying one China" 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T10:19:00Z
Description: Regardless of China's opposition, the United States officially signed the first agreement with the "21st Century Trade initiative" with Taiwan on Thursday to deepen bilateral economic and trade cooperation. The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs accused the United States of accusing the United States as "the latest example of blurring and emptying a Chinese principle."
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['南希·佩洛西', '奥巴马', '专题报道：习近平访美', '岛屿主权争端', '马英九', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '专题报道：2016年台湾大选', '台湾', '美国']
Keywords: ['台湾', '美国', '21世纪贸易倡议', '贸易倡议', '两岸', '中美关系', '台美关系']
Id: 65803608
(Voice of Germany Chinese) According to a statement issued by the two governments, the Taiwan representative Xiao Meiqin in the United States and the US Executive Director of the United States (AIT) In the Taiwan Association (AIT), the executive director of the Taiwan Association (AIT), Interidlarson (June 1), officially signed " The 21st Century Trade Initiative "(U.S.-TAIWAN Initiative on 21st-CENTURYTRADE) was the first batch of agreements. Deng Zhenzhong, a member of the Taiwan Executive Yuan, and Sarah Bianchi representative of the United States, and the US President Laurarosenberger at the Taiwan Association's chairman of the Taiwan Association.
The U.S. Trade Representative Office (USTR) issued a statement on its official website stating that the purpose of this agreement was to "strengthen and deepen economic and trade relations." "We thank Taiwan's partners for helping us achieve this important milestone and look forward to negotiating negotiations on the negotiation tasks of the proposal in the negotiation task of the proposal."
Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen said that the "Taiwan -American 21st Century Trade Initiative" is the most complete trade agreement between Taiwan and the United States since 1979. "In addition to being an important milestone of Taiwan -US economic and trade relations, this will also take a key step for Taiwan and major trade countries."
According to the press release issued by the Economic and Trade Negotiation Office of the Taiwan Executive Yuan, the first batch of agreements include five issues including Customs Administrative and Trade, good legal operations, domestic rules and regulations, anti -corruption, and small and medium -sized enterprises. The topic of the project is negotiated, including labor, environment, agriculture, digital trade, standards, state -owned undertakings, non -market policies and practices.
The office pointed out that the completion of these issues one after another will help promote fair market competition, information transparency, reduce corporate transaction costs, and bring more development opportunities and substantial benefits to SMEs. "More importantly, this agreement has laid a complete and solid legal foundation for Taiwan -US economic and trade exchanges. Free trade agreement".
In May 2022, US President Biden announced in Japan that it launched the "Indo -Pacific Economic Framework" (IPEF). The first batch of members did not include Taiwan. However, Dai Qi, a US trading representative, said in an interview with Japanese media that in addition to the Trade and Investment Formation Agreement (TIFA), the United States also launched a new bilateral consultation with Taiwan. In June of the same year, Taiwan and the United States announced the launch of the "21st Century Trade Initiative" negotiation process 。
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said that China is firm
China Approval of the United States violates the principles 
After the signing of a trade agreement in Taiwan and the United States, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs accused Washington accusing the Washington's move that seriously violated the "one China principle" and the three joint communiqué regulations of China and the United States. The United States proposed solemnly.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a routine press conference on Friday: "China resolutely opposes the official exchanges between the establishment of diplomatic relations with the country and Taiwan, including any form of business signing for any agreement with sovereign meaning and official nature."
Mao Ning said: "The so -called 'initiative' is just the guise of the United States under the guise of economic and trade cooperation. The personal interests of the enterprise, the "investment name" of the "harm Taiwan '' '; is the latest example of the United States blurring and hollowing out a Chinese principle."
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs urged the United States to "abide by a Chinese principle and the three joint communiqué regulations of China and the United States, immediately change the string more, stop the official exchanges of any form of developing with Taiwan, stop promoting and immediately revoke the so -called 'initiative' and 'agreement' 'The split forces send any error signals, otherwise the consequences of this must be completely borne by the United States. "
In June 2022, the Taiwan Executive Yuan held a "Deepening News Meeting for Deepening the U.S. Economic and Trade Relations". The picture shows Deng Zhenzhong, the general representative of the Economic and Trade Office of the Taiwan Executive Yuan.
What are the first batch of agreements? 
Reuters pointed out that the "21st Century Trade Initiative" will not change product tariffs, but supporters believe that it will help strengthen the economic bond between Taiwan and the United States, and open more American products to Taiwan. The ability to resist China's economic coercion.
In response to the convenience of customs and trade, this will reduce the prosperity of American companies exporting products to Taiwan, allowing enterprises to submit customs forms in the form of electronic forms and pay tariffs through the network to reduce the time for ships to wait for customs clearance.
In terms of good legal operations and service industry regulations, it will simplify the process of applying for a license for cross -border business enterprises and the opportunity to promote fair competition. The anti -corruption part is based on the trade agreement of the United States, Mexico and Canada, the content covers the problem of money laundering, and refuses to enter the country with corruption foreign public officials. As for the part of SMEs, cross -border investment will be promoted.
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/台美贸易倡议签署协定-中国批美-掏空一中原则/a-65803608?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The United States is willing to start a nuclear weapon dialogue with Russia 
Author: Michael R. Gordon
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:20:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T10:20:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T09:07:00.000Z
Description: US National Security Consultant Jack Shalvan plans to say in a speech on Friday that the Bayeng government is preparing to have the steps of restricting nuclear weapons after the "New Treatment of Strategic Weapons" due to the "New Treatment of Strategic Weapons" with Russia without settlement conditions. Start negotiation.
Images: []
Categories: ['国际']
Keywords: SYND
Type: Article
US National Security Consultant Jack Shalvan(Jake Sullivan)Planning in a speech on Friday stated that Bayeng(Joe Biden)The government is preparing to have Russia on the "New Treatment of Strategic Weapon" with Russia without setting up conditions.(New Start)The steps of restricting nuclear weapons in 2026 are negotiated.
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E6%84%BF%E4%B8%8E%E4%BF%84%E7%BD%97%E6%96%AF%E5%BC%80%E5%A7%8B%E6%A0%B8%E6%AD%A6%E5%99%A8%E5%AF%B9%E8%AF%9D-3a888f6c 
Russian high supersonic missile scientists have started the crime of rebellion of the country 
Author: 半岛电视台＋路透社
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:21:46
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T10:21:46
Description: A famous Russian scientist participating in the country's hypersonic missile program was tried under strict confidentiality under strict confidentiality. At the same time, the health of the elderly defendant was worrying.
Images: [" 1-1685700066.png ", " 1-1685700110.jpg ", " 2-1685700166.jpg "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '评论']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '军事', '政治', '新闻', '评论', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '欧洲']
Type: Article
 Russian President Vladimir Putin (Middle) visited the Russian Defense Control Center in Moscow, Russia in 2018 to supervise the test of a new Russian hypersonic missile system named "Pioneer". This system can carry nuclear warheads and conventional warheads (Reuters).
A famous Russian scientist participating in the country's hypersonic missile program was tried under strict confidentiality under strict confidentiality. At the same time, the health of the elderly defendant was worrying.
Anatoli Maslov(Anatoly Maslov)The trial was opened in St. Petersburg on Thursday. This is the first case of three hypersonic missile scientists working in a research institute in New Siberia, Siberia. They are now facing the so -called "very serious charges" of the Kremlin.
The St. Petersburg Court stated that the trial was marked as "secret" and was not open to the media and the public. It was unable to contact Maslov's lawyers to comment on the start of the lawsuit.
A source of a 76 -year -old Maruslov told Reuters that the missile scientist has been arrested and hospitalized twice since he was arrested in New Siberia last June.
 For the first time from a submarine to test the hypersonic cruise missile from a submarine
Sources said that the doctor of the pre -trial detention center did not let Maslov get all the drugs prescribed by his normal doctor, and added: "He persisted, but of course, his condition is not very good." Unable to independently verify allegations of refusing to provide drugs.
Maruslov is a professor and researcher at the Institute of theory and Applied Mechanics, one of the top scientific centers of Russia.
The three defendants are all supersonic experts -this field is critical to the development of Russian next -generation missiles and can fly quickly with 10 times.
Colleagues of the Christian Nonovich Research Institute issued an open letter on May 15, supporting three scientists in prison, proved that they were innocent and patriotic, and pointed out that the defendant avoided the possibility of engaging in high salaries overseas overseas. Sexuality is committed to "serving Russian science."
According to the translation content of this letter, "we know that each of them is a patriot and a decent person, and they are not able to do investigating the authorities suspect what they do."
The signer of this letter said, "In this case, we are not only worried about the fate of our colleagues, but we just don't understand how to continue our work," and pointed out that they are afraid of being accused of criminals just because of the work of scientists. There is a crime of betrayal.
"We get a reward today and set an example for others, and tomorrow will become a reason for criminal prosecution."
The details of the three people are confidential, but their scientific city portal said that Maslov was suspected of leaking secrets to China.
 Hypermone Missile: New Army Reserve Competition?
Sources said that Maslov insisted that he was innocent and "he didn't think he was a traitor, and he believed that he always did everything correctly."
Shortly after the arrest, Maslov was sent to the Lelelovo prison in Moscow, which was the place of the first KGG interrogation and was transferred to St. Petersburg for trial.
In April, the Russian Parliament decided to increase the maximum punishment of the montioplasm from 20 years to life imprisonment.
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/military/2023/6/2/%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e9%ab%98%e8%b6%85%e9%9f%b3%e9%80%9f%e5%af%bc%e5%bc%b9%e7%a7%91%e5%ad%a6%e5%ae%b6%e5%8f%9b%e5%9b%bd%e7%bd%aa%e5%ae%a1%e5%88%a4%e5%bc%80%e5%a7%8b 
Switzerland rejected other countries to aid U -Swiss arms to abide by neutral disputes 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T10:23:00Z
Description: On the evening of June 1, the Swiss National House of Representatives rejected a bill that designed to allow third countries to sell Swiss arms materials to Ukraine. Since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, it has launched fierce debate around whether it should abide by whether it should abide by neutrality. After the bill was rejected, Germany, Denmark and other countries were unable to transport Swiss arms to Ukraine.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['希腊债务危机', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '诺贝尔奖', '欧洲难民危机', '欧洲', '瑞士', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['瑞士', '乌克兰', '俄乌战争', '欧盟', '军火', '永久中立']
Id: 65803626
The National House of China is the lower house of the Swiss Parliament
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) According to the current permanent Chinese legislature in Switzerland, the arms produced by Switzerland must not be transported to areas where armed conflicts are occurring; only when the UN Security Council decides to condemn Russia to invade Ukraine, the Swiss government is allowed to use exception clauses The third country is allowed to transport the arms materials made of Switzerland to the Ukrainian theater. However, in view of Russia's rejection of the Security Council, this situation is almost impossible.
The Swiss National House of Representatives voted for only 75 votes to support the revised new bill of legislation. 98 votes against the bill allowed the third country to transfer Swiss arms to Ukraine.
Many years ago, Germany had purchased a group of armored vehicles and ammunition used by tanks. However, when Germany provided armored vehicles and tanks to Ukraine, it was limited by the Swiss Chinese Liberal Military Bill and was not allowed to supply Swiss -made ammunition Essence Similar applications submitted to Switzerland by Denmark, Spain and other countries have also been rejected for the same reason.
Germany provides self -produced cheetah air defense tanks to Ukraine, but it cannot provide supporting Swiss ammunition
The controversy of all sectors of Switzerland surrounding the Chinese Legislative Council is still continuing. Those who support the amendment of the legislative case believe that they must increase their support for Ukraine and make greater contributions to Europe's security. Opponents believe that this move will damage Switzerland's internationally neutral position and will also lead to the country's excessive approach to NATO.
At the same time, Switzerland was also suffering from increasing international pressure. NATO and governments of the European Union are pressured. They believe that not supporting Ukraine is to condone invaders and try to make Switzerland softening. Many Western countries have also accused Switzerland that objectively becomes an oligopo -hasn of Russia, which also makes Switzerland worry about its international image.
Switzerland also purchased the German "Leopard 2" main battle tank. Now Germany seek to repurchase 25 tanks sealed by Switzerland
The Swiss National House of House of Representatives' veto bill will not calm down whether it is allowed to transport arms to Ukraine. In another case, Rhein Metal Group, a manufacturer of the German "Leopard 2" main battle tank, is seeking to repurchase 25 tanks sealed by Switzerland. Although the German Ministry of Economic Affairs and the Ministry of National Defense stated that although these tanks will not be transferred to Ukraine, they are used to fill the vacancies left after the national tank aid Ukraine. The Swiss government has recently stated that this approach is not to transport the arms made from Switzerland to Ukraine, so it does not damage the legislative case.
However, this " indirect assistance in Ukraine "The approach is also facing a lot of obstacles: Parliament first needs to approve the seal tank to withdraw from the active service, and then the government can start the sale process. According to the plan, the Swiss National House will begin discussing the case in mid -June. ) It will discuss the case in autumn. Some of the members of the hospital have expressed their opposition: indirect assistance will also damage the neutral position of Switzerland. In view of the current international security situation, Switzerland is likely to need this batch of sealed tanks.(Germany's New News Agency, South Germany will report, etc.)
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
1 main battle tank 
On February 3, the German government issued an export permit for the Leopard 1 main battle tank to Ukraine. The Leopard 1 tank was the first main battle tank developed for the Federal Defense Force after World War II. It was produced in the mid -1960s to the mid -1980s. On February 7, the German Ministry of Economic Affairs approved the provision of 178 Leopard 1A5 tanks to Ukraine.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
2 tank 
Leopard 2 tanks are the main battle tanks that mainly serve in the German Federal Defense Force, with a total of A1 to A7 and other models. It can be used to deal with aircraft and helicopters with a height of up to 3500 meters, and can also be used to deal with light armored ground targets, such as infantry chariot and armored transport vehicles. Therefore, it is both a defensive weapon and an offensive weapon. The German government spokesman Steffenhebestreit confirmed on January 25 that Germany intends to provide 14 Leopard 2A6 main battle tanks from Ukraine from the Federal Defense Army inventory.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
"Weasel" infantry chariot 
The "weasel" infantry chariot is used for battlefield transport and provides firepower support. Sagittarius can shoot from the inside of the chariot and is a multi -purpose weapon system. The chariot can provide space for 6 or 7 shooters to crack down on the ground and air targets. Germany is preparing to provide a total of 40 "weasel" infantry chariot to Ukraine.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
land-based air defense system Iris-T SLM 
Iris-T SLM is a land-based air defense system, an upgraded version of the IRIS-T air defense system manufactured by German proud defense companies. This system can protect cities and troops from air strikes that occur multiple times. It is considered one of the most advanced defense systems in 2022. It has a range of 40 kilometers and a price of 140 million euros. It belongs to NATO's medium -range air defense system. In October last year, Germany transferred the first set of Iris-TSLM to the Ukrainian armed forces. Germany plans to provide a total of 4 sets of systems.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
Cheetah -style self -propelled cannon 
Cheetah's self -propelled cannon is the first heavy weapon provided by Germany to Ukraine. This air defense cannon has good off -road performance, which can follow the armored forces to provide low -altitude defense for front -line combat units. So far, Germany has delivered a total of 30 cheetah self -firing guns, and 7 and 7 are about to be delivered.

德国向乌克兰提供哪些“大杀器”？ 
PzH-2000自行榴弹炮(7台) 
Panzerhaubitze 2000自行火炮，简称PZH 2000自行火炮，是一种由德国克劳斯-玛菲·威格曼公司和莱茵金属为德国陆军设计制造的自行火炮系统。是当今世界上最先进的火炮之一。装入火炮的60发炮弹可以10秒3发的速度发射完毕。根据所用炮弹形式，可打击30至56公里内的目标。据联邦政府网站消息，德国已经向乌克兰提供了7台这样的自行火炮。
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
Mars II multi -tube rocket launch system 
Germany has provided 5 MARS II multi -tube rocket systems to Ukraine. The system can launch the same missiles as the US "Haimas" system. Mars-II can fire up to 12 missiles per minute, with a range of more than 70 kilometers. Not only that, the missile launcher system can be guided using GPS or mine -launching missiles.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
"Beaver" Armored Bridge 
The armored bridge vehicle is mainly used to quickly set up a bridge, which allows the troops to quickly pass the river and is generally equipped with engineering forces. It is very important for the wartime to restore the damaged infrastructure and provides food and medicine to the people. So far, Germany has delivered three "Beaver" armored vehicles to Ukraine, and 13 will be provided.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
Iron fist three -type rocket launcher (3000 pieces) 
This is a non -recoil rocket launcher developed by the German arms company Dynamit NobelDefence. Germany currently assists 3,000 iron -fist -type rockets with Ukraine, plus 900 supporting controllers. It is launched from the shoulder to deal with fixed targets 400 meters away and mobile targets within 300 meters. Some media analysis believes that the birth of the three types of rocket launchers during the Cold War is to deal with the armored troops of the former Soviet Union. At present, Russia has invested the most on the Ukrainian battlefield is the T72 main battle tank of the former Soviet Union, so it provides this to Ukraine. Rocket launchers are also targeted.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
"Poisoning" missile (500 pieces) 
"Stinger" is a kind of air -to -air missile -to -air -to -air missile. It was developed and made in the United States by Raytheon in 1980. However, it has been produced in many European countries including Germany for many years. And continued so far. Practical experience shows that "poisoning" is a simple and extremely effective weapon. Especially during the Soviet army's occupation of Afghanistan, Afghanistan armed in American equipment had shot down many Soviet fighters and helicopters. Once the target is locked and launched, the missile can automatically track the target within about 4,000 meters.
*#
What are the "big killers" in Ukraine in Germany? 
"Arrow-2" portable air defense missile (2700 pieces) 
Stream means "arrow" in Russian. This portable air defense missile can be said to be the corresponding version of the Soviet Soviet Union mentioned earlier mentioned. This time, the 2700 9K32 "Arrow-2" portable air defense missile (9K32stRela-2) of the former East Germany inventory was sent to Ukraine. Although the version of the arrow-2 is already outdated, it can still play a effect on the battlefield. Its range is between 500 meters and 4.2 kilometers and can shoot at a high altitude of 2300 meters.

News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/瑞士拒绝他国援乌瑞士军火-恪守中立引争议/a-65803626?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The new employment population in the United States has a strong accident but slower salary growth 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T15:20:06+00:00
Description: (AFP, Washington, 2nd) The U.S. Department of Labor announced today that 339,000 newly -employed people in May were more than in April and much higher than analyst expectations; The Federal Federal Preparatory Council (FED) still has the opportunity to suspend interest rate hikes this month.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 
5月美国新增就业人口远高于4月修正后的29万4000人，失业率则由史上最低点3.4%反弹回3.7%。
美国5月就业报告还显示，平均时薪仅成长0.3%，增幅略低于4月的0.4%。
高频经济公司(High Frequency Economics)首席美国经济学家法鲁奇(RubeelaFarooqi)表示：「数据展现美国就业持续以快速步伐成长，但薪资上涨压力并未不断增加。」
尽管联准会为了降低美国经济热度、打击通货膨胀，自从去年初以来已经10度调高利率；但美国就业市场依旧维持意外强度。最新数据可能使央行官员思考是否暂停升息时别具挑战。
法鲁奇指出，美国5月新增就业人口虽然远远超越分析师预估，但薪资数据仍可能让联准会有空间维持货币政策不变。
美国央行决策官员将在本月中旬召开会议。一些高阶官员本周已释出讯息，表示这次可能支持暂停升息一次。
他们的关键主张，是联准会官员在决定是否有必要采取更多行动时，应把注意力放在至今升息扩散到美国经济的延迟效应。
决策官员格外担忧的部分，是美国劳工需求旺盛若搭配薪资不断成长，可能使得通膨热度不坠；但若薪资成长并未攀升，可能缓和央行升息压力。
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD5%E6%9C%88%E6%96%B0%E5%A2%9E%E5%B0%B1%E4%B8%9A%E4%BA%BA%E5%8F%A3%E6%84%8F%E5%A4%96%E5%BC%BA%E5%8A%B2-%E4%BD%86%E8%96%AA%E8%B5%84%E6%88%90%E9%95%BF%E6%94%BE%E7%BC%93 
C919's first COSCO: China's aviation industry welcomes milestones, challenges still exist 
Creator: NIRAJ CHOKSHI,TIFFANY MAY
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:51:40+08:00
Description: At present, the only C919 aircraft for commercial flights completed passenger flight from Shanghai to Beijing on Sunday. Industry experts said that Chinese aircraft manufacturing seriously relies on Western suppliers, and it takes a long time to meet domestic needs. Age France-Presse-Getty Images Sunday, China's first domestic large-scale passenger aircraft C919 completed the first commercial flight from Shanghai to Beijing.
Images: [" 01CHINA-PLANE... ", " 01CHINA-PLANE... ", " 01CHINA-PLANE... "]
Category: 商业与经济
Type: Article
 China takes a million flights every year, and the aircraft used are almost made by Boeing and Airbus, the world's leading aircraft manufacturers. For many years, China has been working hard to change this situation. Now, China celebrates this pursuit of the new milestone: the first large passenger aircraft made by China flight for the first time.
According to Chinese official media reports, the C919 passenger plane of China Oriental Airlines transported about 130 passengers from Shanghai to Beijing on Sunday. This aircraft was manufactured by Chinese state -owned aviation manufacturers -China Commercial Aircraft Corporation. It is currently the only C919 aircraft for commercial flight.
COMAC was founded in 2008. The company is headquartered in Shanghai, which is closely related to the China Aviation Industry Group, which is a turboprop, a fighter, and bomber manufacturing for China. C919 is a narrow -bodied aircraft, benchmarking Boeing 737 and Airbus A320.
Aviation experts said China faces fierce competition from Boeing and Airbus from the United States. Airbus is a European company controlled by France, Germany and other countries. These two companies have been dominated by global aircraft sales for many years.
Boeing CEO Dave Calkhorn this week in the Boeing Factory in North Callen, South Carolina, told reporters that C919 is a "good plane" and will eventually meet the needs of China, but he said that China must establish enough enough enoughness The production capacity to meet these needs also needs to be "long for a long time."
 In 2015, Xi Jinping, the highest leader of China, visited the Boeing Installation Line of Seattle. China is still an important market for Boeing. POOL Photo by Jason Redmond
Karkhorn's speech is located in a room that can overlook several Boeing 787 dual -channel aircraft. Customers of these aircraft come from all over the world, including China ’s flag airline China International Airlines. He said that he believed that the C919 of China COSCO could eventually meet the needs of Chinese flights in China. He believes that the global market can accommodate the third large manufacturer.
"Three suppliers should not be the most terrible thoughts in the world in such a global market with a volume and scale."
China is still an important market for Boeing and Airbus.
According to data from aviation data provider Cirium, last year, about 42%of China's regular domestic flights used Boeing planes and 54%of Airbus aircraft.
Airbus entered the Chinese aviation market in 1985. The company said in April this year that it will build a second -loading line in a factory in China and get green lights that promote 160 aircraft orders. The company currently has about 2100 aircraft in China.
As for Boeing, in the past 20 years, the company has delivered about 10,000 planes worldwide, of which nearly 14%are delivered to Chinese customers.
In recent years, Boeing's sales in China have been affected. In January of this year, Boeing 737max's commercial flight resumed flights in China. Earlier, the model has been resumed and used around the world (including the United States) for about two years -about four years ago, two crash accidents occurred in Boeing 737max, causing 346 people to die, so it was banned worldwide.
 In 2020, an Airbus aircraft of China International Airlines parked at Beijing International Airport. For many years, Airbus has been the main supplier of Chinese aircraft. Carlos Garciawlins/Reuters
Karkhorn said that with the strict epidemic restrictions of the Chinese economy, more and more Chinese people have begun to resume and Boeing will support China. However, he said that the repeated tension between China and the United States means that the progress of the relationship between Boeing and China will "rise and fall". He also said that in any case, Boeing will have a lot of business.
"What will happen without Chinese life? It turns out that life is not a problem. This is not what we want, but there is no problem," he said.
"We should focus on existing competition and strive to win this technical competition. While we do this, no matter what China does, we must maintain our status in the industry," he also said.
C919 manufactured by COMAC relies heavily on suppliers in the United States and Europe, including engines and many components that provide drivers and controls for aircraft. The company has stated that the final planned production is 150 C919, but analysts are suspicious of the production capacity of COMAC, especially after the production of the aircraft has been postponed for many years.
C919 has not yet obtained international airworthiness certification, but over time, it can meet China's domestic demand for the increasing demand for single -channel aircraft. Ruisu(Cirium)Analyst Xie Haowen said that by 2030, China is expected to need about 4,800 single -channel aircraft like C919 for regional travel.
He said that if the company can increase the output of C919, COMAC may become a popular choice for Chinese airlines and get a share in the market, but it will still lag behind Boeing and Airbus.
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/business/20230602/china-comac-c919-boeing/ 
韩国宣布单边制裁朝鲜黑客组织Kimsuky 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:56
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T10:56
Description: South Korea ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced on Friday (June 2) that Kimsuky, a hacker spy organization of the North Korean Investigation General Administration, which will be stolen from Korean cutting -edge technology and participated in the research and development of North Korea’ s satellite, will be included in the list of unilateral sanctions. Yonhap News Agency reported that this is the eighth time South Korea has implemented a unilateral system for North Korea ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['韩国', '制裁朝鲜', '黑客组织', '卫星']
South Korea ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced on Friday (June 2) that Kimsuky, a hacker spy organization of the North Korean Investigation General Administration, which will be stolen from Korean cutting -edge technology and participated in the research and development of North Korea’ s satellite, will be included in the list of unilateral sanctions.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that this was the eighth time in South Korea's unilateral sanctions on North Korea, and it was also the fourth time that unilateral sanctions on the network field were performed.
This is the first sanctions adopted by the South Korean government for military reconnaissance satellites in North Korea.
It is reported that Kimsuky has continued to attack Korean public institutions, virtual currency accounts, diplomatic and security websites, stealing cutting -edge technologies and information such as weapons, artificial satellites, and universe. University hospital website steal personal information.
The report of the Sanctions of the North Korea ’s Sandrenels April this year’ s expert group reported that the third bureaus of the North Korean General Administration (technical reconnaissance bureau) Kimsuky, a subordinate group, with the field of military, energy, and infrastructure as the target intelligence.
According to the report, the organization will be disguised as a malware named "Apple Seed", pretending to be purchased or purchased, and issued to military base repair companies and nuclear power stations related companies, etc., stealing the victim's account information and its computer documents.
In addition, the South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that in order to improve the alertness of hackers, the government has also regarded the autonomous Kimsuky virtual currency wallet address as identification information and included in the sanctions list.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of South Korea also issued the South Korean National Intelligence Institute and the South Korean Police Agency and the Federal Investigation Agency (FBI), the State Council, and the National Security Agency (NSA). Essence Suggestions Detailed records of Kimsuky uses fishing software to steal specific activity methods, hazardous indicators and preventive measures, etc.
South Korean President Yin Xiyue restarted sanctions on North Korea in October 2022. This is the South Korean government restarted sanctions on North Korea after about five years. Since October last year, the South Korean government has listed a total of 45 entities and 43 individuals on the list of sanctions on the DPRK.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400460 
The US Senate passed the suspension of debt upper limit for more than 60 % votes 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T10:58
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T11:53
Description: The U.S. Senate obtained sufficient votes to avoid the first US debt default by suspension of the US federal debt limit bill. The New York Times reported that the US Senate on Thursday (June 1) in the evening of the United States Senate (June 1) (Friday morning in Singapore), the suspension of US $ 3.14 trillion ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国参议院', '债务违约', '法案']
The U.S. Senate obtained sufficient votes. By suspending the US federal debt limit bill, the United States was avoided for the first time debt default Essence
The New York Times reported that the United States Senate on Thursday (June 1) in the evening (Singapore time in the morning), and voted for the suspension of US $ 3.1.4 trillion (approximately $ 42.3 trillion) federal debt limit bill. The voting results of 36 votes are passed.
US President Biden said the cross -party agreement was a great victory for the US economy. "I look forward to signing the bill as a law as soon as possible, and speak to the American people on Friday."
Biden also expressed his gratitude to the Senate leader Shu Mo and a minority leader McConnell quickly passed the bill.
Among the 100 seats in the Senate, the suspension of the debt limit bill must be obtained by obtaining 60 support votes to pass. The House of Representatives has passed the bill on Wednesday, and now only needs to sign the effect.
The White House in the United States said that Biden would speak to the whole country at 7 pm on Friday, Eastern Time (Saturday time at 7 am).
U.S. Financial Minister Yellen recently warned that the Ministry of Finance predicts that if the debt limit cannot be raised or suspended as soon as possible, the Ministry of Finance will exhaust the funds by June 5, causing catastrophic debt defaults.
Based on Agreement reached by Biden and McCarthy The United States will suspend US $ 3.1.4 trillion in debt limit to January 1, 2025. At the same time, it is limited to budget expenditures in 2024 and 2025, but the reduction of the Republican Party is as great as the Republican Party. The government will also recover the unused funds for crown disease epidemic, speed up the approval procedures of some energy projects, and improve the work requirements for some food subsidies. The non -national defense budget expenditure in fiscal year was basically unchanged, and the fiscal year in 2025 increased by 1%.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400461 
Special report on the 34th anniversary of the 64th: Pick up the torch and move forward! 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T16:36:21-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On May 30, 1989, the Democratic Statue stood in Tiananmen Square, Beijing. June 4th case diagram Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaODao/renquanfazhi/kw-0601202317.html/@stream June 4 this year is the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th" Tiananmen slaughter in 1989. Just last year, the severe "clearance" policy of the Chinese authorities caused the "white paper movement" outbreak, which also marked the spiritual awakening of the new generation of Chinese people. So how do this generation of young people understand the "June 4th" incident? And how did the truth of the "June 4th" have on them?
There is no windy wall, even the firewall [How do I know the June 4th] Come on the Come on 
今年5月，作者冰乐(笔名)在海外发表的小说《渴望》中，写到了一个和“六四”事件有关的情节： “2011年6月4日，是小女孩岳莹的8岁生日。那天，自小学习京剧表演的她收到了一份特别的礼物：一个密码被妈妈预设为“198964”的红色存钱罐。可是，每当岳莹问起妈妈为什么要选择这串数字作存钱罐的密码时，妈妈的脸上，总会浮现出那个小小的她所不曾见过的复杂神情……。” 
"六四"密码 
身为00后的作者冰乐告诉本台，小说中这个情节实际源于她的自身经历：“真实的经历就是，家里每每需要设个无关紧要的密码时，因为小时候受到过耳濡目染的熏陶，我肯定就会用到这串数字。”
冰乐说，少年时代，爷爷书架上的那套由包尊信先生主编的《走向未来丛书》就成了她的好朋友。16岁那年，她皈依基督教，并首次从一位长辈那里听说了张伯笠牧师的名字(张伯笠是“六四”时被官方通缉的21个学生之一，名列第17)。
一年多后的某天，妈妈忽然叫她去网上看一段视频。“‘孩子，你听一听这个。这个叫张伯笠的牧师，他讲的这些内容真的好有意思。他还是那个天安门学运的副总指挥。’我一听就来了兴趣。天安门什么时候又多了这么一个事？我怎么都没在历史书上了解过？而且终于听到这位风闻已久的张伯笠牧师了。”
透过那个未被屏蔽掉的信仰公众号，冰乐听到了“六四”亲历者张伯笠牧师2001年在台湾的布道演讲。“我听到了那些后，我心中的很多疑虑就一下子解开了。那里，我也听到了我熟悉的人名，比如说参与编写《走向未来丛书》的严家祺先生。”
直到那时，尚未成年的冰乐才了解到，原来有一段真实发生的事已经被她的祖国从历史书上生生地抹去了......。这也促使她后来撰写了小说《渴望》，并特别“以此献给1989年天安门广场上的那个共和国。”
"Tanks" June 5, 1989 blocking the PLA Tanks in Tiananmen Square (Information Map of the Associated Press)
The historical book of the sealing strip **
In Bingle's novels, the saving can of the 8964 password seems to symbolize the history of the "June 4th" that the "June 4th" has been distorted, dusty, and annihilated under the strong suppression of the Communist Party of China for many years. For those who want to know the truth, they must find the "password" with their heart to open the closed history. However, in reality, this password is often around people, and only a curious heart is needed to discover.
Cheng Gang (pseudonym) is a high school student in China in China. According to him, in China, historical textbooks of international schools will be reviewed, and some cities do not even allow academic history (AP, Alevel or IB courses). In his school, the students' historical books were accepted as soon as the school started, and they returned them a month later.
"Our book is affixed with a variety of seals. Driven by curiosity, I and my classmates and I carefully tear the sealing in the book." Cheng Gang described, "I'm watching about it about I saw a picture when I was in China (a man stood in front of the tank to block the tank), and I and my classmates were shocked. We started to read the content in the book. We found that we have been being drumped by our government. We have never written such anti -human and anti -human rights atrocities in our history. "
After that, when he talked with his classmates in the classroom, he talked to the "June 4th" content and was still holding the book with a torn seal in his hand. The teacher who came in was seen. The teacher sent him and his classmates to the principal's office angrily, and the school gave them and asked for a review.
However, this did not stop Cheng Gang's desire for the truth. In the end, he downloaded the VPN overturning software and went to see the relevant news documentary of the BBC and Radio Asia (RFA), so as to learn about the "June 4th" incident. He did not understand why he was punished by the truth of history? Why should the Chinese government cover the facts?
At present, this station cannot independently verify what the specific situation is mentioned as Gang Gang, but according to China's official website and domestic media reports, the Chinese government has become more stringent in the management review of overseas textbooks introduced by international schools in recent years. Related notice.
Beijing Tiananmen Square on May 31, 1989 (Case Map of the June 4th file) The error of the examiner "May every year, because the Legislative Council has not changed yet, there are many pan -democrats to ask the Chief Executive. Then, 'long hair'(Liang Guoxiong of the Social and People's Federation) asked Zeng Yinquan, and he said what do you think of the development after the "June 4th" incident? He told the key words of the "June 4th" incident. "Xiaoming said," Zeng Yinquan's answer is to avoid it, saying that the development of the motherland in recent years is obvious to all. ‘Chang Mao’ As you ask, can economic development ignore them to kill? This is also broadcast. "
Xiao Ming asked his parents that night, what was going on with the "June 4th" incident? His father just told him vaguely that the PLA went to Tiananmen to "maintain order." From then on, Xiaoming knew that if there were no examiners at the time, it was impossible for him to hear the word "June 4th", and his political position could not be completely changed.
In the early morning of June 4, 1989, the PLA tanks listed the monument to the people's hero. (Map of the June 4th file)
Lie who wants to cover the mad 
In the past thirty -four years, although the Chinese authorities have suppressed the discussion of the "June 4th" incident and have severely blocked all channels that can obtain the truth, they still cannot stop the people from understanding this history. Recently, in the feedback of the topic of "how young people know the June 4th", the reporter found that the way people get related information can be described as a variety of ways.
Many of these young people mentioned that on the evening of June 3 last year, Li Jiaqi, a "brothers with the goods", showed the tank ice cream cake in the live broadcast room and was stopped by the authorities, causing heated discussions on the Internet. From this, they first knew the "June 4th".
Some readers also said that he was suddenly disappeared because of the song "East East of the Queen" in the summer of 2019, and went to see a report on foreign media about Hong Kong's anti -repair storm, and saw the "June 4th" incident in it to understand To this historical truth.
Another post -00 reader mentioned that the reason why he actively searched for the "June 4th" information was because when he watched the game live on station B, the "Killing Information" in the upper right corner suddenly showed "Power Boy#8964" (When opening the live broadcast mode, the opponent's nickname will automatically become character name+four -digit number). As a result, the live broadcast room was immediately sealed, making him feel absurd.
Some netizens said that when he was in college, a foreign video lecture on a foreign professor was arranged on June 4. As a result, the professor could not log in first, and then fell crazy, and finally the whole class knew the reason.
Zhou Fengsuo, the leader of the former "June 4th" school movement, said that these practices of the Communist Party of China were "wanting to cover": "If people don't care, or they accept this lie, or the outside world has forgotten it, then it does not need to block it anymore . Now, because there are still people commemorating, the truth still exists actively, so they are actively blocked. But this blocking itself will also cause some people to be curious. "
At 4 am on June 4, 1989, college students sang international songs under the Monument of the Beijing People's Heroes. (Map of the June 4th file) The idea of transformation from "Little Pink" to "Anti -Thief" transformation 
Understanding the truth of the "June 4th" brings a huge ideological impact on many young people, and it has also quickly transformed from the "small pink" that is completely brainwashed into a normal person with independent thinking ability. Xing Mingzhen, a high school student in China(Pseudonym)It is one of them.
Xing Mingzhen, who claims to be "born in a four -generation red environment", learned to turn over the wall in high school and registered a Twitter account: "At that time, I was still a 'pink', and they would still have bad words to see the CCP. Scolding up, maintaining the CCP, until one after another of the CCP, and I never know the evil things, including the "June Fourth". That is our top talent. They are full of hope in their hearts. They are their own hope. Have they ever thought that this regime will have such a great hostility to themselves? "
In the face of the truth, Xing Mingzhen was very ashamed, so late to know such a tragedy. He also lamented that there were so few people who knew the truth over the years: "Students, young people's life, hope of achieving democracy and freedom in China, etc., the CCP was destroyed on the day of" June Fourth ". It has been completely transformed into a 'anti -thief', not only seen on the Internet, but I also encountered a lot in real life. Although there are only ten years, especially the new crowns for three years, I will hit me once and once, and I have worn out my to the CCP. Finally fantasy. "
Xing Mingzhen admits that only what he can do now is to spread the truth as much as possible, and tell the "June 4th" to his classmates or friends who are younger than him.
He Jun (pseudonym), who has been studying in a foreign language school, has been playing with games from junior high school, and in the way, playing Twitter. He still remembers that for the first time, Twitter happened to be on June 3, and the overwhelming quarrels and the "June 4th" content came. Since he was brainwashed since he was a child, He Jun naturally joined the "Pink" army and began to send netizens for nearly a year of "fighting" with "Mida" (online language "instead of the shielded sensitive words" freedom "freedom" freedom "freedom" freedom "freedom" freedom "freedom" free ".
"Later, I boarded YouTube and watched a lot of documentary, including BBC, CNN, and some Chinese Youtuber's explanations. I slowly understood that this does not seem to understand before. Nothing, this is at least an authoritarian government's suppression of students, which is irrational and cruel. "
He Jun said that he began to pay attention to some disappeared topics, that is, the "black history" of the Communist Party of China. In the past three years, China's economy has declined, and many things have had a great impact on him: "I am very impressed, such as village banks in Henan, Shanghai Fengcheng, and even the movement of dynamic clearing last year. A 'little pink' that is completely praised and ethics has become a person who considers himself to have the ability to think about. "
After entering high school, He Jun encountered more partners with the same cognition. They talked about politics in English and read the books of thinkers and philosophers in the library, and even the traces of commemorating the "June 4th" appeared on the interior walls and toilets. He Jun said that he helped many students to understand China rationally and objectively, and also witnessed everyone's ideological changes during the epidemic. He was distressed by Xi Jinping's dictatorship, and was moved by his classmates' confidence in the future of light.
Regarding the process of Chinese young people who broke the authorities and cognition of the "June 4th" process, Zhou Fengsuo, the former "June 4th" school movement leader, said: "In my opinion, it is indeed this kind of goodness of human nature and the natural power of seeking truth. Those wiped, especially on young people. "
Cao Yaxue, editor -in -chief of "Change China" website, also pointed out: "This institutional lie and government behavior lies are very powerful because it has all power and machines. But once it is unsuccessful, it is very easy to be deceived. People, information receivers -people, have a thorough doubt about it. " "White Paper Movement" and "Plaza Second Generation" 
These young people who dare to break through the "June 4th" lies of the authorities have naturally devoted themselves to the resistance to defending basic freedom and human rights in recent years. In late November 2022, a fire in Urumqi caused a "white paper movement" that broke out in many cities in China against the "clearing" controlled by the authorities. Many Chinese students overseas also bravely stood up to express their solidarity. Many of them were young people who were deeply infected with the "June 4th" mental infection, including the "second generation of the square".
The United States is one of them. His father, Wu Pinghui, was an active participant in the Wuhan area of the "June 4th" academic movement, and was imprisoned for one and a half years. However, his father didn't tell him until he grew up.
Wu Heming said: "I remember on my eighteen birthday, he told me his encounter on June 4th. I think my dad is a hero."
In the "White Paper Movement", He Heming participated in the support rally of San Francisco without hesitation. He felt that from a personal perspective, he had such a responsibility: "This may have a certain relationship with my father. But even if you are abroad, young people who do not have a background in my country, see colleagues in the country to fight against Under the country and totalitarian state, we still risk life. We have an advantage from fear overseas. We see that domestic people have been so brave, and even some people have been arrested, but we are a little bit overseas There is no sound, it will really be condemned by conscience. "
Ai Jingjing (pseudonym), who is also studying in the United States and is also a "second -generation square", also actively participated in the "White Paper Movement" in New York last year. The reason for the background of the family is also related to her own experience. She said: "I was persecuted in the country during the epidemic. At that time, I almost clashed with the police, and it was not far from being arrested. Because I was really in a public resistance at that time, I was on a train. On the square of the station. "
Ai Jingjing's father went to university in Beijing during the "June 4th" in 1989. He also actively participated in the school movement. Fortunately, he was not arrested. At the same time, the whole family was also very "anti -communist", so she knew "June 4th" from a very young age.
Ai Jingjing admits that the "White Paper Movement" in terms of scale and participants' ideological consciousness is far from the support of the people. Compared with the "June 4th" of the year, the overseas sports effect is very limited, but she still thinks that In the face of the high pressure of the Communist Party of China, young people should stand up bravely and do what they should do: "Since it is no longer in China, what am I still afraid of!If people overseas dare not stand up, then no one really dares to dare Speak. "
Beijing Street on June 4, 1989 (Case Map of June 4th Fighting)
"We are all the same generation" 
A "white paper movement" participant in Japan "one grain of wheat" (net name) recently tweeted: "'Six Four' is alive in our father's heart, just like 'Urumqi Middle Road' 'living in our hearts . Their shouts and struggles are our shouts and struggles; the hope and losses they have experienced, that is, the hope and losses we have experienced. "
Cui Jian, known as the "Father of Chinese Rock", once said: "As long as there are still hairy statues on Tiananmen, we are still the same generation."
Indeed, on the road of opposing autocratic tyranny, when the "white paper" and the "June 4th" generation encountered in the past 30 years, they had almost no many generations. Some "June 4th" school movement leaders have naturally become the "white paper movement" youth's forgotten and spiritual mentor. Free and democratic fire species consciously inherit and relay between these two generations.
On the eve of the "June 4th" anniversary, Xing Mingzhen, a high school student mentioned earlier, paid tribute to the "June 4th" students of the year: "Your actions and wishes failed, but successfully left a wound in history. People will only be blinded and will not forget. Now the seeds of democracy and freedom will start germination on the Chinese land, we will work hard. You will not be forgotten. I picked up the torch, no matter whether anyone follows, maybe I will fall down, and I will fall down. , But more people will continue. Democracy cannot kill, and justice is not killed!"
Looking forward to the future, this article mentioned that the novel author Bing Le is full of confidence: "Whether the road ahead is bright or dark, it is easier to see hope if you insist on walking forward!"
Due to security reasons, Cheng Gang, Xiaoming, Xing Mingzhen, He Jun, and Ai Jingjing in this article are all pseudonyms. Their voice is also technically treated.
Reporter: Kaidi (Jing Xuan and Jingwei also contributed to this article) Editor: He Ping.com editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/kw-06012023130017.html 
U.S. Secretary of Man: Ukrainian strengthening national defense strength is a prerequisite for real peace 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T10:50:01+00:00
Description: （法新社赫尔辛基2日电） 美国国务卿布林肯（Antony Blinken）今天表示，在与俄罗斯总统蒲亭（Vladimir Putin）达成任何和平协议之前，强化乌克兰的国防实力至关重要。
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 According to Agence France -Presse, Blinger pointed out in Herxia, the capital of Finland: "It is because we do not have any fantasies for the goal we desire to achieve, we believe that meaningful diplomacy and true peace prerequisites are a more powerful Ukrainianland , Enough to scare and self -defense any of the future aggression (Ukraine). "
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%8A%A1%E5%8D%BF-%E4%B9%8C%E5%85%8B%E5%85%B0%E5%BC%BA%E5%8C%96%E5%9B%BD%E9%98%B2%E5%AE%9E%E5%8A%9B-%E6%98%AF%E7%9C%9F%E6%AD%A3%E5%92%8C%E5%B9%B3%E7%9A%84%E5%85%88%E5%86%B3%E6%9D%A1%E4%BB%B6 
Taiwan and the United States signed the 21st Century Trade Initiative Beijing to say that the United States "knocks bone and absorb" Taiwan 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:08:19.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T11:08:19.000Z
Description: According to Taiwan, this is the phased achievement reached by the largest and most comprehensive trade negotiations between Taiwan and the United States since 1979.
Images: [" _129967071_35... ", " _129966328_35... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['中國', '台湾']
Type: Article
Taiwan -US signed a 21st century trade initiative Beijing called the United States "knocking bone and absorbing" in Taiwan 
11:08 am on June 2, 2023![] Image source, BI-Khim Hsiao
Image adding text,
Representative Xiao Meiqin in the United States and the U.S. Executive Director of the United States (AIT) Instaline, Interid Larson, signed the first batch of agreements at the AIT headquarters.
The Taiwan Executive Yuan announced on Thursday (June 1) that it signed the first agreement with the United States for the first batch of "Taiwan -American 21st Century Trade Initiative". According to Taiwan, this is the phased achievement reached by the largest and most comprehensive trade negotiations between Taiwan and the United States since 1979. 
The Beijing side immediately stated that it has always resolutely opposed the establishment of any form of official exchanges between the establishment of diplomatic relations with the country and Taiwan, hoping that the United States will stop sending any error signals to the "Taiwan independence" division forces.
What are the results of the initiative? 
 Image source, BI-Khim Hsiao
Taiwan Executive Yuan revealed The first batch of agreements signed include five issues such as Customs Administrative and Trade, good legal operations, domestic regulations, domestic rules and regulations, anti -corruption, and small and medium -sized enterprises. , Agriculture, digital trade, standards, state -owned undertakings, non -market policies and practices.
The Economic and Trade Negotiation Office of the Executive Yuan revealed [11 issues].(https://www.ey.gov.tw/otn/8E7CF7585049FAB6/328b5c43-efc6-45c3-926b-e3a0cb5e3dcb)More details. For example, in terms of trade convenience, the two parties will discuss issues such as the acceleration of customs clearance procedures and electronic payment.
Taiwan President Tsai Ing -wen said that after the completion of the negotiations in the future, it will help promote fair market competition, information transparency, reduce corporate transaction costs, and bring more development opportunities to SMEs. It will also help Taiwan's economy and The industry has successfully entered the international market.
According to the Taiwan National Development Commission, the signing of the agreement can promote the coordination and cooperation of Taiwan and the United States, build a fair environment, and help attract foreign investment and increase trade opportunities.
Sam Michel, a spokesman for the US Trade Representative Office, said: "We thank Taiwanese partners for helping us achieve this important milestone and look forward to negotiations about more in the field of trading."
Taiwan -American "21st Century Trade Initiative" in the second round of negotiations ending: Why did Taiwan join the International Economic and Trade Organization why so twists and turns Relax the "Lai Pig" Taiwan Legislative Yuan in the Taiwan Legislative Yuan, the internal organs of pigs and fists flying together Whether Taiwan can go to the full Taiwan and the United States Free Trade Agreement after being tied to the United States and beef Who supports "Wu Tong" Taiwan? What do you say about a poll for interviewees in mainland China? China refers to the "one country, two systems" Taiwan plan, land scholars mention "wisdom" 
从目前公布的内容看，该倡议并未改变台美之间的商品关税，未来谈判重点也没有贸易协定通常会涉及的市场准入商品类别等项目。大多已完成和将要展开的谈判内容主要涉及贸易便利化措施、法律对接和劳工、环境保护事项。但也有支持者对媒体指出，它有助于强化台湾与美国之间的经济纽带，并开放更多美国的产品出口至台湾，还能减少美国企业向台湾出口产品的繁文缛节。

图像来源， Getty Images
中国激烈回应 
对于这份协定，中国外交部发言人毛宁周四就曾警告台湾和美国。
毛宁称，中方一贯坚决反对建交国与中国台湾地区进行任何形式的官方往来，包括商签任何具有主权意涵和官方性质的协定。她称，美方有关行径严重违反一个中国原则和中美三个联合公报规定，也违背美方自己做出的仅同台湾保持非官方关系承诺，中方已经多次就此向美方提出严正交涉。
“美方应当停止任何形式的美台官方往来，不得与中国台湾地区商签具有主权意涵和官方性质的协定，不得借经贸名义向"台独"分裂势力发出任何错误信号。”毛宁说。
周五(2日)，毛宁进一步表示：“所谓"倡议"不过是美方打着经贸合作的幌子，对台予取予夺、敲骨吸髓的‘指挥棒’，是台民进党当局为谋‘独’私利，不惜出卖台湾同胞和企业切身利益、‘害台’‘卖台’的‘投名状’，是美虚化掏空一个中国原则的最新例证。”
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/business-65788057 
Increasing risk in Chinese businessmen, Western manufacturers turned to the "China+N" strategy 
Author: Jon Emont
Publisher: 华尔街日报中文网
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:15:00.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T11:15:00.000Z
Created Time: 2023-06-02T08:06:00.000Z
Description: Western enterprise executives are transferring production business from China to multiple countries in order to prepare for emergencies.
Images: []
Categories: ['商业']
Keywords: SYND,LINK:EN|WP-WSJ-0000910743
Type: Article
Most of the past ten years, Western companies have been looking for the alternative market of the world factory in China, and executives call this transformation as "China +1". And this strategy now looks more and more like "China+N" 。
News Source: https://cn.wsj.com/articles/%E5%9C%A8%E5%8D%8E%E8%90%A5%E5%95%86%E9%A3%8E%E9%99%A9%E5%A2%9E%E5%8A%A0-%E8%A5%BF%E6%96%B9%E5%88%B6%E9%80%A0%E5%95%86%E8%BD%AC%E5%90%91-%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD+n-%E6%88%98%E7%95%A5-25461baa 
The Hong Kong Cinema called to stop on the evening of June or 4, or is it intentional? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:29:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T12:38:11-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Gaoxian Cinema in Hong Kong canceled all private screenings on June 4th this year 记者高锋摄 Audio-1-Link：https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-06022023095327.html/@@stream A movie theater in Hong Kong was scheduled to be displayed on the night of the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th", but suddenly decided to cancel. It is understood that there was a suspicious message in the Facebook account of the cinema, and the organizer of the charter movie did not rule out that someone deliberately destroyed. Some comments believe that the Hong Kong Government has recently mourned the "June 4th" statement on Hong Kong people, which has caused a cold effect.
On the eve of June 4th, Xu Zhiyong called for fasting to mourn "June 4th" * [How do I know the June 4th] Come on the Come on The Gaoxian Cinema involved is located in Kenny Dadi, Hong Kong Island. On the night of the 34th anniversary of the "June 4th", three charter screening was held for the documentary "Not End". There were about 70 audiences per game. On May 31, the hospital suddenly decided to cancel all private screenings on the day of June 4th.
One of the organizers and online shopping platform "Ruyi" quoted Gaoxian Cinema on Facebook that the hospital received the "strong suggestion" of "industry representatives". Decide to cancel the charter.
It is understood that "Not yet End" tells the deeds of the founder of a movie theater in Hong Kong. Some media in Hong Kong found that there have been multiple suspicious account messages in Gaoxian Cinema about "Not yet Ending". Some people mentioned that "finally there is a place to mourn June 4th", and some people claim that "Victoria Garden cannot go, turn around, turn around, turn around, and turn around. You can also mourn at the theater. "
Zhu Jiangwei, the person in charge of "Ruyi" and a former democratic district member of Hong Kong, emphasized that arranging the charter on June 4 is pure coincidence, thinking that the incident is absurd.
Zhu Jiangwei: "I think there is a" cattle ghost snake god "to take the opportunity to dispatch. What is the purpose of me that I can't speculate, but it is even more remembering this day, but this 'remember' is not mourning but destroy. I don’t know what they are People don't know their relationship with the regime, but I feel like a group of people. If this movie is related to June 4th, I have nothing to say, but in fact this activity is not related to June 4th. These people are fundamentally Can't tell the red soap white, anyway, they will execute it when they receive the instructions. "
Every year on the eve of June 4th in recent years, Zhu Jiangwei, a former member of Hong Kong, will send electrical candles from Hong Kong people. (Reporter Gao Feng) ![] [](Images/rfamandarin/2023-06-02T11-29-00-04-00/000003.png) The organizer was the Democratic School in the June 4th School of electrical candles 
On the eve of the "June 4th" in recent years, Zhu Jiangwei will send electrical candles from Hong Kong people to Hong Kong people in the stores he opened. When he held a private film screening last year, the authorities had been sued by the authorities to violate the restriction order. Zhu Jiangwei said that it is difficult to guess whether Gao Xian's cinema has been stressed to be related to his political position, but the stores he operated have repeatedly attracted the attention of the authorities in the near future.
Zhu Jiangwei: "Like a 'with similar pressure. Recently, different departments of the government have come up to investigate. Their based on some citizens complained to us. Still leaving people who want to do more for Hong Kong need to be mentally prepared. It's getting more and more difficult. "
It is not illegal for Hong Kong people to mourn June 4th. Hong Kong Chief Executive Li Jiachao said recently that any public activity and personal behavior must be in line with Hong Kong law. The law enforcement department will deal with each activity and behavior according to law, and everyone must be responsible for personal behavior. If the police find that the behavior does not meet the law, it will be decisively enforced.
Hong Kong judge Liu Ruishao believes that the attitude of the Hong Kong government has formed a cicada effect.
Liu Ruishao: "The official taboo" June 4th ", warn the" June 4th "activity, do not pass the red line. Whether the cold cicada effect is formed has been pressed down layer by layer and whether there will be some types of establishments (pro -Beijing camps ) Friends are in a mentality of not wanting too many things, so that they will always be over the bottom. This often appears in Chinese political culture. "
Hong Kong filmmaker spokesman Tian Qiwen believes that Gaoxian Cinema needs to openly explain who the "industry representative" is the decision and the reasons for canceling the charter to avoid speculation.
Reporter: Editor of Gao Feng: Xu Shuting, Jiayuan.com Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/gf-06022023095327.html 
RCEP takes effect on 15 signed countries 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T11:31:00Z
Description: According to the official website of the Ministry of Commerce of China, on June 2, the "Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement" (RCEP) officially took effect on the Philippines, marking that RCEP took effect on 15 member states.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 经济纵横
Subjects: ['德中关系', '岛屿主权争端', '专题报道：全景观看“习马会”', '中国', '菲律宾', '中共十九大']
Keywords: ['RCEP', '区域全面经济伙伴关系协定', '东南亚国家联盟', '中国', '企业', '菲律宾', '外资', '多边贸易']
Id: 65804548
The Philippines's population in 2022 is about 110 million
(Voice of German in China) The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (RCEP) (Regional Comprehensive EconomicPartneership (abbreviated as RCEP) was initiated by the Ten Kingdoms of the Southeast Asian National Alliance and was initiated by the National People's Republic of China, Japan, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, etc. ASEAN has a free trade agreement with the Five Party, which has a free trade agreement, and a total of 15 parties formed.
The total population, total GDP value, and cargo trade amount of RCEP region account for about 30 % of global. After the RCEP takes effect, the tariff reduction between members includes different commitments such as the immediately dropped to zero tariffs and zero tariffs within 10 years. More than 90%of the cargo trade in the area will eventually achieve zero tariffs, and ultimately forms a free trade zone with the largest number of global population and the largest economic and trade scale.
RCEP officially took effect on January 1, 2022 The first effective countries include six ASEAN countries such as Brunei, Cambodia, Laos, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam, as well as non -ASEAN countries such as China, Japan, New Zealand, and Australia. In 2022, the agreement took effect on South Korea, Malaysia, and Myanmar. From January 2, 2023, it took effect on Indonesia. As RCEP officially took effect on the Philippines on June 2, all 15 member states completed the effective procedure.
Bringing bonus to Chinese companies 
According to the Ministry of Commerce of China, the comprehensive effect of RCEP fully reflects the determination and actions of the 15 -party to support openness, freedom, fairness, tolerance, and regular multilateral trading system, which will inject strong driving force into the regional economic integration and comprehensively improve East Asian trade in East Asia Trade The level of investment liberalization and facilitation has played an important role in China's stabilization of foreign trade and stabilizing foreign investment, and brought bonus and benefits to the majority of Chinese companies.
Philippine President Marcos met with the visiting Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang on April 22, 2023
According to data, the Ministry of Commerce of China said that in 2022, the total import and export of other members of China and RCEP was 1.295 trillion yuan, an increase of 7.5%year -on -year, accounting for 30.8%of China's total foreign trade import and export. In the first four months of 2023, the total imports and exports of other members of China and RCEP were 4.12 trillion yuan, an increase of 7.3%year -on -year, accounting for 30.9%of China's total foreign trade import and export. In addition, in 2022, China's actual use of other members of RCEP investment was US $ 23.53 billion, an increase of 23.1%year -on -year. In the first four months of 2023, China's actual use of other members of RCEP was nearly 8.9 billion US dollars, an increase of more than 13.7%year -on -year.
China is the largest trading partner, the largest source of imports and the third largest export market in the Philippines. After RCEP's official effect on the Philippines, after a certain transition period, the Philippines will gradually zero tariffs on Chinese cars and components, parts of plastic products, textiles, and air -conditioning washing machines from 3%to 30%. In the field of services and investment, the Philippines promises to open the market for more than 100 service departments. According to Chinese customs data, in 2022, the total import and export trade between China and the Philippines was US $ 87.73 billion, a year -on -year increase of 7.1%. In the first four months of 2023, the total import and export of China's imports and exports to the Philippines was US $ 26.46 billion, a year -on -year increase of 3.6%.(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/rcep对15个签署国全面生效/a-65804548?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The report states that China strengthens the collection of open source intelligence in the United States 
Creator: JULIAN E. BARNES
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:35:40+08:00
Description: The new report shows that the Chinese government and enterprises are increasing their efforts to collect public data from the Pentagon, Think Tanks and private companies. Analysis believes that the source of discount information can make China have advantages in collecting the information of the United States and its allies. Adam dean for the New York Times 2018, U.S. soldiers drove naval reconnaissance aircraft to fly to the China Sea Vietnam.
Images: [" 01dc-china-in... "]
Category: 中国
Type: Article
 A new report states that China's intelligence agencies are investing in open source intelligence to learn more about the US military's capabilities in the Pacific and other regions.
This Analysis Report A threat intelligence company named RecordedFuture, which details the efforts of the Chinese government and enterprises to collect public data from the Pentagon, Think Tank and Private Companies -the Beijing Military can use this information to help plans for potential conflicts with the United States.
Why is this very important: Beijing's collection of open source intelligence can bring it advantages. 
As the US -China confrontation intensifies, both countries are increasing their investment in intelligence collection.
advertise
With Beijing's investment in big data management, the source of information on public information can enable China to dominate the intelligence of the United States and its allies.
Although authoritarian countries like China hide their information about their own army, the United States, as a democratic country trying to make rapid response to the public, has released a lot of information about its military capabilities, theories and plans.
China can dig this information and find materials that can be used for their own military advantages. For example, the report detailed some of the tasks done by a major Chinese open source intelligence company to analyze viewing analysis from the "Network Evaluation Office" from the Pentagon's internal think tank "Network Evaluation Office". RecordedFuture also outlines how China tries to collect information released by the Naval War Academy on the Naval War of New Potter.
"There is a China Maritime Research Institute, which has conducted a large number of open source research on China," said Zoy Haval, threat intelligence analyst of RecordedFuture. "This is completed in the academic environment, but after all, it will be identified as valuable intelligence by the foreign government."
Military officials did not comment on the report immediately.
Background: China is digging information about the U.S. military. 
In recent decades, China's ability to collect secret information has made rapid progress, and Beijing has increased its investment in open source information in the past decade.
The definition of open source intelligence is widely defined, but Recorded Future has studied information about the Chinese People's Liberation Army's intelligence agencies to help them formulate plans and develop military information.
advertise
Recorded Future launched a survey on a contract issued by the military to Chinese private companies, allowing them to collect a series of open source information, including materials related to the US military and their defense work in Taiwan.
"To a large extent, the PLA assumes that the United States will intervene in Taiwan's conflict in some form, and they work hard to prepare for this situation," Haval said.
Most of the contents of Beijing's excavation from open source data are likely to be in the hands of individual Chinese spy institutions. However, according to the analyst of RecordedFuture, Chinese intelligence agencies are their own politics and will not share information. Compared with asking confidential information from sister spy agencies, for some intelligence agencies of the PLA, it is easier to develop an open source source information about American capabilities.
Next: Collecting open source information challenges to democratic countries. 
Considering the public information of the United States and its allies, Recorded Future acknowledged security issues, but cutting off the wide access to data may not be a solution.
On the contrary, Haval said that RecordedFuture hopes that people realize the collection of open source intelligence, which will help private sector companies, military, and other government agencies to better manage this risk and make it more difficult for automatic network crawlery to from the public database. Or grab information on the website. She also encouraged private companies to conduct due diligence on Chinese companies trying to buy their information.
advertise
"In the final analysis, we don't want Western countries to close their information environment," Haval said. "That's not even a good thing. We value openness."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/china/20230602/china-us-open-source-intelligence/ 
The leader of the technology industry warns that AI may bring "extinction risk" to humans 
Creator: KEVIN ROOSE
Publisher: https://www.facebook.com/nytimeschinese
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:36:59+08:00
Description: This statement signed by many executives and researchers of many artificial intelligence companies stated that the AI technology they are developing may pose a threat to humans and should be regarded as the same social risks as epidemic and nuclear wars, and they are more stringent. Supervision. Jim Lo Scalzo/EPA, Via Shutterstock, including OPENAI CEO Sam Altman, signed an open letter to executives of the leading artificial intelligence company, asking people to be alert to the risk of artificial intelligence.
Images: [" 30AI-SAFETY-0... "]
Category: 科技
Type: Article
 A group of industry leaders warned on Tuesday that the artificial intelligence technology they are developing may pose a threat to human survival one day, and should be regarded as the same social risks as the major epidemic and nuclear war.
Non -profit organization artificial intelligence security center published a copy only one sentence statement Writing: "The risk of reducing artificial intelligence should become a priority of the world, just like the risk of other social scale -such as a major epidemic and nuclear war." This open letter is more than 350 in artificial intelligence work Sign signed by executives, researchers and engineers.
Sign signeders include three leading executives of artificial intelligence companies: OPENAI CEO Sam Altman, Google DeepMind CEO Jimis Kazakhs, and Anthropic CEO Dario Amoda Yi.
Jeffrey Simon and Joshua Benjio are two of the three researchers who have won the Turing Award for their pioneering work in neural networks. They are usually regarded as the "godfather" of the modern artificial intelligence movement. They also signed the statement, and there were other outstanding researchers in this field.(As of Tuesday, Yang Lekun, the third Turing Prize winner and the head of the Meta artificial intelligence research project, has not signed.)advertise
The statement was issued when people's possibilities of artificial intelligence were increasingly worried. Recently, the so -called large -scale language model, that is, the progress made by the artificial intelligence system used by ChatGPT and other chat robots has caused people's concerns -artificial intelligence may soon be used to spread error information and publicity, or It may eliminate millions of white -collar jobs.
Some people believe that in the end, artificial intelligence may become strong enough. If no measures are taken to slow down its development, it may cause social scale destruction within a few years, although researchers sometimes do not explain how this happens.
These concerns have been recognized by many industry leaders, which has made them in an unusual situation. They claim that they are developing a technology -in many cases, they are desperately working to draw faster than competitors than competitors. ——The constitutional risk and stricter supervision should be subject to stricter.
This month, Altman, Kazakhs, and Amandi met with US President Biden and Vice President Harris to discuss artificial intelligence regulatory issues. In the Senate Explanation after the Conference Among them, Altman warned that the risks of advanced artificial intelligence systems have been seriously enough to need government intervention and call for supervision of potential harm of artificial intelligence.
In an interview, Dan Hungrik, Executive Director of the Artificial Intelligence Safety Center that this open letter represents the "out of the counter" of some industry leaders, and they have expressed concern about the risks they are developing. Private.
"Even in the artificial intelligence industry, there are generally misunderstandings, thinking that only a few people are doctrines," said Hendrik. "But in fact, many people will worry about these things privately."
advertise
Some suspects believe that artificial intelligence technology is still too immature, which is not enough to constitute a threat of life and death. For today's artificial intelligence system, they are more worried about not long -term danger, but short -term issues, such as prejudice reactions and incorrect reactions.
However, some people believe that the progress of artificial intelligence is too fast, so that its performance in some areas has exceeded the level of human beings, and it will soon surpass humans in other fields. They said that this technology has shown signs of advanced ability and advanced understanding, which makes people worry that "general artificial intelligence"(AGI)——It artificial intelligence that can be achieved or exceeded in various tasks -may not be far from us.
In a blog post last week Among them, two other executives of Ortman and Openai proposed several methods to manage powerful artificial intelligence systems responsible for managing powerful artificial intelligence systems. They call on leading artificial intelligence manufacturers to cooperate, conduct more technical research on large language models, and set up an international artificial intelligence security organization similar to international atomic energy agencies (designed to control the use of nuclear weapons).
Altman also stated that he supports the formulation of rules and requires a large -scale cutting -edge artificial intelligence model to register to obtain a permit issued by the government.
In March of this year, more than 1,000 technicians and researchers signed another public letter It is called to suspend the development of the largest artificial intelligence model for six months, because it is worried that "the competition for more powerful digital thinking is out of control".
This letter was led by another non -profit organization that focuses on artificial intelligence, the Life Future Institute, and Elon Musk signed with other well -known technology leaders, but there are not many signatures from the leading artificial intelligence laboratory.
advertise
Hendrix said the short new statement of the Artificial Intelligence Safety Center -only 22 English words in total -aimed at uniting artificial intelligence experts, which may have differences in the nature of specific risks or measures to prevent these risks from occurring these risks. , But they have common concerns about the powerful artificial intelligence system.
"We don't want to promote a large menu containing 30 potential intervention measures," he said. "This kind of thing will dilute the information."
The statement was originally shared with several well -known artificial intelligence experts, including Sington. Sington this month resigned from the job in Google He said that he can talk about the potential harm of artificial intelligence more freely. After that, the statement entered several major artificial intelligence laboratories, and then some employees signed it.
As hundreds of millions of people use artificial intelligence chat robots to seek entertainment, companionship, and improve work efficiency, and the rapid progress of underlying technology, the urgency of warnings from the leaders in this field is also increasing.
"I think if there is a problem with this technology, there may be major problems," Altman told the Senate Group Committee. "We hope to cooperate with the government to prevent this situation."
News Source: https://cn.nytimes.com/technology/20230531/ai-threat-warning/ 
Yu Wensheng's wife Xu Yan was accused of "inciting subversion" after being charged with "incitement and subversive" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:38:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T13:06:28-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Xu Yan, who was charged with "incitement", took a photo with her husband Yu Wensheng, Twitter/Lawyer Yu Wensheng's wife Xu Yan @xuyan709
According to the information released on June 1st on the China Civil Rights Organization of the Chinese Civil Rights Organization, Xu Yan, the wife of Human Rights Lawyer Yu Wensheng, was recently accused by the Shi Jingshan Branch of the Beijing Public Security Bureau. However, the guardian was rejected on the grounds that the public security temporary report was rejected.
Some people familiar with the matter previously revealed to this station that Xu Yan's charges of being charged with "incitement" are far more serious than the so -called "provocation". Capture the family of victims of the case.
It is reported that Yu Wensheng and Xu Yan were invited to the EU on the way to the EU on April 13, and were intercepted by four national security personnel wearing plain clothes when taking the subway. One of the National Security claims that they must be summoned verbally. Two days later, a number of policemen went to Yu Wensheng's residence to search and read the criminal detention notice of the two people who had just turned the 18 -year -old son.
Minsheng observations disclosed that Yu Wensheng and Xu Yan were approved to be arrested. They may be related to Xu Zhiyong and Ding Jiaxi who have been re -sentenced. At present, some human rights lawyers have been warned by the authorities to not be able to represent the case.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/1-06022023113611.html 
Shangri -La dialogue 2023: The world is waiting to see the Sino -US defense ministers "passing by", and the Taiwan Strait North Korea adds haze 
Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcworldservice/
Publisher: BBC News 中文
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:38:33.000Z
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T11:38:33.000Z
Description: In the context of Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu's refusal to meet with US Secretary of Defense Austin, the world's security leaders gathered in Singapore to observe how the two major powers were shot and swords.
Images: [" _129966745_07... "]
Videos: []
Tags: ['新加坡', '中美关系', '朝鲜', '中國', '韩国', '美国', '东南亚', '军事']
Type: Article
Shangri -La Dialogue 2023: The world is waiting to see the Sino -US defense chief "passing by", and the Taiwan Strait North Korea adds haze 
11:38 noon on June 2, 2023![] Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
Singapore Minister of Defense Huang Yonghong (right), the Ministry of Defense, welcomed the Minister of Defense Li Shangfu (left). Beijing claims that Li Shangfu does not meet with Austin, and "responsibility is exactly the United States."
IISS SHANGRI-LADialogue held the 20th session in the context of the continued conjunction of China and the United States. The world's national defense security officers, arms dealers and diplomats have gathered in Singapore to observe how the two major powers are swords. 
According to the organizer, Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese will be given the keynote speech on Friday (June 2) in the evening. "For the speech, the Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu Army will preach the" Chinese New Security Initiative "on Sunday (4th) on Sunday (4th).
Before the meeting, the US Pentagon stated that General Li Shangfu, who was sanctioned by the United States, rejected the invitation to meet with Austin, indicating that the two parties would "pass by" during the meeting.
In addition to Sino -US relations, more than 600 representatives from more than 40 countries are expected to discuss issues such as international tension, the North Atlantic Convention Organization (NATO) and Asian relations, and the North Korean nuclear military plan caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. However, neither Russia and North Korea were sent to attend.
NATO "Dongjin" set up the Tokyo liaison office Ukraine War to give birth to the "Little NATO" in Asia? Bayeng government out of the "oolong", the US -China relations "recover" and then the shadow G7 Summit: Joint statement that the sword refers to China's "economic coercion" Zelei Skiski on the last day Sino -U.S. Games and the South Pacific dispute: Bayeng canceled whether the visit to Pakistan the United States can compete with China The first island chain: Bynden re -connected the breakout of Asian allies and China The Shangri -La Dialogue Organization of the Institute of International Strategy (IISS) Southeast Asian politics and foreign researcher Aaron Conneelly said to the BBC WorldService: "Southeast Asia and the broader Pacific region are paired China ’s actions in the South China Sea and the Taiwan Strait are worried, but there are relatively some people who are worried that the United States and its allies have to do what we often call the Minilateral through the establishment of these, such as QUAD —— That is Japan, India, Australia and the United States -as well as the AUKUS Club between the United States, Australia and the United Kingdom(https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-64961015)They will also build nuclear -powered submarines under this contract. "
"I believe this will also be one of the topics of dialogue."
China -US Defense Minister's meeting is difficult to meet expectations 
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Austin believes that China intercept the provocation of the US military's machinery, which is worrying. The Chinese People's Liberation Army's southern theater refers to the US "wicked first priority".
Since the beginning of this year, Sino -US relations have been reappearing because of balloon storms, and before that, it has been nervous because of Taiwan and trade issues.
On the eve of the Shangri -La dialogue, Taipei and Washington signed "[21st Century Trade initiative] on Thursday (1st) Washington on Thursday (1st)(https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/business-65788057)"The first batch of agreements. China said on Friday that" strong dissatisfaction and had a serious negotiation to the United States. "
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said that signing this agreement "is the latest example of the virtualization of beauty and empty the Chinese principle", and requires the United States to "stop and immediately revoke the so -called 'initiative' and agreement, and stop sending any of the split forces to the 'Taiwan independence' division forces. Error signals, otherwise the consequences of this must be completely borne by the United States. "
Coupled with Washington and Beijing this week, the United States accused the Chinese fighter "provocative" US reconnaissance aircraft in the South China Sea On the eve of the dialogue, the US -China relations can be described as cold wind.
Council On Foreign Relations, a senior researcher at the National Security Affairs, Richardbetts, said to the BBC TV news station: "(China and the United States) are concerned about how to avoid direct conflicts -there is no doubt that because there is no doubt because Many obvious reasons, they all hope to avoid war -but there are currently no clear or obvious ways to solve the Taiwan problem. "
Bates said that China originally hoped to press the Taiwan issue to be disappeared, but recently changed. Taiwan is not an independent country, but due to a certain degree of protection in the United States, Washington must face the reality that it is not easy to deal with the strategy of responding to the Taiwan Strait.
After the Pentagon announced on Monday (May 29) announced that after Li Shangfu refused to meet with Austin, the Chinese Ministry of Defense spokesman Tan Kefei said on Tuesday (31st) and said: "The dialogue must not have no principles, and the communication cannot be communicated. The responsibility is exactly in the United States. "
Austin transferred from Tokyo, Japan to Singapore to attend the Shangri -La dialogue on Thursday that China refused to meet as "unfortunate". "I think the Ministry of National Defense should talk to each other often, or to establish a communication channel."Image source, EPA
Image adding text,
The Shangri -La dialogue ushered in the 20th session.
The Global Times of the CCP's "People's Daily" quoted "a Chinese scholar" on Friday, saying: "Just like the role played by the United States in the Russian conflict, the United States has continued to do things in Asia Pacific, trying to disrupt this area in order to disrupt this area in order to disrupt this area in order to disrupt this area in order to disrupt this area in order to disrupt this area in order to disrupt this area in order to disrupt this region in order Fishing from it. "
"However, the United States never wants to directly conflict with a big country. It is afraid of wiping guns and getting angry.
Allen Connery, a senior researcher at the Institute of International Strategy, believes that Sino -US relations are not tight, so that the entire forum will be shadowed.
Connerly said to BBC: "By bringing both the United States and China to Southeast Asia to publish its position, this can force them to think about what the region wants to develop in this area and what they can do to ease tension. "
At the Japan Seventh -National Group (G7) summit held in May, US President Joe Biden had predicted that Sino -US relations were expected to thaw, and Huafu's internal "consultation" was also "negotiating" to lift the sanctions against Li Shangfu.
The G7 leaders also said in a joint statement that countries hope to seek reducing risks in relations with China rather than De-Couple.
Image source, reuters
Image adding text,
Taiwan's security issues have continued to become Sino -US relations.
But Dr Lynn Kuok, a senior researcher at the Asia -Pacific Security Institute, who is also from the Institute of International Strategy, told Reuters that she was not optimistic about improving US -China relations.
"We should focus here to arrange guardrails to prevent compete from falling into the whirlpool and evolving into an open comprehensive conflict.
Yang Nianzu, the former Minister of Defense, who attended the meeting, pointed out to the Taiwan Central News Agency that he expects that Li Shangfu will show that China ’s position on Taiwan’ s issue and elaborates China's security strategic blueprint. The two sides will have relatively tit -tat words.
North Korean missile threat 
Singapore's "Straits Times" quoted Dr. Zhuang Jiaying, an associate professor at the Department of Political Science at the National University of Singapore, said that it will continue to support Ukraine's anti -Japanese war, control the North Korean and Iranian weapons and missile plans, and how to cope with the spillover effect of the Myanmar civil war. Focus.
Compared to China and the United States, "passing by", South Korean Minister of Defense Li Zhongzheng will meet Li Shangfu during the dialogue. According to the Yonhap News Agency, the South Korean side will clearly point out at the meeting that North Korea ’s nuclear guidance provokes to severely damage regional peace and stability, and calls on China to play a constructive role to promote North Korea's restraint and provocations.
Korean Wednesday (31st) launched spy satellites failed On the eve of the dialogue, the official North Korean Society issued a document to warn the Northern Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) activities in the Asia -Pacific region. Jensstoltenberg, Secretary -General of NATO, condemned the satellite launch of the North Korean satellite. It was the origin of this article.
The article said: "If, the launch of my country's military reconnaissance satellites makes NATO worry, which clearly shows that NATO tries to the insidious heart of the opportunity to intervene in the Asia -Pacific affairs on the grounds of the unnecessary 'North Korea threat'."
"Recently, the increasingly active NATO, Japan and South Korea's representative office and network joint training are representative evidence, which indicates that the military collusion activities of the Atlantic and Pacific aggression forces have entered a dangerous signal of a comprehensive implementation stage."
"If NATO continues to attempt to infringe the sovereignty and security interests of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, we will regard NATO as the same opponent as the United States to deal with it."
In May this year, Japan confirmed that NATO will set up a liaison office in Tokyo in July, but at the same time clarify that Japan has no intention of applying to join NATO. In addition to North Korea, China also set up a offices to propose dissatisfaction.
Chen Yaohua, assistant professor of Chinese research at the Chinese University of International Education (Akita International University) Earlier to BBC Chinese The interaction between Japan and NATO is at least in the short term, which is more symbolic than substantial significance.
Richard Bates, a senior researcher at the American Foreign Relations Association, commented on the BBC that North Korea has difficulty in the United States because of its nuclear weapons and its own "crazy" characteristics. However, the United States needs to guarantee the long -term commitments of the allies to South Korea. It is a way to explain these guarantees to the local and US military soldiers and register defense resources to the local area.
News Source: https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-65788097 
The Rights Protection Network released the "Mainland China in Politics and the Month Report of Conscience" involved in 1563 people 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:42:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T13:06:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Rights Protection Network issued the "Monthly Report on Political Prisoners and Conscience in Mainland China" on Wednesday (May 31). Screenshot of the official website
The Rights Protection Network issued the "Monthly Report on Political Prisoners and Conscience in Mainland China" on Wednesday (May 31). The report passes through real -name statistics, and statistics are performed from the approval of the death penalty, the death of death, the life imprisonment to the sentence, the unknown period and the inadequate sentence of the sentence. There were 1,563 criminals.
The report specifically pointed out that the famous human rights defender Guo Feixiong (real name Yang Maodong) was sentenced to 8 years in prison by the Guangzhou Intermediate Court on May 11 and deprived of political rights for 3 years. Guo Feixiong was prison this time because he asked to take care of his illness in the United States. At the same time, Hong Kong residents Qin Qiuyan (Nicole), due to the participation of the citizenship in the southern citizen, the Hong Kong "counter -delivery" movement and citizen gathering, etc., is currently learned that after being arrested by the police in Liuzhou, Guangxi in April 2021, it has been sentenced to 6 years in prison for 6 years. Essence In addition, Wuhan Citizen reporter Fang Bin was prisoned by the authorities for three years, and was released on April 30, but he was not fully free. Wang Aizhong, one of the advocate advocates of the Southern Street Movement in Guangzhou, was sentenced to 3 years by the Tianhe District Court of Guangzhou on May 18 for 3 years. The report also pointed out that the CCP's brutal suppression of Falun Gong is still continuing, but the resistance of Falun Gong practitioners is still as good as ever. Falun Gong practitioners are also the group with the largest number of members of the authorities per month.
The Rights Protection Network emphasizes that the situation of political prisoners and conscience of a country is one of its most important human rights indicators. The report reveals the current harsh human rights overview of mainland China through regular statistics and release of the latest information. The situation, strives to evoke the memory of the international community on the political prisoners and conscience of China, and give continuous attention and appeal until they get freedom.
Edit: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/2-06022023114004.html 
Why does the US -China relations deteriorate Beijing as a guest? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (许宁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:43:51+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 03:43:51Z
Description: Tesla CEO Elon Musk visited China after a lapse of three years and was received by Beijing's high specifications. The analysis believes that China uses international business leaders like Musk to reshape its "open" image, and international companies will inevitably be affected by the "reverse wind" of US -China relations while being eager to maintain the Chinese market.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '经济·金融·贸易', '中国', '科技']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/musk-china-visit-20230601/7119766.html 
Some civil aviation flights of China, partial flights of the Golden Gate and Taiwan Military: due to weather effects 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:48:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T13:05:51-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Some civil aviation flights in China had a situation of partiality to the airspace near Golden Gate on June 2. Original picture intercept from flightradar24.com website
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency reported on June 2, the Taiwan military monitoring at noon on the same day found that some civil aviation flights in China had a situation of partial offset to the airspace near Golden Gate.
The Ministry of National Defense of Taiwan issued a press release that the national military supervisory unit discovered that there were partial off -air flights in the southeast coastal civil aviation flights in the southeast of the mainland, that is, to verify with the civil aviation unit, it was learned that the Shanghai Fei Airlines Intelligence Zone had informed Taiwan's civil aviation units and affected by weather factors. Some civil aviation flights will be partial to the airspace near Golden Gate.
The Taiwan military said that it will continue to be closely monitored with civil aviation units to ensure Taiwan's air defense safety.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/3-06022023114332.html 
"Wall Street Journal": The United States establishes outpost bases in Asia to respond to Chinese missile threats 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:55:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T14:17:50-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the US Army's P-3 "Orion" maritime patrol aircraft deployed at the base of the princess port in western Philippines Reuters information picture
According to the US "Wall Street Journal" reported on June 2, in order to cope with the increasing military challenges from China, the United States has adopted a new military strategy in Asia, including increasing outpost bases to get rid of serious dependence on large military bases.
This weekend, the Shangri -La dialogue attended by the Minister of Defense of many countries will begin. China's increasing military power and the US military existence in Asia are expected to become one of the themes of the meeting. China recently rejected the requirements of the United States on the meeting during the meeting.
It is reported that as the Chinese missile library has expanded and technology is becoming more advanced, the large bases of the U.S. military in Asia are increasingly dangerous. By dispersing weapons, troops, and command posts to smaller outpost bases, the United States hopes that China will make it more difficult for China to launch a blow by weakening any single military facilities.
According to Pentagon estimates, more than 1,300 ballistic missiles in China can be used to combat the Asia -Pacific goals, of which more than 250 can be played in the United States' main military base in Guam.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/4-06022023114919.html 
The 34th anniversary of the June 4th Incident urges the Chinese government to recognize the responsibility of slaughtering the city 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T11:59:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T13:05:25-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The human rights observation of the International Human Rights issued a statement on the eve of the June 4th anniversary of the June 4th incident, urging the Chinese government to recognize the responsibility of large -scale killing of democratic movement demonstrators. Screenshot of Human Rights Watch official website
The human rights observation of international human rights organizations headquartered in New York, USA issued a statement on the eve of the June 4th anniversary of the June 4th incident, urging the Chinese government to recognize the responsibility of large -scale killings of democratic movements and provide compensation for the dead and their families.
The statement pointed out that when the global people mourned the June 4th massacre of 1989, the Chinese authorities were increasingly actively eliminated related memories, and began to prevent the people's mourning from a few weeks before the 64th anniversary. The members of the rights protection and members of the June 4th deaths of the June 4th deaths "Tiananmen Mother" are restricted to act and connect with the outside world. The Chinese government has never acknowledged the responsibility of the slaughter, nor has it been pursued by any official's legal responsibility. It has no intention of investigating related incidents, nor to announce the information of being killed, killed, forced to disappear or prison.
Human rights observations have stated that the lack of long -term consistent international response to the June 4th slaughter and its subsequent suppression is one of the factors that have caused the Beijing authorities to invade human rights. As a number of international human rights treaties and the current members of the UN Human Rights Council, China has the obligation to "maintain the highest standards for human rights."
Human rights observation urges the Chinese government to respect the rights of remarks, freedom of association, and peaceful assembly, and stop harassing and arbitrarily detaining those who question the official statement of June 4th; apologize to members of the "mother of Tiananmen", announce the list Family members provide compensation; approve an open independent investigation of June 4th and follow -up incidents, and quickly announce the results and conclusions of the investigation; allow Chinese citizens who are involved in exile and exile involved in the 1989 democratic movement. Government and military officials who illegally use fatal force in the masses and prosecute them.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/5-06022023115605.html 
6.4 Avoiding the day of the Beijing forced tourist objections to step up to drive human rights lawyers 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (叶兵)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T12:01:09+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 16:54:56Z
Description: On the occasion of the 34th anniversary of the Tiananmen incident that shocked the world, the CCP authorities were still re -elected after the Party General Secretary Xi Jinping, and after experiencing three years of epidemic and white paper movement, as always, she still avoided it without mentioning the "calming counter -revolutionary riots" that year or later diluted. The history of "political storm" has repeatedly emphasized national security, highly alert, and strengthened strict monitoring of political sensitive figures. It is required that they are in contact with the outside world in the sensitive period of June 4th, and even forced some objender people. To travel, at the same time, we stepped up some human rights lawyers and relatives in Beijing, which seriously interfered with their normal life and work.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '人权', '纪念六四']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/beijing-escalates-security-measures-by-driving-away-dissidents-and-rights-lawyers-prior-to-34th-anniversary-of-tiananmen-massacre-20230602/7119401.html 
Column | Labor News: Fujian Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd. is closed, not paying arrears of salary (4) 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T12:02:48-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T12:02:48-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Photo: RFA Audio-Link: https: // Woohoo. Hair dye .org/mandarin/column/labor communication/good place -06022023090338.html/@@ stream After the May 1st Labor Day holiday this year, the workers of Fujian Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd. returned to the factory on the first day of work, and was informed by the factory. Enterprise Close Essence The factory also violated the law that the workers must sign a voluntary resignation letter before they issued the salary of March that had been arrears.
Workers are dissatisfied with the factory's approach to gather at the factory gate to confront the manager. Some workers sent a confrontation scene in Douyin Video Essence
Some netizens commented behind the video that Jiaxin Factory was a good factory that is difficult to enter.
Some netizens left a message saying that a few days ago, a factory next to Wuli Industrial Zone was also the same. The factory had to dissolve, but called the employee to write a resignation, and the salary was only 70 %. Some netizens left a message and said that recently, several Jinjiang factories have disbanded. Why?
It should be asked why!
Obviously it is a factory, but in order to evade the payment of the labor contract compensation, the factory dares to ask the workers to sign a voluntary resignation letter illegally. why?
As early as 2012, the Jiaxin Factory established the "CPC Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd. Company Branch Committee ". Since there are party branches, there should be factory unions. The illegal acts of the factory occur under the eyelids of the party branch and union. So where is the union? And when the workers have already moved their rights to defend their rights, Why can't I see the shadow of the union?
On March 14 this year, that is, Jiaxin Factory suddenly announced the suspension of business and asked the workers to sign the voluntary leaving letter 6 weeks before, China Industry Network had published an article report It is said that the Jinjiang Federation of Trade Unions continue to explore how to better use collective consultations to safeguard the rights and interests of employees and promote the development of the enterprise.
We have reason to doubt that the party branch and trade union of Jiaxin Factory is well -known, and has not played any role in ensuring the right of the workers in the factory. China Industry.com reports that the continuous exploration of collective negotiations by the Federation of Trade Unions of the Jinjiang City is only in order to complete the propaganda tasks and publish the so -called positive energy reported by the unions reported by the unions in various places.
In reality, truly meaningful collective negotiations and collective negotiations have never entered any enterprise. Otherwise, Jiaxin, a 27 -year -old factory, and was a good factory that was difficult to enter in the minds of workers. What about this unscrupulous employer?
With these issues, I tried to find the local unions of Jinjiang there, and tried to persuade the union to enter the scene of the labor and management confrontation, representing the workers negotiating negotiation with the factory. The process can be described as twists and turns.
It turned out that in Fujian, who had been the governor of Xi Jinping, to this day, the village staff knew that the labor and management confrontation had occurred but was unwilling to go to the scene to understand the situation. The so -called grid work is even more terrible. If the labor and capital confrontation is not assigned to the lattice of the union staff, the trade union cannot go over to the scene to represent the workers and the enterprise.
As early as 4 years ago, in 2019, the former General Secretary of Fujian Governor Xi Jinping once scolded Full of food all day long, lazy and inaction.
As the saying goes, you let me go to Yang Guan Dao, but I only love Dulin Bridge. 4 years ago, the current lazy officials actually made a layer of "cocoon" for themselves, and used "making cocoons self -binding".
What's more, in the Jinjiang River, there are still regulations at the township level, and it is not possible to provide the phone number of the union chairman to the people looking for the town union. In this way, I do n’t know if some of the preparation leaders, including the chairman of the union, can hide behind those who are likely to answer calls who are likely to be unliked. What about the day, the muddy day "?
On February 11, this year, that is, the Jiaxin Factory violated the law and required workers to sign the voluntary resignation letter 10 weeks before, China Industry Network once reported report 说，福建泉州工会根据全总、省总“县级工会加强年”专项工作部署，各市、县工会迅速行动，建立专班，制定方案，围绕政治引领，筑强县级工会这个“桥头堡”，上下联动、稳步推进。
可在今次佳信关厂事件中，根本找不到晋江工会这个桥头堡的专班、方案、联动和推进。
中工网这篇报道说，泉州市总工会每名班子成员挂钩联系1至2个县级工会、2至3家基层工会，常态化沟通联系。
那么，佳信厂作为一家大厂，是由泉州市总工会哪位班子成员挂钩联系、常态沟通的呢？
中工网这篇报道还说，泉州各区县工会尊重基层首创精神，通过自选动作自主创新，目标是提炼一批可复制可推广的好经验、好做法。晋江工会还要根据职工实际需求打造一个2.0版机制。
Another report that CICC has also issued on March 2 this year, the title is "[ Fujian Jinjiang Federation of Trade Unions Construction Models full of effects to make the county -level trade union full of vitality "It reported that the Jinjiang Trade Union focused on the" top five "goals with strong political leadership, strong organizational functions, strong service positions, strong institutional mechanisms, and strong functions. , Strive to consolidate the staff and the masses at the grassroots level, actively perform their duties, and take their responsibilities.
However, in reality, during the closing factory of the Jiaxin Factory, illegal violations of the rights and interests of the workers, but the local union staff did not want to go out to the scene to represent the workers, but wait for the workers to come to the door. Do.
In other words, the "five top five" mentioned in China Industry.com, as well as focusing on the grass -roots level, condensing employees and masses at the grassroots level, actively performing their duties, and being courageous. It has not happened, and even has always been a pile of empty slogans that use the "Xuanke of the Make -ups, and have no intention".
In this report, CICC has also piled up a series of new terms, such as: Jinjiang Trade Union innovative "hierarchical fixed, classified management" model, and step by step to grasp the demonstration to form a "cultivation, improvement, demonstration" enterprise with gradual step -by -step enterprises. The construction mechanism of the union, and so on, the clouds of Yunshan are dazzling.
The good situation of enterprises ".
The report also specifically mentioned a bunch of unknown effects, including: creating a working base for the integration of employees in the Jinjiang Economic Development Zone, building a work pattern of "union standing, departmental construction, and sharing of employees", integrating trade unions, justice, mediation mediation For the forces, the service structure of "one center, one stop, two points, two courts, and three rooms" is formed to achieve seamless links of conflict adjustment, labor arbitration, and judicial ruling to resolve the "full response" of contradictions.
Looking at these nouns and numbers, I thought of the two scammers tailors in the Andersen fairy tale "Emperor's New Clothing".
For scammers, as long as the money is coming, as for the emperor's buttocks on the street, it is his own business.
The fantastic achievements of the unions reported by China Industry Network, whether the leaders and the leaders of the Communist Party of China and the Communist Party of China can understand, I don't know anyway, I don't understand anyway.
In fact, you only need to illegally ask workers to sign a voluntary resignation letter with the Jialin Customs Factory, but the union has nothing to do with this two things, and put these two things together. Those all day The true face of the scammers who are busy making new clothes, there is nothing to do.
Please listen to me about illegal infringement of workers' rights and interests in Fujian Jinjiang Jiaxin Light Industry Development Co., Ltd., and look for the talks of the union. After listening, tell me how you feel.
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/laogongtongxun/hdf-06022023090338.html 
Comments | He Qinglian: China Local Debt: Blasting Table just beginning 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T12:28:54-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T12:28:54-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 On Weibo, the discussion of the Treasury Bureau of Wuhan Hubei recently publicly reported debt collection in full version Weibo screenshot
Recent Family companies and units repay the arrears that have not repaid the total amount of more than 100 million yuan as of 2018. China's local debt explosion is imminent. These two orders are alarm.
How much do you know about China's local debt? 
The debt of the Chinese government and the estimation of international financial institutions and the Chinese government are different. Here only the estimate of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in February this year: The total debt of China's local financing platform has soared, which has increased from 57 trillion yuan last year to 66 trillion yuan, about 9.5 trillion US dollars, accounting for the Chinese world. Half of the second largest economy. Since then, international financial media such as Reuters have mostly cited this data and said that they are still growing. According to public information in China, most provinces in China are currently debt, and fiscal revenue is in a negative growth state.
China's official data, as of November 2022, the balance of local debt in the country was 35 trillion (as of November 2022); the balance of the central government's debt was 2.33 trillion (internal debt+foreign debt, as of the end of 2021), so the explicitity of the country nationwide The balance of debt is 5.83 trillion.
——The explanation here must be explained that debt balance = total liabilities-paid parts. Chinese local governments borrow new debts to pay the old debt. They are digital games on the book. These numbers are only clear debts and do not include hidden debt. If it includes hidden debt, it is much higher than this.
The local government financing platform plays a key role in national infrastructure project financing, and it is also one of the important driving drivers for economic growth. Local governments 'financing platform has become the "black hole" of China's financial system. It is used to fill the gap of local governments' revenue and expenses. Local fiscal tensions may directly affect Beijing's moderate 5%economic growth goal for this year. Local governments have no fiscal surplus, "cannot repay the debt owed", and many local financing platforms will collapse and face credit breach of contract.
Local debt -Roman City is not built in one day 
However, China's local debt black hole was formed after years. The following only take the history of local debt in Wuhan and Yunnan as an example.
You can find a set of special articles on the Internet "Debt Pressing City: Pain in the Big Wuhan Butterfly Change" http://hb.sina.com.cn/zt/whdebt/index.shtml. If you look closely, you will find that this set of special articles is published in 2012 -11 years ago. This group of articles talked about three major questions:
Looking at Yunnan Province, the province was caught in debt quagmire as early as 2011. In order to build a highway, on May 28, 2006, the Yunnan Provincial Government established a wholly -owned government enterprise "Yunnan Provincial Highway Development Investment Co., Ltd." (referred to as "Yunnan Highway"), with a registered capital of 5 billion yuan. In the past few years, in the construction of infrastructure highways in Yunnan Province, the Yunnan Highway has contributed to the state -owned banks. One is the son of the local government, the other is the son of the central government, and the transportation and railway have always been a large loan for banks. There are future charging rights for pledge, and the reputation of the government and the Ministry of Railways is guaranteed. Loan, the state -owned "two brothers" cooperate happily.
However, there are no hundred days of red. Four years later, in the first half of 2010, the total assets of the Yunnan Highway Company were 131.4 billion yuan, the liabilities were 101.5 billion yuan, and the asset -liability ratio reached 77.24%. Jiang Zhigang, general manager of Yunnan Highway, admits at the Economic Activity Analysis Conference in the first half of 2010 that "the company's capital turnover may break, unable to repay the principal and interest of bank loans, and may cause bad debt loss to banks and form financial risks." More than a dozen credit banks such as the National Bank of China and ICBC issued a letter of letter from "now, only paying interest and not repaid". At this time, Yunnan Province thought that Yunnan was located in the mountains and mountains. Whether it was a bridge, it was almost impossible to recover the cost. The Yunnan Provincial Government played the "third -party role" between the Yunnan Highway and the state -owned bank's "government companies" to adjust, requiring the Yunnan Highway to withdraw the above official letters, and make a commitment to increase capital, advance, subsidies, etc. to help the company Temporary crossing is difficult, but risks have not been eliminated.
The Dian Highway's repayment storm has aroused questions about the risk of government debt. According to the 2010 Audit Report of the National Audit Department of China, as of the end of 2010, except for 54 county -level governments, there was no government debt, and a total of 107.17491 billion yuan in local government debt balances of the provincial, cities, and counties. In this huge debt, how many risks have been hidden, there is no authoritative data at present. The situation of other provinces is roughly the same. Since the 2008 US financial crisis spreads the world, the Chinese government invested 5 trillion to rescue the city in 2009. Eight immortals across the world and showed their magical powers and became infrastructure madness. This time cleaning up, cutting continuously, and chaotic, everyone knows that the existence of this gray rhino, no one can invite this giant beast.
Self -made Xinxin Pills regardless of 
Do the Chinese government know the local debt crisis? of course I know.
On February 16 this year, Sina Finance boarded a "31 provincial local government debt panoramic scan: who is more and less pressure", and comprehensively sorted out the local explicit debt stock, interest payment situation and investment. The results are as follows as follows. : 1. In 2022, the balance of local government bonds in China was as high as 35 trillion yuan, creating historical records. The first year of interest expenditure exceeded 1 trillion yuan;3. Among the 27 provinces calculated in this article, 23 provinces have the debt rate of 23 provinces than 100%of the warning line, of which Tianjin is as high as 295.7%, and Jilin, Yunnan, Liaoning, Guizhou, Fujian, Chongqing, Qinghai's debt ratio exceeds 150%of more than 150% It shows that the situation of local debt is not matched with financial resources;
The conclusion of this article is that as of the end of 2022, the local government's debt ratio was 29.1%. After the central government's government debt, the government's debt ratio was 50.1%, which was lower than the international alert value. — Considering the domestic public opinion environment, the author's conclusion can be understood, because the risk is too large, and those with professional knowledge can see 16 charts and related data in the text to draw conclusions.
After three and a half months published this article, Wuhan and Yunnan successively staged the drama in the beginning of this article due to the lack of financial resources of the local government and the tightening of the tightening of income pressure, the rigidity of expenditure, and the tightening of debt.
(Continue: "There is no Zhang Juzheng in the world: Looking back at Zhu Rongji to clean up the triangle debt")
(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator)
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/pinglun/heqinglian/hql-06022023121842.html 
Column | Finance Listen: How is Hegang after bankruptcy and reorganization now? 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T12:36:46-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T12:36:46-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Hegang Municipal Government held a fiscal reorganization RFA drawing in 2021 Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/jingmaorediaomiao/econ 06022023122930.html/@@stream Good audience and friends, welcome to listen to the financial and epochs of Liberty Asia, I am Rao Yiming.
As the first city in China to declare bankruptcy, Heilongjiang, Heilong City, has gone through more than a year of debt reorganization. The pressure of fiscal tightening has penetrated into all levels of society: locals lack sufficient heating in the cold winter; More traffic fines; public school teachers anxiously give students classes in the rumors of layoffs; street cleaners have not received salary for more than two months. These brutal reality are portrayal of a bankrupt city. However, recently, the Hegang economy has risen against the trend. First of all, due to the price of cabbage prices, Hegang suddenly attracted a batch of young people who were lying here, driving the real estate market. In addition, because graphite mining has injected a new vitality into this resource -exhausted city. This episode will discuss the previous life and this life of Hegang. The guests who participated in the discussion were Qin Weiping, an economist in the United States.
The first city to reorganize debt 
The prominent problem of China's local debt is no longer a matter of overnight. According to Goldman Sachs Group's estimates, the total amount of Chinese official loans and local government financing platforms and policy banks is about 23 trillion US dollars, which is equivalent to 1.63 trillion yuan. If China's local debt is out of control, it may be dragged down on China's economic development in the future. Song Houze, an economist at the US Think Tank Paulson Foundation, said that many cities in China will become the same as Hegang a few years later. He pointed out that population aging and decreased population means that many cities have no labor to maintain faster economic growth and tax revenue.
What experience can Hegang from the first bankruptcy city from China provide? Hegang, located in the coal -producing cities located in remote areas in the northeast, has a long -term contradiction between fiscal revenue and expenditure and seriously relied on superior transfer payment and debt income. In recent years, due to the sharp decline in land transfer revenue, the risk of debt repayment has increased, and debt reorganization was carried out at the end of 2021.
According to the Macro introduction of China Merchants, since the end of 2021, the financial reorganization has been announced, and the financial situation of Hegang has increased significantly income and the decline in expenditure. From the perspective of 2020 and 20121 final accounts and 2022 budget reports, tax revenue and non -tax income have increased significantly. Among them, the tax revenue was 1.330 billion, 1.52 billion and 1.68 billion yuan in three years. Among them, non -tax revenue was 970 million, 1.3 billion, and 1.43 billion yuan, respectively. From the perspective of details, the increase in large changes in tax revenue is VAT, corporate income tax, resource tax and personal income tax. The major increase in non -tax income is the main thing is that it cannot be income and paid revenue of state -owned resources.
As of the end of 2022, the balance of local government debt of Hegang was 24.3 billion yuan, of which 11.1 billion yuan in legal debt and 13.2 billion yuan in invisible debt. The debt risk has been used as an orange area.
Young people who go to Hegang lying flat 
In recent years, due to the price of cabbage price, the small town of Hegang has suddenly become an Internet celebrity city. As China's third batch of resource -exhausted cities, the population continues to flow. Hegang's house prices have continued to decline, ranking backward in the country. The low housing prices provide a good choice for young people who are high -voltage and high -life costs in large cities and despair.
In 2019, young people bought a house at Hegang at a very low price, and quickly detonated social media. Next, many years go to Hegang to buy a house. According to statistics, between 2020 and 2022, a total of 7,286 people settled in Hegang. Although the ideal is beautiful, is this really the case? According to a report from the website 36, from 2019 to the present, half of the first batch of people going to Hegang to buy a house will sell the house under the loss.
Although the price of Hegang is low, it has a long winter and severe employment environment. So it is not suitable for everyone. The reason why Hegang became an Internet celebrity reflects the infinite magnification of young people in the environment where house prices are not rising.
Hegang salted fish turned over because I found the new mine? 
In the first quarter of 2023, the growth rate of Hegang GDP reached 8.5%, ranking first in 13 prefecture -level cities in Heilongjiang, which was higher than the average growth rate of Heilongjiang and the country. It is understood that the growth rate of Hegang GDP in 2022 was 4.5%, which was also higher than the average growth rate of He Longjiang Province.
But before that, the economic situation of Hegang went down the way. He once had more than 300 coal mines in large and small, but as the resources were exhausted, there were now only a dozen left. With the exhaustion of resources, the permanent population has continued to lose.
However, as the cabbage price house became an Internet celebrity, Hegang changed a lot. In the case of 2022, the sales area of commercial housing decreased by 24%, but Hegang's commercial houses increased by 37%year -on -year. The sales of commercial houses were 220 million yuan, a year -on -year increase of 28%.
Although the sales of commercial housing have become some reasons for the economic growth of Hegang this round of economic growth, it is more important that major progress has made in industrial development. According to the data of Hegang City Statistics Bureau, in the first quarter of this year, the added value of Hegang's secondary industry was 3.2 billion yuan, an increase of 12.7%, and the contribution rate to GDP growth was 60%, and 5 percentage points were driven by GDP.
At the same time, Hegang Industrial Investment increased by 17.8%year -on -year, 9.4 percentage points higher than the average level of Heilongjiang Province.
Among them, the graphite industry has to be mentioned. Hegang has proved that the ore reserves have reached 1.731 billion tons, mainly crystal graphite. Large reserves and high quality. The graphite industry has become the second largest industry in the coal -related industry of Hegang. There are 37 graphite companies in the city. The natural graphite product application market mainly includes electronics, new materials, metallurgy and other fields. Among them, the electronic industry is the most widely used, mainly used for lithium battery negative materials, conductive membranes, graphite electrodes, etc. In the past two years, the electric vehicle market has exploded, leading to increasing demand for natural graphite.
However, Niu Fengrui, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said that a large city needs multiple pillar industrial support to develop better. The city of Hegang itself relies on the emergence of resources. If the graphite industry can form a complete upstream and downstream industrial chain and scale effect, it will be helpful for supporting the development of a small city.
The above is the current financial and economic listening, thank you for your listening. I am Rao Yiming. If you have any opinions and suggestions on this show, please write to fankui@rfa.org. Or my personal Twitter account is contacted by RFA_RYM.
Then I wish you all a happy weekend, the next show will meet again!
Writing, hosting, production: Rao Yiming
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/jingmaorediansaomiao/econ-06022023122930.html 
The United States' backyard in China strengthens the construction of a military alliance (Free Version) 
Authors: ['杰梅特里•谢瓦斯托普洛', '席佳琳']
Publisher: 英国《金融时报》
Time: 2023-06-02T12:40:13+00:00
Published Time: 2023-06-01T12:00:99+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T08:31:99+08:00
Description: The Biden government is strengthening safety measures to strengthen the deterrence of China and prepare for the potential conflict with China on Taiwan.
Images: [" 000183219_pic... "]
Themes: ['中美关系', '关注']
Keywords: ['中美关系', '地缘政治', '军事', '亚太', '高端专享']
Type: Article
 In the 30 years after the end of the Cold War, Clark, Philippines(Clark)Mimon Golf Course(Mimosa Plus Golf Course)The surrounding trees are basically quiet, and most of the nearby residents are retired elderly people. Clark in the capital Manila(Manila)About 92 kilometers north.
But one day in April, about 100 American soldiers were sitting next to a sidewalk in Clark, and more soldiers came out of a hotel -it reminded of Clark's era of the world's largest air force base outside the world.
News Source: http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001099846 
Some parts of Japan were attacked by heavy rain and urged tens of thousands of people to evacuate 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T12:45
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T13:39
Description: Typhoon Mawar approached Japan, and some parts of Japan were attacked by storms on Friday (June 2), and the authorities urged tens of thousands of people to take refuge at home. Reuters reported that "Mawar", which caused severe damage to Guam earlier this week, has weakened to ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '热带风暴', '暴雨', '冲绳']
Typhoon Mawar approached Japan, and some parts of Japan were attacked by storms on Friday (June 2), and the authorities urged tens of thousands of people to take refuge at home.
Reuters reported that the "Mawar" (Mawar), which caused severe damage to Guam earlier this week, has weakened to a tropical storm, and it is expected that the storm will pass south of Honan Island when entering the Pacific Ocean.
However, the meteorological forecast warning that the humid air brought by the storm may cause facial rain due to seasonal movement, and heavy rain may occur in local areas.
The Japan Broadcasting Association (NHK) said that within the three hours of Friday at 9 am (8 am in Singapore time) as of Friday, the rainfall in some areas of the four countries reached 162.5 mm, causing landscape warnings.
About 27,000 people in Fengqiao City, central in the city of Monteos received evacuation suggestions, and some areas of the four countries also issued an withdrawal warning.
The flights in some areas of Okinawa Island were canceled, but as of Friday morning, there were no other reports on major traffic confusion.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400476 
Due to China's continuous suppression of objections, the "June 4th Memorial Hall" moved to New York City to open 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T12:58:48+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 17:12:59Z
Description: Zhou Fenguo, who is still in his 50s, still remembers the frustrating spring in 1989. At that time, the tank car drove into Tiananmen Square in Beijing. When the Communist Party's army swarmed and forced the end of democratic protests, college students and many people were beaten and bleed, resulting in hundreds or even thousands of people.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '中国'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/as-china-cracks-down-on-dissent-new-york-city-gives-refuge-to-exhibit-remembering-tiananmen-square-20230602/7119847.html 
Back to the past: How to create a June 4th time machine (Dai Zhongren/Wu Renhua/Zheng Xuguang) | Asia wants to talk 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T13:01:11-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T13:01:11-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Radio of Liberty Asia
34 years, the CCP has always tried to eliminate the relevant memories and legitimacy of this democratic movement, and use it as an interpretation of " #turmoil". How can the participants who have experienced June 4th, how to use their own experience and efforts to fight against the power of the CCP's huge regime? How can we save and convey comprehensive and accurate information to the next generation, let them gradually move towards the closed authority in China, and understand the incidents that the predecessors once called for democracy and freedom for China, but were brutally suppressed? Wu Renhua, a visiting scholar at Soochi University of Taiwan, and a visiting scholar at Taiwan, used solid investigations and research and historical materials to save the full picture of June 4th with his own strength. The leader of the 19th and nine -nine Democratic movement and independence#Zheng Xuguang described how the CCP expressed the definition and nature of June 4th with overwhelming investigation, explanation, and requirements. Agree with official discussion. However, the new generation of young people grows in a diverse society. There are different choices. When they meet the truth, there are more opportunities to take different actions. 
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/duomeiti/yazhou-henxiangliao/yz-06022023124702.html 
The ticket price of Messi to the Chinese Friendship Tournament was called "robbery" 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T13:02:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T12:50:01+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Beijing, 2nd) According to the organizer today's announcement, Chinese fans need to pay up to up to 4,800 yuan (about NT $ 20,000) to see that Argentine star Messi leads Argentina to Australia in the Beijing Friendship Tournament.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 LionelMessi will lead the Argentine national team members to visit Beijing on June 15 and hold a friendly match with the Australian team. The competition will be held at the Beijing Workers' Stadium, which can accommodate 68,000, and it will be re -encountered after Argentina and Australia in the top 16 of the Cada World Cup.
This summer, Messi, who will leave Paris Saint-Germain, scored 1 goal at the time, and helped the team win 2-1, and Argentina finally won the World Cup championship.
According to the organizer's announcement, Argentina's confrontation with Australia's international football invitations from Australia ranging from 580 yuan (about NT $ 2,500) to RMB 4,800 yuan, and will be released on June 5th and 8th.
Fans who are dissatisfied quickly condemned the price of tickets online.
One Weibo user criticized on the official account of the organizer: "I want to report your robbery." Another user said, "A ticket is 4800, does Messi play us with us?"
This will be Messi's first visit to China since 2017.
The organizer is taking strict measures to prevent scalpers. The audience must provide identity information and show their ID card or passport to enter the stadium.
However, the merchants on China Taobao's shopping platform immediately started to provide ticket booking services. One of the sellers claimed that they could provide VIP seats at the opening price of RMB 18,000. (Translator: Lin Yifeng/Draft: Dai Yazhen)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230602-%E6%A2%85%E8%A5%BF%E8%B5%B4%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%8F%8B%E8%B0%8A%E8%B5%9B-%E9%97%A8%E7%A5%A8%E5%BC%80%E4%BB%B72%E4%B8%87%E8%A2%AB%E6%96%A5-%E6%8A%A2%E5%8A%AB 
"Little Mermaid" China box office poor racial discrimination? 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T13:35:00Z
Description: Disney's real -life movie "Little Mermaid", which is supported by the heroine, is supported by American audiences and the Chinese people have been left out. After the release, it is also criticized by Chinese official media to "over -political correctness" and narrative methods "laziness." Behind the incident, which deeper issues are hidden?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['小美人鱼', '迪士尼', '种族歧视', '黑人', '中非关系']
Id: 65804107
African American female singer Halle Bailey star
(Voice of Germany) Disney The live -action version of "Little Mermaid" was released simultaneously on Thursday (May 26) in North America and China. However, due to the disparity between the box office performance, it set off a wave of transnational Internet arguments.
African -American actress Hallebailey starred in the fair -skinned heroine Alice in the animation, which was greatly praised by American audiences, saying that Disney played a role in motivating young African -American girls, but the Chinese people did not pay for it and criticized the movie " Excessive politics. "
"Can I go back to my Alier?" A Chinese netizen wrote on Weibo, and at the same time, many netizens said that one of their childhood favorite fairy tale has collapsed. In fact, since Disney's determination of the heroine last year, a large number of Chinese netizens have decided to express their anger and vowed to resist and refuse to watch when the movie was released.
According to the data platform "Yien", the live -action version of "Little Mermaid" earned nearly $ 95 million in North America for 3 days, while only 2.63 million US dollars in China in China. The lowest movie.
Some Chinese netizens pushed the text after the movie was released: "It's really not that I am dissatisfied with the black actor itself. I am not satisfied with the story of the white race and even the yellow race into a black protagonist. And the legend, is it difficult to shoot a movie that really stands from the perspective of black people and truly respects the black culture? "
加 入 also joined the battle situation 
After the box office was released, some Western netizens accused the Chinese audience on Twitter to resist the film because of the "racial discrimination" of the black people and set off a fierce debate on the Internet. This accusation was even more angered by Beijing. The Chinese state -owned media "Global Times" published an article on the 2nd to refute Western remarks and strongly criticize Disney's decision to choose a "black mermaid".
One of the articles: "Disney forcibly joining the ethnic minority in classic movies is not based on racism, but a narrative strategy that shows its laziness and irresponsibility." The article pointed out that Disney is turning the classic fairy tales into " Politics correct "victims."
Another article strongly denied the accusations of discriminating against blacks in China. "The vast majority of Chinese audiences have no prejudice against the little mermaid," the author wrote, "The main direction of China's discussion is to adapt traditional fairy tales around (Disney)."
In the movie "Little Mermaid", the little mermaid living on the bottom of the sea fell in love with the prince on the shore, so he decided to abandon his country and race into humans.
The Global Times pointed out that the West should not "abduct Chinese audiences", hoping that they "accept this movie in the same way ... because the Chinese have no political correctness" and said that from a historical perspective In the case of, it is Westerners -not Chinese -invading Africa, colonial and slavery local races. Therefore, in the face of blacks, the Chinese do not have the "guilt" of Americans.
Dai Yuhui, an associate professor of the Department of Communication and Science and Technology of the National Yangming University of Taiwan, told DW that since the first generation of leaders of China, Mao Zedong, the banner of "internationalism" and "the boss of the third world country", attempts to win Asia, Africa, and Africa, and Africa, Latin America fights against "evil Western imperialism" together. Such a strategy has continued to this day, and the Global Times is the "mouthpiece" that Beijing transmits information on the outside world and conducts a large internal publicity. One of the media.
After Chinese President Xi Jinping took office, he promoted the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) in 2013 Provide huge loans to African countries to build infrastructure such as railways, highways and ports, and invest in local minerals. This has deepened the local control of Beijing, BRI Plan is therefore criticized by the international community as "new colonialism" Essence
In addition, Beijing's suppression and assimilation policies for ethnic minorities such as Xinjiang and Tibet have been regarded as "big Han Sandianism" by the outside world, even though China has so far denied any relevant allegations.
Dai Yuhui analyzed that China is therefore necessary to respond to this matter, at the same time, vigorously criticize the term "political correctness" Because this represents the reflection on "racism, feminism, etc.". She believes that China ’s racial controversy of“ Little Mermaid ”is just like the previous“ Ice Cream Incident ”, but Beijing has taken the opportunity to say one of many cases of the West and incite nationalism.
Elier was criticized by Chinese netizens in the play, saying that Disney destroyed people's beautiful fantasies about fairy tale
How do you treat black people in China? 
Over the years, China has discriminated against African ethnic groups, including laundry powder advertisements that can be "washed" in 2016 , 2018 and 2021 Spring Festival Gala's offense of performers "black face", and new crown epidemic in Guangzhou in 2022 The Chinese authorities have announced that they areolation of African -American groups and many people have been driven out of their homes and hotels, and they have fallen on the streets.
In 2022, a Chinese living in Malawi shot a number of racial discrimination films and was mad by Chinese netizens. One of the films showed that a group of African children were arranged in Chinese and shouted: "I am a black ghost, IQ is very low." Obviously, it does not mean the meaning of the words.
Even though the Chinese government has come forward to declare that domestic discrimination against racial discrimination is "zero tolerance", in real life, black people living in China still have to face discrimination and problems that lack job opportunities. "They (employer) said to you directly:" Sorry, we want white people "](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/对不起我们要白人/a-62431699), "A African who has lived in China for 13 years said in an interview with Deguang Lian (ARD) last year.With the improvement of Western society's awareness of "political correctness", in the casting controversy of "Little Mermaid", the Chinese circle seems to be more unable to accept the black heroine compared to Western audiences. In this regard, He Jie, a columnist living in the UK, wrote in the "Change of the Daily": "I thought about how the Asian community defended white nature. It is found that many people are not deliberately choosing, but" I didn't think so much so much. "Many people do not realize that white hegemony such as white people and unconsciously advocating white aesthetics, which makes white people have many advantages to exist."
Dai Yuhui told DW that China does also have the thinking of "white first", "but they love and hate the white world, that is, China wants to replace whites and the United States becomes the world's first. You, but I am not you, so you will be extremely sensitive and cared for what you do.
Defending China -Africa relations 
In the report of "Global Times" criticizing "Little Mermaid", it also emphasized the positive relationship between China and the black ethnic group, and said that Western people's accusations about Chinese discrimination against blacks were "provoking separation between China and Africa."
"China has always maintained a brother -like relationship with Africa, and never needs the" atonement "mentality that Hollywood prevailed." The report pointed out that China ’s support and assistance to Africa is“ visible ”, unlike the West is just“ empty talk ”.
In the past 20 years, China has been the largest trading partner in Africa. However, "Nikkei Asia" reported in March this year that China ’s BRI investment in southern Sahara, Africa fell to a new low last year. Analysts believe that some reasons come from the increase in investment in the United States and the European Union; once Western funds are injected, the leaders of African countries may begin to consider reducing dependence on Beijing.
However, Nigerian political economist UCheigwe told "Nikkei Asia" that China's goal was to win African products with a value of $ 300 billion from 2022 to 2024, and "China has not abandoned Africa."
Taiwanese scholar Dai Yuhui analyzes DW that the purpose of China to unite the third world countries such as Africa is not to "create an equal society." The pyramid structure with black people ". Therefore, even if China replaces white people and stands on the top of the pyramid, the black people may continue to the bottom.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
Sipke Lee's Critical Statement: "The Blood Blood Five People" 
American director Spike Lee has long been committed to making movies that discuss American racism. The picture shows his new film "DA 5Bloods". Speck Lee appeared in the mid -1980s. From his comedy film "Do the Rightthing" and other works, he found that Speck Lee is good at telling heavily issues such as unequal methods with light and witty methods. "The Blood Five People" tells the story of the four African -American Vietnam War Veterans.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
A history of American racism: "Selma Parade" 
Avaduvernay, a African -American director Avaduvernay, described the climax of the Citizenship Rights Movement in 1965 in 2014. She reappeared the parade between civil rights activities in Selma, Alabama and Moncore. The film is controversial in Hollywood. Some people speculate that it was ignored by Oscar because the actor's rights and interests of African Americans.
*

探讨种族歧视的好莱坞电影 
获奖充满争议的电影：《绿皮书》 
彼得·法雷利(Peter Farrelly)执导的《绿皮书》(GreenBook)赢得了许多奖项，包括2019年奥斯卡最佳影片奖。这部根据真人真事改编的电影叙述了一名白人司机和一名黑人钢琴家的故事。一些影评人认为，剧情落入“白人救世主”的窠臼中，并没有深入探讨非裔美国人所面临的种族主义苦难。
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
2017 Best Film "Moonlight Boy" 
American African -American director Barryjenkins's work "Moonlight" describes the growth of a black gay boy in three chapters in three chapters. "Moonlight Boy" has successfully conveyed the theme without using popular plot or sad emotions, becoming a model of success in film and television works.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
Full of originality: "Escape from the Desperate Town" 
"Getout" released in 2017 is one of the most different movies in the theme of racism. The difference between many goodwill but sentimental Hollywood movies, African -American director Jordanpeele presents racism with terror and comedy elements, creating a very original and shaking cross -stream film.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
"Twelve Years of Slave" full of tension 
The 12 Years Aslave, which was released in 2013, won the best film of Oscar the following year, and conducted an in -depth review of the origin of slavery in the United States. British director Stevemcqueen uses many well -known actors in the film and also won the Oscar award.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
audience sucking iron stone: "Black Panther" 
Finally, another Oscar award -winning film also involved the theme of racism in a broad sense. The 2018 Marvel movie "Blackpanther" described a black superhero for the first time. The original authors of Marvel comics Stan Lee and Jackkirby created the role of the story during the peak of the 1960s.#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 

American director Jeffnichols' delicate work "Love" made the audience's eyes bright. The film describes a historical chapter of North American racism. In the story, a couple violated the laws that banned intermarriage and continued to struggle, and eventually won in court.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
Romance full of tension: "Queen and Thin" 
Greek -American director Melina Matsoukas in 2019 with "Queen & Slim" in 2019. This film is considered the black version of "male and female thief". The background of the plot is modern America. A young black couple fled after killing a police officer for self -defense in the first date. Director Melina Masuscas was well -known for directing MVs such as Leihanna and Beyonce.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
John Casavitz's Real Movie: "Shadow" 
JohncassAvetes, like Melina Masuscas, is a Greek director. His first tried work "Shadows" (1959) described the story of the African and American brothers and sisters in the New York music circle in a very delicate way. At that time, few American directors could truly depict the life of the music circle.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
Review Early Movies: "Twelve Angry Han" 
The 1957 film "Twelve Angry Men" (12 Angry Men) was the first movie in American films to discuss racial issues. The film directed by director Sidneylumet is a legal thriller. The 12 members of the white jury in the film ruled whether the defendant teenager from Puerto Rico was guilty.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
Portei old work: "Hot Night" 
In the 1960s, the theme of racism began to have a place in mainstream movies. In the movie "The Heat of thenight, Taiwan translated the" Evil Night Chase Order "), Sidneypoitier played a black policeman from the north. He was involved in a white murder together In the case. Porty encountered bad racial discrimination in the local area and was mistaken for suspects. The film has won 5 Oscar awards, and Porteier has also become the first African -American super star in the American film industry.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
Breaking the taboo "Mississippi Burning" 
"Mississippi Burning", which was released in 1988, is a movie directed by British director AlanParker, describing the survey of the missing of three civil rights workers and FBI agents. A film critic wrote: "Parker's fancy method almost turns" Mississippi Burning "into a gangster movie. But this movie has broken the taboo: it puts the entire white middle class in the United States on the wrong surface."
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
New generation director: "Boys of the District" 
In 1991, John Singleton, an African -American American director, jumped on the newspaper front page with his virgin movie "Boyz N thehood (Boyz N THEHOOD" (also translated "The Junior Murder of the Neighbors") and directed this. He was only 24 years old in the movie. "Boys of the District" is considered a pioneering work because of the true description of the black life in poor areas in major cities in the United States. Singgton was the first black and youngest director nominated for the Oscar Best Director Award.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
Rasia outside the United States: "Competition in the People" 
Hollywood white stars often participate in movies about racial discrimination outside the United States. In the sports theme film "InvicTus", director Clinteastwood tells the touching story of the national rugby team after a few years of abolition of the South African race system. MorganFreeman, a well -known American actor, plays South African Fighter Mandela.
*#
Hollywood movie of racial discrimination 
Documentary "I'm Not Your Niggast" 
In recent decades, in addition to many plot films in the American film industry, many documentaries have also joined this ranks. The "I am not your nin" launched by Haiti director Raoulpeck in 2016 is quite successful. This documentary is adapted from the work of African -American American writer Jamesbaldwin.
Author: JOCHEN Kürten

News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/《小美人魚》中國票房差-種族歧視作祟？/a-65804107?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Li Hui urged to stop transporting weapons in China or send offers again to promote talks 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T13:44:00Z
Description: The Chinese envoy Li Hui ended a press conference in Beijing after visiting Ukraine, Russia and other countries. He criticized the US media that the ceasefire he proposed would allow Russia to control some territory of Ukraine. However, some reporters asked how China did not respond directly when China had the position of Ukraine's occupying territorial issue.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '普京', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['李辉', '特使', '乌克兰战争', '俄罗斯', '被占领土', '和谈']
Id: 65808037
Data picture: Li Hui met with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in Moscow on May 26
(Voice of Germany) China calls for stopping weapons to stop sending weapons to the Ukraine battlefield. Chinese envoy Li Hui ended visiting Ukraine, Russia and other countries He said in Beijing on Friday that his impression was that neither Russia nor Ukraine closed the door of peace talks.
But Li Hui did not condemn Russia to attack Ukraine. The special envoy warned that the war could lead to nuclear security, food supply and humanitarian crisis. Since mid -May, Li Hui has visited EU representatives from Germany, Russia, Ukraine, Poland, France and Brussels. According to the German Press, on the one hand, the outside world has not had much expectations for the success of its diplomatic mission, on the other hand, his interview also aims to alleviate Western criticism of China to support Russia. Since Russia has invaded Ukraine for more than a year, China has provided political support for Russian President Putin, and has called the United States and NATO as the beginning of the conflict. Beijing also criticized Western countries to provide weapons to Ukraine, called "fueling on the fire".
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
The initial ally 
On the second day of the establishment of the People's Republic of China on October 1, 1949, the Soviet Union became the first country to establish diplomatic relations with China. At the end of the year, Mao Zedong went to Moscow to visit and stayed in the Soviet Union for more than two months to participate in the 70 -year -old Japanese celebration life movement (picture). After the incident, Mao Zedong complained that he was not well made by Stalin and the progress of the signing talks was not smooth. On February 14, 1950, Mao Zedong signed the "Sino -Soviet Friendship Alliance Mutual Aid Treaty" in Moscow, and the two countries and the Soviet Union were ally.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
"Big Brother" in the Soviet Union 
From the 1950s to the early 1960s, it was regarded by the outside world as the "honeymoon period" of Sino -Soviet relations. The two parties signed a series of agreements. The Soviet Union provided China, materials and personnel from trade, higher education, nuclear technology, and industry aspects. Aid to help China build a complete industrial system. The first "five -year plan" formulated by the Chinese government in 1953 was introduced by the help and planning of the Soviet Union. Mao Zedong emphasized that he would learn from the Soviet Union in all aspects, "the Soviet Communist Party is our best gentleman." The picture shows a report from the 6th anniversary of the Sino -Soviet Friendship Treaty in 1956.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
Korean War 
The outbreak of the Korean War in June 1950, China sent troops to participate in the war in October (the picture shows the volunteer army crossing the frozen Yalu River), and directly confronts the United Nations troops dominated by the United States. China calls it "anti -US aid North Korea." The Soviet Union did not directly participate in the war, but provided a large number of weapons and equipment and funding assistance. In June 1953, the two souths of the North and South signed the Banmen Store Agreement: It stipulates that the North Korea and South Korea use the 38 -degree line north of North Korea as a boundary ceasefire, which solidifies the split pattern of the Korean Peninsula.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
From reverse to break to break 
In September 1959, the Soviet leader Khrushchev visited China (pictured) to participate in the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. At that time, the contradictions of the differences between the Chinese and Soviet leaders in the political concept and the strategic interests had emerged. In 1960, Moscow recovered all the Soviet experts that recovered China to abolish various agreements for economic and technological cooperation between the two countries. Beijing has carried out long -term sharp criticism of the Soviet Union's "revisionism" and the foreign policy of the CPSU.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
Border conflict 
China and the Soviet Union are the two neighbors in the world with the longest land border. In 1964, the first round of border negotiations in China and the Soviet Union failed. On June 3, 1969, the Chinese and Soviet troops broke out in the Treasure Island of the Uranus River in the Jiehe River (the picture shows the Chinese defense of the Treasure Island), and both sides have casualties. In the same year, the two countries conflict again on Basai Island, Heilongjiang and Tielekti, Xinjiang. In September, the Chairman of the Soviet Minister's Meeting, Koshin, took the road to Beijing and met with Chinese Prime Minister Zhou Enlai for 3 hours at the airport to achieve a consensus to maintain the status quo and avoid armed conflicts.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 


After Brezhnev served as the leader of the CPSU, Sino -Soviet relations were still in a confrontation. After the Chinese Cultural Revolution began in 1966, almost all exchanges between the two countries. In 1967, the Red Guards hit the Soviet Embassy in Beijing. The picture shows the demonstration of the Baotou Iron and Steel Factory in 1969 after the Sino -Soviet border conflict.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
Resisting the Moscow Olympics 
After entering the 1970s, China began to improve relations with Western countries led by the United States. In 1972, Nixon's visit to China opened the door to China's opening to the international community. In the 1980s, the Soviet Union was severely sanctions and confrontation due to invasion of Afghanistan. In 1980, Moscow held the Olympic Games, and China joined the resistance camp of Western countries led by the United States.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
Relationship Normally 
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
From good neighbor to strategic partner 
After the disintegration of the Soviet Union in 1991, China announced that Russia was the heirs of the Soviet Union. The highest levels of the two countries began to recover. In 1999, the "List of Two Sections on the East and West of the Sino -Russian Boundary Line" was signed. After Pujing came to power in 2001, Russia signed the "Treaty of China -Russia and Russia's Neighbors and Friendship Cooperation" to determine the strategic collaboration partnership of equal trust. In 2010, the two countries confirmed the "comprehensive strategic collaboration partnership". The picture shows Putin, Bush, and Jiang Zemin at the Shanghai Asia -Pacific Economic Organization Summit in 2001.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
to the international stage 
After entering the new thousand years, with the increase in economic strength, Beijing and Moscow intend to play a more active role on the international stage. The multilateral platforms such as the BRICS Summit and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (established in 2002) provided opportunities for this. The picture shows the BRICS summit held in India in October 2016.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
Friendship of Political Strong Man 
Xi Jinping and Putin, the two authoritative authoritarian leaders, have similar political beliefs of a large country. While firmly consolidating its own power, they also hope to break the existing international order led by the United States. During the visit to Beijing in February 2022 and attending the Winter Olympics, China emphasized that China and Russia were "unlimited friendship and endless cooperation." The picture shows Xi Jinping in 2018 at the Russian Far East Port, the Vladivostok and Putin tasting caviar pancakes.
*#
Sino -Russian relations change: from brothers, opponents to strategic partners 
is not an ally, it looks like an ally 
Since the outbreak of the Ukrainian war in February 2022, Russia has been sanctioned and isolated internationally. However, China has always refused to condemn Russia's aggression, and accusing the United States and NATO in charge of conflict, opposing sanctions, and calling on the "security concerns" of Russia. At the same time, China has greatly expanded imports from Russia, especially energy imports. In March 2023, Xi Jinping visited Moscow and became the first head of head of the Ukrainian war since the outbreak of the Ukrainian war.

Ukraine is occupied by territorial issues 
According to the Associated Press, Li Hui criticized a report at the Wall Street Journal at a press conference on Friday, which quoted unnamed officials that the ceasefire proposed by Li Hui would allow Russia to control some territory of Ukraine. He refuted that this is not in line with the facts, and is provoking the relationship between China and Ukraine. Li Hui also called for the safety of the Zapolo nuclear power plant occupied by Russia. The International Atomic Energy Agency has called on Russia and Ukraine this week not to attack the facility to avoid catastrophic incidents.
Li Hui At the press conference, Beijing called on the territorial sovereignty of various countries, but it did not say that China had put pressure on Moscow to return the territory of Ukraine. According to a video of Li Hui's press conference on Weibo, a reporter from Kyodo News from Japan asked the special envoy that Li Hui did not make a positive response to how China dealt with how the Ukraine was occupied by the territory. According to Reuters, Li Hui said that China is willing to actively consider sending personnel to relevant countries again to communicate with the Ukrainian crisis in politics.
(German Press, Associated Press, Reuters)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/李辉呼吁停止输送武器-中国或再派员促谈/a-65808037?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
German media: The supply chain law allows European companies to make the market with China 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T13:50:00Z
Description: The "Commercial Daily" published a comment that China's weak economy will also cause losses to German companies that depend on exports to China. The Frankfurt Report is worried that it aims to allow European companies to assume social and environmental responsibility for overseas supply chains, which may cause Europeans to give the market to China, which will expand their economic influence.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 评论分析
Subjects: ['希腊债务危机', '欧债危机', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '诺贝尔奖', '欧洲难民危机', '欧洲', '专题报道：中国经济何处去？']
Keywords: ['德中关系', '欧中关系', '中国经济', '德资企业', '供应链法', '欧盟']
Id: 65807774
China's weak economy will also affect German companies
(Voice of Germany Chinese website) The German "Business Daily" published by Dussertorf is " Chinese economic recovery is stagnant, and the prospects are dim "For the title, publishing comments pointed out that China's economy is also a warning for German companies.
"After lifting the control of epidemic prevention, economic recovery The momentum Foresignable to meet expectations Essence Moreover, the economic prospects are completely not good: May this year's processing industry purchasing manager index is lower than 50 for the second month. "
"The atmosphere of the service industry is also very sluggish. Whether it is the retail industry that reflects the consumption status, or the industry's production amount, it is lower than the expectations of analysts."
"If you encounter this situation a few years ago, the Chinese government will definitely spend billions of to boost the economy. However, during the epidemic, the Chinese government becomes cautious in spending money to save the city. It is no longer infinite. Especially the local governments of various provinces and cities have been depleted. The rigorous epidemic prevention measures that lasted for nearly three years control the number of new crowns in China at a very low level, but its cost is also impressive At first tongue. In addition, the real estate crisis has also greatly reduced the Chinese government's income. "
"Therefore, German companies need to pay close attention to the direction of the Chinese economy. At least the situation in China's industrial field has led to a significant decrease in Germany's exports to China."
A textile factory in Yutian County, Xinjiang. The Chinese authorities organize a large number of Uyeurd workers in the field of poverty alleviation, which has triggered questioning about the external forced labor in the textile field.
"Frankfurt Report" will cast his sight to the just voting EU Supply Chain Act Essence Comment with " Tale rejection of the supply chain method "The title, pointing out that the German Civilian Confederation in the European Parliament actually had very appropriate reasons.
"The goal of the supply chain law is to allow European companies to take responsibility for the welfare and environmental protection of the world, but this goal has been missed from the beginning. No one questioned that the company must be responsible for its own destruction of the environment or infringement of human rights. . But companies are not political continuity. They should not be used by politics promoting European values standards on the entire industrial chain Essence "
"After the epidemic, energy crisis, and the Ukrainian war, the goal of the supply chain bill is completely outdated. European companies are suffering from crisis, and they have to contribute to the EU climate protection. The cost of bureaucracy is also suppressing the pillars of the German economy: SMEs. "
"Moreover, from the perspective of geopolitical perspective, the EU supply chain bill is also a mistake. If the European Union really wants to prevent China from expanding influence in Asia, Africa, and Latin America, it must increase its sense of existence in those regions. The more restrictions are facing, the more difficult it is. Under difficulties, European companies would rather evacuate to avoid accusations.(https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/德国经济对中国呈现前所未有的高度依赖/a-64667436)In the era, this is not a good trend. "
Inding the content of other media, does not represent the position or view of the Voice of Germany. _ _ 吧 _
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德语媒体-供应链法让欧企将市场让与中国/a-65807774?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The incense will appear in Korea and the United States to discuss the construction of a Korean missile early warning exchange mechanism 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T13:59
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T14:37
Description: The 20th Shangri -La dialogue appeared on Singapore on Friday (June 2). South Korea ’s Minister of Defense Li Zhongzheng will hold talks with the National Defense Ministers in the United States, China, and Japan during the Xianghui. Among them, the“ highlight ”is the meeting of South Korea’ s Minister of Defense. Yonhap News Agency reported that South Korea, the United States and Japan's defense ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['香格里拉对话', '韩国', '日本', '中国', '美国']
20th Shangri -La Dialogue On Friday (June 2), he appeared in Singapore. South Korea ’s Minister of Defense Li Zhongzheng will hold talks with the National Defense Ministers in the United States, China, and Japan during the Xianghui. Among them, the“ highlight ”is the meeting of South Korea’ s Minister of Defense.
The Yonhap News Agency reports that the South Korean and American Defense Ministers are expected to discuss the exchange mechanism to build a North Korean missile warning information (WarningData). The Three Kingdoms leaders held a third -side talks on the side of the Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) summit at Hiroshima, Japan last month to decide to improve the level of safety cooperation and the establishment of a system of sharing North Korean missile information as the first step in follow -up measures.
South Korea -Japan Defense Minister will also hold bilateral talks after about four years. South Korean Ministry of Defense officials said that the South Korean Defense Ministers' talks will discuss a variety of bilateral security affairs required for future Korean -Japanese relations.
However, the contradiction between the Korean ship's Japanese machine is actually the biggest obstacle to the expansion of national defense exchanges. The conflict of the ship began on December 20, 2018. The Japanese disclosed that the Korean side was exposed to the Japanese Maritime Self -Defense Force P1 patrol aircraft with a fire control radar. Essence The Korean side said that the Japanese machine made an aggressive action, but the Korean ship did not target the radar. The positions of the two sides have not been loosened so far.
Regarding the talks of the Minister of Defense in South Korea, considering the recent stalemate of South Korea and China, the opinions that the talks are difficult to obtain specific results. It is expected that the South Korean side will call on the Chinese side to play a constructive role in promoting North Korea to stop nuclear guidance, but it is unknown whether China responds. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China recently stated that the current China -South Korean relations are facing difficulties and challenges, and their responsibilities are not in China.
South Korea and the United States did not arrange for the "Xianghui" during the "Xianghui" period, but the possibility of the temporary meeting of the defense ministers of the two countries cannot be ruled out. Li Zhongzheng will also hold talks with the defense ministers such as Canada, the Netherlands, Germany, and the European Union to exchange opinions on the Korean Peninsula and regional situations and bilateral defense cooperation affairs.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400485 
After visiting China, Musk became the richest man again 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T14:08
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T14:08
Description: 也许电动车巨头特斯拉（Tesla）首席执行官马斯克（Elon Musk）得感谢做了访华的决定，因为他此行就让特斯拉股价再次突破200美元大关，让他又再度成为全球首富。马斯克是凭借特...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国股市', '美市', '财经即时', '特斯拉', '马斯克']
Perhaps Elonmusk, chief executive officer of the electric vehicle giant Tesla, has to thank the decision to visit China because his trip allowed Tesla's stock price to break the $ 200 mark again, making him the world again the world The richest man.
With the outstanding performance of Tesla's stock in the past few days, Musk finally surpassed the luxury brand group LVMH Moët Hennessy Louisvuitton CEO Bernard Arnault. After all, Tesla's stock is the main source of Musk's wealth.
According to the calculation of "Baron Weekly", Musk's net worth is about $ 216 billion. This includes the Tesla shares he holds, Tesla options, and his shares in SpaceX, The BoringCompany and Neuralink. Twitter is also a significant part of Musk's assets, but according to the FidelityInvestments that helped Musk for $ 44 billion, today's Twitter value is only three of Musk's buying price. One of them.
 Today's Twitter value is only one -third of Musk's buying price. (Reuters)
Based on a net worth of $ 216 billion, Musk defeated Alno. According to Forbes's real -time figures, the total value of Alino and his family has a total value of US $ 2120 billion.
Musk is with Tesla's strong stock and relatively weak LVMH stocks, narrowing the distance between the two's wealth. Tesla's stock price has risen by 29.45 % in the past month, but Tesla's stock price has risen 11.22 % during the past five trading days, that is, Musk's visit to China.
At the same time, general investors are worried that the global economic slowdown will have a negative impact on the demand for luxury goods, resulting in LVMH's stock price falling by about 8 % in the past month.
The third place in the global rich list is Jeffbezos, the founder of Amazon.com. Fourth, fifth, and sixth are Oracle co -founders Larryellison, Microsoft co -founder Bill Gates, and Warrenbuffett. The wealth of these six people alone reached 933 billion US dollars.
 Market news is rumored that Arnold plans to visit China this month. (Reuters)
Whether it is the richest man or sneering in the crown, Musk and Alino must be very rich. Although I don't know if these rich people care about this ranking, market news has been rumored, and Arnold also plans to visit China this month. The trip to China this time coincides with China's economic recovery last month, and the market's demand for luxury goods may be weak. Perhaps his business will make the global luxury stocks that have fallen into this time again to rebound hope.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400488 
"Feeling with Russia": Why does South Africa maintain "neutral" in the Russian and Ukraine War 
Author: 半岛电视台
Publisher: Al Jazeera
Published Time: 2023-06-02T14:16:31
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T14:22:05
Description: Although there is a long -term relationship between South Africa and Russia, South Africa has publicly insisted on maintaining neutrality in the war between Russia and Ukraine.
Images: [" AP23023345590... ", " image-1685715... ", " maxresdefault... ", " 2018-07-26T18... "]
Topics: ['乌克兰战争', '政治', '新闻']
Keywords: ['乌克兰战争', '政治', '新闻', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '南非']
Type: Article
 In January 2023, Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov met with South African Foreign Minister Panto during his visit to Billeria. This is one of the most recent interviews between the two countries.(Associated Press)In April this year, South Africa's African National Congress(Non -National University)A senior officer delegation accepted the party's invitation from the Russian ruling party -Russia's ruling party -ruling party. The delegation went to Moscow to discuss the so -called "reshaping of global order" by the Non -National University, and the delegation includes the country's deputy minister of Foreign Minister Alvin Botza.
This month, the South African Army Commander Lawrence Mbbata visited Moscow at the invitation of the Russian Army Commander Oleg Sayakov, which was called a "friendly visit". South Africa National Security Minister Kunborah Endchavini will also visit Russia a few days later, and then South Africa President Rama Tosa will visit Russia and Ukraine under the framework of African Leaders' Peace Delegation.
Although there is a long -term relationship between South Africa and Russia, South Africa has publicly insisted on maintaining neutrality in the war between Russia and Ukraine.
Now, before the BRICS Summit will be held in August this year, the neutrality of South Africa will be tested before the BRICS Summit will be held in August this year.
In March of this year, the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant against Russian President Putin and accused him of forcibly bringing Ukrainian children to Russia.
South Africa is one of the signed countries of the International Criminal Court. Under such circumstances, if Putin set foot in the country, South Africa will be obliged to execute the arrest warrant. The Russian leader has confirmed that he will attend the meeting, thus laid a foreshadowing for a dramatic diplomatic difficulties.
In fact, South Africa has stated that it is evaluating its legal options, including exemptions to visiting officials.
South African officials told the parliament on May 2, "We will explore how to make the Roman Statue(Founding Treaty of the International Criminal Court)In my country ’s localization, it also includes the practice of exempting diplomatic exemption to the head of state visiting my country. "
Former South African President Mobki has said that Putin is unlikely to be arrested in the country, which is also in line with the emotions within the ruling party. In April of this year, Lama Tosa said that the country is considering withdrawing from the International Criminal Court. But a few hours later, his office denied the statement and said that the position was caused by a mistake in communication.
In 2015, South Africa failed to arrest the then Sudan President Omar Balle -the latter was also the object of arresting warrant issued by the International Criminal Court at the time. But this time, the situation is slightly different, because there seems to be an unknown relationship between Belleka and Moscow.
 BRICS expansion: The Economic Group discusses absorb more member states(news agency)#### "irrational feelings" between Russia
Over the years, the relationship between South Africa and Russia has troubled Western authorities and governments.
There is no cultural and language connection between the two countries.
Russia is not the main trading partner of South Africa -the United States, Britain and the European Union account for more than one -third of South Africa's total imports, while Russia accounts for only 0.4%.
In October last year, when the UN General Assembly condemned Russia to vote for the issue of war on Ukraine in February 2022, South Africa had voted abstain from many other African countries. Finally, the resolution was supported by 143 votes. At that time, South African resident representatives at the United Nations emphasized that the country "will persist in seeking peace."
Regarding the reason for South Africa's unwillingness to criticize Russia, a widely spread explanation is that South African policy makers are eager to see a more polar world, and in such a world, Africa and Asia will get on the global stage around the world. More control, including seats within the UN Security Council.
"We don't want a hegemonic United States, but said" we are a rational international participant in the United States, "said Things. This is not romantic ... Global order needs to be changed. "
Belleria's preference for Moscow -just like the National Defense Minister of the country and the member of the South African Democratic Alliance, the so -called "irrational feelings" between Russia, can trace traceable To the root cause of the Non -National University.
 South Africa's position on the Russian and Ukraine War(Peninsula TV Station)The African National Assembly was established in 1912. It is the oldest liberation movement in Africa's history and aims to oppose the rule of minorities in South Africa. During the most intense period of the Cold War, it was seriously dependent on the support of the Soviet Union.
The former South African ambassador to the United States, Ibrahim Ruser, told a reporter on Peninsula that the movement "did not receive Western support, and the Soviet Union was the only ally who was willing to give the party time."
When no one else is willing to do this, the Soviet Union provided a large number of urgent financial and other support to the Non -State.
According to Russian historian Elena Frathov, during the 1960s, the Soviet Union "spear to the AU(Couch)Provide weapons, ammunition and equipment, and conduct military training for its cadres and leadership. "
She wrote, "No other countries have provided such support to Africa University."
Professor Zwelinzima NDEVU at the University of Statunbos agreed to this.
In an interview with a reporter from the Peninsula TV Station, he said that the Soviet Union "supported non -State's University with financial assistance and training in the dark days of racial isolation." "Now, by 2023, this relationship still exists. This is this that is. The reasons for the country's conflict between Ukraine and Russia. "
But some people think that this is a complex relationship.
In 2014, during the President of South Africa in Jacob Zuma, South Africa and Russia reached a $ 100 billion nuclear power plant agreement. But three years later, a local court's order prevented the implementation of the agreement.
South African opposition and civic society believes that this agreement is trying to give Russia's influence on Africa. Zuma was a senior member of the African National Congress, and before the end of the race isolation, he was a member of the national spear, the person in charge of the movement of the movement, and had a long -term relationship network in Moscow.
Lausur said, "We suspect that Zuma wants to sign the motivation for this agreement", "we know something wrong. Some people try to turn us into a country where thieves rule."
Analysts pointed out that even today, Russia seems to be forcing South Africa to take action.
Analysts Fan Siliden told a reporter from the Peninsula that the visit to Moscow in April this year was to contact them and "let the Russians understand the dilemma of South Africa." Senior politicians came to participate in Putin.
 July 26, 2018, Russian President Putin(left)With South Africa President Rama Tosa at Johannesburg, South Africa, attended the BRICS Leadership Summit in South Africa(Reuters)
friction and sanctions 
South Africa's non -promised position has triggered friction between it and the United States (one of South Africa's largest political and trade partners).
In May of this year, the US Ambassador to South Africa Ren Bridge accused South Africa for providing weapons for Russia, and claimed that he had stopped weapons on the Russian merchant ship "Lady R" at the naval base in Simmons last December.
Since then, the South African authorities have been denied this in the public relations offensive.
South Africa, Russia and China have recently held naval exercises. However, these measures have triggered a strong protest from the opposition party in South Africa and let them question the neutral position of South Africa in the Russia -Ukraine conflict. At a press conference held in May this year, Brigiti said, "We hope South Africa will begin implementing its unprecedented policy."
Professor Endu told a reporter from the Peninsula TV station, "On paper, South Africa is neutral", "But in reality, in my opinion, we must not."
In a recent statement issued by John Stenhason, the leader of the South African Democratic Alliance Party, "Many of their recent actions have shown that the Anti -National University has firmly formed an alliance with Russia."
Stetenhason added that this ambiguous can cause serious economic and social damage to the country. Once foreign sanctions are subject to foreign sanctions, it may cause the loss of thousands of jobs, and the country and Western countries are worth billions of South African Rand in South Africa Rand. Trade loss.
In May of this year, a few days after the Southern African exchange rate fell by 2.4%in the Southern African Rand's remarks, South African Reserve Bank warned that if the United States imposed sanctions on South Africa according to these allegations, the country's economy may be damaged Essence
The bank warns that any such punishment will make it "unable to provide financing or investment in any trade or investment, nor can it be paid or collect any money from the agency bank."
But the resistance from different aspects has not changed the position of the South African government.
Endchavini recently pointed out in a debate held in the parliament that "South Africa will continue to support the efforts to end the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and as a country and global participants, we believe that this conflict should pass through The way of peaceful negotiations and contact is over, not the favor of any of them through South Africa. "
News Source: https://chinese.aljazeera.net/news/political/2023/6/2/%e4%b8%8e%e4%bf%84%e7%bd%97%e6%96%af%e7%9a%84%e6%84%9f%e6%83%85%e5%8d%97%e9%9d%9e%e4%b8%ba%e4%bd%95%e5%9c%a8%e4%bf%84%e4%b9%8c%e6%88%98%e4%ba%89%e4%b8%8a%e4%bf%9d%e6%8c%81 
BRICS Five Kingdoms Find Alternative Currency Calculating Currency Renewal World Order 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T14:26:00Z
Description: BRICS 5 foreign ministers held talks in South Africa on the 1st. In addition to calling for the "re -balance" world order, they also discussed the search for the US dollar alternative currency. Whether Russian President Putin participated in the BRICS Summit also attracted attention. Why is this the focus of attention?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['南非', '乌克兰', '人民币', '金砖国家', '普京', '中美关系', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Keywords: ['制裁', '普京', '美元', '货币', '南非', '金砖', '金砖国家']
Id: 65800252
BRICS held a conversation in Cape Town, South Africa on the 1st
(Voice of Germany in Chinese) The foreign minister of the BRICS Group held a talks in South Africa on Thursday (June 1), calling on the world order to "re -balance" and declare the ambition to compete with Western powers.
Indian Foreign Minister Subrahmanyamjaishankar said in his opening speech: "We gather here, we must send a strong signal, that is, the world is polarized, it is re -balance, the old method cannot solve the new situation."
He said that the concentration of global economic power "allows too many countries to be subject to too few countries"; as a "symbol of change", the BRICS countries must take corresponding actions.
The BRICS 5 was held in Cape Town, South Africa on the 1st
What did the BRICS Foreign Minister discuss? 
BRICS 5 countries -Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa — were once regarded as loose alliances of different emerging economies. In recent years, the group has become more united under the promotion of Beijing. Since the outbreak of the Russian and Ukraine War, Moscow It also provides additional driving force.
The talks between the BRICS 5 focus on the importance of currency that may replace the US dollar in international trade and the importance of strengthening the "new development bank". New Development Bank (New Developmentbank) is also known as the BRICS Bank; the BRICS countries are more convenient for each other's settlement and loans, so as to reduce dependence on the US dollar and euro](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/中国用人民币向美元发动主攻/a-15798875)And jointly propose to establish this international financial institution.
South African Foreign Minister NaledIpandor said that international unilateral sanctions will indirectly affect countries that have not been involved in sanctions. Therefore, the BRICS countries want to seek alternative currencies to ensure that "will not become a victim of sanctions."
Member states have also discussed how to reform the global decision -making process. Pan Duor has criticized that there is no permanent representative of Africa in the United Nations Security Council.
South African Foreign Minister Pan Duor (left) and Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov (right) attended the BRICS 5 countries talks
BRICS Group will expand? 
BRICS 5 countries also discussed plans to accept new members.
Pan Duor said that the incident is to be discussed; South Africa will hold the BRICS Group Leadership Summit in August, and she hopes to prepare a related report before that.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergeylavrov said more than 10 countries expressed intention to join the BRICS Group. The countries that are likely to join include oil -producing countries such as Saudi Arabia, Iran and the United Arab Emirates. Reuters quoted anonymous officials, saying that Venezuela, Argentina, and Algeria have also submitted formal applications.
Raferov said he and Saudi Foreign Minister Faisal Bin Farhan ALSAUD held a bilateral talks on the BRICS meeting. During the period, the BRICS Group was also discussed in the issue of the BRICS group into a new member.
Ma Zhaoxu, deputy minister of China Foreign Ministry, said that "more countries to join our big family" will increase the influence of the BRICS Group and make it more able to serve developing countries. Beijing is looking forward to this.
He said that the BRICS Group is tolerant and "in sharp contrast to the small circle of some countries." Therefore, he believes that the expansion of the group will be beneficial to all member states.
Chinese Foreign Minister Ma Chaoxu (left) and Brazilian Foreign Minister Mauro Vieira (right) attended the BRICS 5 country talks
Putin received the invitation of the meeting 
After the talks, the BRICS countries will hold a summit in Johnisburg in August, and Russian President Vladimir Putin is also on the invited list.
South African Foreign Minister Naledi Pandor said at the BRICS Foreign Minister's meeting on Thursday (June 1) that five countries received invitations to be planned to be planned to be held in Johannesburg from August 22 to 24.
This makes the BRICS Five Kingdoms Summit particularly dramatic: March this year International Criminal Court (ICC) has issued an arrest order to Putin Essence South Africa is the signing country of the Roman Period of the International Criminal Court. Therefore, if Putin went to Johannisburg in August to the meeting, South Africa would be asked to arrest Putin in accordance with regulations. But so far, South Africa has not yet attended the summit on whether Putin personally attended the summit.
South African Foreign Minister Pan Duor reiterated on the 1st that the summit had invited Russian leaders to attend, and the South African government was considering "legal options."
The Kremlin has not confirmed whether the Putin will attend the summit in August, only saying that Russia will participate in the meeting with "appropriate levels".
The International Criminal Court has issued an arrest warrant for Putin (information photo)
(Comprehensive report)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/金磚五國覓替代貨幣-籲重新平衡世界秩序/a-65800252?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Turn right from Germany? The support rate of the option party and the Social Democratic Party is equal 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T14:30:00Z
Description: If the Federal House elections will be held next Sunday, the German right Option Party will receive 18%of the seats, which is equivalent to the Social Democratic Party. Why is this so?
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: []
Keywords: ['欧债危机', '欧盟', '乌克兰', '德国', '绿党', '留学德国', '留学德国', '德国联邦大选', '德中关系', '俄罗斯入侵乌克兰']
Id: 65809300
In October last year in October last year, the German option party holders held the anti -three -party joint government demonstration
(Voice of Germany Chinese) The satisfaction of German citizens to the current Federal Government and the Social Democratic Party, the Green Party and the Liberal Democratic Party that forms the federal government has never been as low as it is now. Express.
This is the result of the latest survey displayed by Infratest-Dimap, a poll agency entrusted by an ARD TAGESTHEMEN of Germany. About 1,300 Germans with qualified elections were investigated on May 30 and 31, 2023.
, but the support rate drops slightly 
Right -wing populist Germany's selection of the party (AFD) is the main beneficiary of the government's dissatisfaction. Its support rate increased by two percentage points compared with the survey last month. If the election is held now, the support rate of the option party will reach 18%. And Social Democratic Party The second place in the same place, lags behind the support rate of 29%of the CDU/Kyoto Federation. The support rate of the Green Party has fallen to 15%, the worst result since the Federal House election in September 2021. The support rate of the Liberal Democratic Party remains unchanged at 7%. The left -wing party dropped to 4%and could not enter the Federal House.
Why the Optional Party continues to gain an advantage? 
In this survey, the polls specially paid special attention to the supporters of the option party and asked their motives. The answer shows that the dissatisfaction of the current government policy has prompted voters to support the option party.
Most options supporters said that they are currently voting to the option party because of their disappointment and sense of distance (67%), and only one -third (32%) people think their claims and options parties It's closer to convince it.
Refusing refugees 
Infraatest-Dimap also asked what the most important issue that prompted them to vote to the Option Party. The results show that the attitude of foreign immigrants is the most important issue, and two -thirds of the people mentioned. 47%of people think that the current debate on environmental, climate and energy issues is important, and 43%of people think that economic problems are important.
The German ruling party has argued for several months for the heating system for climate protection. Roberthabeck, Minister of Economic Affairs of the Green Party, hopes that starting from 2024, only the heating system driven by at least 65%of renewable energy. The government also hopes to ban natural gas and fuel heating during the transition period. This clearly differentizes the people. 45%of the respondents agreed to the ban in principle, and 49%did not agree. 67%of people are worried that the measures to replace the heating system will bring them overweight. Haber's support also dropped from 30%to 23%.
80%of the respondents and most Social Democratic Party believe that the three -party joint government spent too long in solving the problem and lacks a clear direction.
Provide a fighter to Ukraine? 
Since discussing the issue of providing weapons to Ukraine, Shulz has been hesitant for many accusations. At the G7 summit held in Hiroshima, Japan, several Western countries including the United States announced that they planned to provide Ukraine with the US F16 fighter.
European Fighter of the German Defense Force
Ukraine also expressed his hope to get the "Typhoon" European fighter in Germany Essence However, German citizens' attitudes towards German fighters are still negative. Only 28%believe that Germany should provide, and 64%of them are opposed. Among the Green Party supporters, the proportion of European fighters is basically balanced. Among the supporters of other party factions, the opposition voices dominate.
Military fire delivery, sanctions, diplomacy 
In general, the Germans' attitude towards providing weapons to support Ukraine has reserved three months ago. Only a few people believe that the weapons provided to Ukraine are not enough.
The evaluation of German diplomacy is not high. More than half of the people (55%; increased two percentage points) believed that diplomatic efforts were not enough. The attitude towards sanction policies has almost no change. 42%of respondents believe that they can expand existing sanctions on Russia.
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/德国向右转？选项党与社民党的支持率齐平/a-65809300?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
After the French Open seal, the popular Sambari Card Jin Top 16 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T14:32:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T14:20:04+00:00
Description: (AFP, Paris, 2nd) Belarusian good player Sabeli Card has continued to make two sets today, and took the first time Russia's Rashmomova, who entered the French Tennis Open for the first time.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Aryna Sabalenka (Aryna SABALENKA) with two 6-2 lightly won Kamillakhimova, who ranked 82, has not lost one after another.
The Sabari Card hugged the first Grand Slam Gold Cup back in the Australian Tennis Open this year, and after the Madrid Open was sealed in Madrid Open, this season has a good start, making her one of the popularity of the French Open.
She said after the game: "Each championship is a different championship. The French Open is completely different from Australia and the venue is different. There is a good feeling that there is a Grand Slam gold cup into bags, which brings a lot of confidence."
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%BF%90%E5%8A%A8%E5%A4%A9%E5%9C%B0/20230602-%E6%B3%95%E7%BD%91%E5%B0%81%E5%90%8E%E7%83%AD%E9%97%A8%E8%8E%8E%E8%8A%AD%E8%8E%B2%E5%8D%A1%E6%99%8B16%E5%BC%BA 
John Sebastian Bach: D minor Takata 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T14:40:00Z
Description: D Small Totaca is one of the most popular organic piano works in John Sebastian Bach. He is enthusiastic and magnificent.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 文化经纬
Subjects: ['贝多芬音乐节', '古典音乐风']
Keywords: ['巴赫', '音乐', '古典音乐']
Id: 65809848

culture 
John Sebastian Bach: D Small Tone Takata 
D Small Totaca is one of the most popular organic piano works in John Sebastian Bach. He is enthusiastic and magnificent.

John Sebastian Bach: .d Small Ton Takata 
Takata comes from Italian, which means touch. This style of music from Italian Renaissance is improvisation. The music usually uses a series of decomposition chords to alternate the rapid sound steps. It is characterized by fast movement and playing light finger. It is also called touching skills, which represents freedom, enthusiasm, fashion, passion and madness.
Like most Bach Wind piano works, this song does not leave any original manuscripts.
Researchers believe that from the unrestrained enthusiasm, magnificent spirit, and the bold style of chord connection, it is a work of Bach Youth.
The Polish composer Stolkovsky once adapted this song into orchestra, fully showing the majestic and profound mood of the music. Polish pianist and composer Taoisig have also adapted it into piano songs, making it more widely spread.
Please listen to the piano version played by Johnnes Lang.
Welcome to subscribe to the Voice of Germany "Classical Music Style" to listen to more classical music performances. 
Feed-URL: 
?
iTunes: 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/id1347146553? l = de 

related audio video 
John Sebastian Bach: .d Small Ton Takata 
](https://www.dw.com/zh/overlay/media/zh/约翰塞巴斯蒂安巴赫d小调托卡塔/65320362/65809848)

related information 
[
John Christopher Bach: Dowager E -Treasted Prelimers and Fugg Songs 
John Chrisdorp Bach, the elder brother of the big composer John Sebastian Bach, is a organist. Some of his works have also been circulated, such as reducing the E -tune prelude and Fuge.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/约翰克里斯多夫巴赫降e大调前奏曲和赋格曲/a-65758236) [
John Sebastian Bach: A minority prelude and Fuge 
A minority prelude and Fug are Bach's very early work. Bach is good at creating in the form of Fuge, that is, changes on the basis of limited topics. Please listen to the performance of the Fengqin performers Johneis Lang.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/约翰塞巴斯蒂安巴赫a小调前奏曲与赋格/a-65662186) [
John Sebastian Bach: E Great Treasures 
E -tune is a song from John Sebastian Bach to his brother John Christeov, who is 14 years older than him. Please listen to Johnnes Lang's pipeline.
](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/约翰塞巴斯蒂安巴赫e大调随想曲/a-65607008)
News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/约翰·塞巴斯蒂安·巴赫-d小调托卡塔/a-65809848?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
Sunak is trying to repair the relationship with Beijing quietly 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T14:47
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T15:51
Description: It is reported that British Prime Minister Sonak is trying to quietly repair the relationship between Britain and China. Bloomberg reported that a trade minister sent a trading minister to Hong Kong a few weeks ago. British Consul General, Brian Davidson, accepted the South China Morning Post ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国首相', '苏纳克', '中国', '中英关系']
It is reported that British Prime Minister Sonak is trying to quietly repair the relationship between Britain and China.
Bloomberg reported that a trade minister sent a trading minister to Hong Kong a few weeks ago.
British Consul General in Hong Kong, BrianDavidson, said in an interview with the South China Morning Post in early May that Britain hopes to restart relationships with Hong Kong and discuss through cautious and uninvited channels instead of MEGAPHONEDIPLOMACY and revealed that Senior officials on both sides will visit each other.
British Foreign Minister James Cleverly is expected to visit China within a few months.
However, Sunak did not meet in Beijing to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping in person like France, Germany and Spain leaders.
People familiar with the matter said that Sunak is unlikely to visit Beijing before the next election in the UK, so as not to make people feel that he tries to please China through high -level interviews.
This reflects the dilemma facing Sunak. When he tried to lead Britain to expand the diplomatic space of Brexit, alienation Washington or Beijing was unbearable for London.
Sunak must also respond to domestic, especially his conservative party, increasingly increasingly trust China.
People familiar with the matter said that Sunak didn't want people to feel that he was rewarding China through high -level interviews. As for whether Sunak's measures can make China feel satisfied, it is unclear.
Another person familiar with the matter revealed that Beijing also hoped that Britain would send a senior economic or trading official and a commercial delegation to visit China, instead of sending foreign ministers to China.
A spokesperson at the Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Federal and Development Affairs and the Sunak Office refused to comment on Bloomberg reports.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400500 
The Fed is expected to suspend interest rate hike Asian stocks 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T15:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T12:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Hong Kong, 2nd) Investors are optimistic about the U.S. Federal Preparatory Council (FED) this month's meeting will not increase interest rates and allow central bank officials to evaluate the impact of currency tightening policy for more than a year. Joy.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 After several months of disputes in the United States and the United States, the Federal Senate finally passed a bill that suspended the upper limit of the federal debt and was preparing to be signed by President Biden. With the suspicion of the US debt default, the market's attention returned to the Fed again to crack down on the inflation rate for decades high.
According to the data released yesterday, the number of new people in the United States in May declined, but it is still better than analyst expectations; salary growth has slowed down for the second consecutive month. The news is welcomed by the stock market dealers.
This data also brings a good sign to the US non -agricultural employment report that will be released later and the more attention in May. The latter is one of the major reference indicators for the Federal Substitute to make interest rates.
U.S. currency decision officials have stated that if they want to stop raising the cost of lending, key factors include the US labor market softened and inflation.
The Federal Reserve ’s later month may be the hope of the first time to suspend interest rate hikes for more than a year. Now, two more central bank officials have spoken speeches to add market optimism.
Patrick Harker, president of Philadelphia Fed, advocated that central bank officials should "at least this meeting skipped interest rates."
Philipjefferson, the director of the nominated vice chairman of the Feds Association, also said that it can stop the impact of officials to evaluate the interest rate increase, but it does not mean a tightening cycle stop. His opinions are often consistent with the Federal President Jerome Powell.
The Hong Kong stock market closed up by 4.0%under the drive of technology stocks and led the rise in the Asian stock market. The Tokyo stock market closed up 1.2%, and the Shanghai stock market closed up 0.8%. Sydney, Seoul, Taipei, Bangkok and Manila's stock market also received red.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230602-%E8%81%94%E5%87%86%E4%BC%9A%E5%8F%AF%E6%9C%9B%E6%9A%82%E5%81%9C%E5%8D%87%E6%81%AF-%E4%BA%9A%E8%82%A1%E8%B5%B0%E6%89%AC 
Fire support Ukraine United States intends to buy TNT explosives from Japan 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T15:22:20+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 07:22:20Z
Description: "Reuters" quoted two people familiar with the matter report that the United States sought the supply of TNT explosives from Japan to fill the 155mm artillery shells to help Ukraine counterattack Russia's troops.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['亚太', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-seeking-tnt-from-japan-20230602/7119884.html 
The US -China Defense Minister has a brief conversation and shaking hands to pay attention but no substantial interaction 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T15:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T15:05:02+00:00
Description: （法新社新加坡2日电) 在美中关系恶化之际，两国防长奥斯汀与李尚福今天在新加坡曾短暂对话，并且握手致意。澳洲总理艾班尼斯（Anthony……
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 "Shangri-La Dialogue" Asian Security Conference debuted today in Singapore. US Secretary of Defense Shanngri-Ladialogue and Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu and others sat at the main table at the dinner.
The Pentagon issued a statement stating that Austin had a brief conversation with Li Shangfu at the dinner and shook hands to pay attention, but did not have actual interaction.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E7%BE%8E%E4%B8%AD%E9%98%B2%E9%95%BF%E7%9F%AD%E6%9A%82%E5%AF%B9%E8%AF%9D%E6%8F%A1%E6%89%8B%E8%87%B4%E6%84%8F-%E4%BD%86%E6%97%A0%E5%AE%9E%E8%B4%A8%E4%BA%92%E5%8A%A8 
The unemployment rate is recording the 100 -day operation of Henan Province & quot; Dynamic clearing zero & quot; graduate 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T15:45:31-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T15:45:31-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Chinese college students participating in the vocational job fair Agence France-France-France-France-France-France-France-France-France-A-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaODAO/JingMao/jw-060223100721.html/@stream](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/jw-06022023100721.html/@@stream)It is another year of graduation. With the downward trend of China's economy, this year's employment situation is even more optimistic. The Henan Provincial Department of Education recently launched the "100 -day sprint" operation of college graduates' employment, requiring to achieve "dynamic clear zero" in the 100 -day employment graduates and long -term unlimited graduates. Analysts point out that the CCP's consistent political mobilization can only beautify the data and cannot solve the problem.
China's economy does not see colorful youth unemployment rate hitting a record high * 日企港资关闭中国工厂 国企撤招大学生计划 
As the Chinese economy decline, the employment rate has gone down in recent years. According to many media reports in China, on May 30, the Henan Provincial Department of Education issued the "Henan Province 2023 Graduate Employment" Employment "100 Day Sprint" Action Work Plan ", which caused fierce discussions on the outside world.
Screenshot of the "Henan Provincial Government's official website) issued by the" Henan Provincial Government) issued by the Henan Provincial Department of Education (Henan Province) According to data from the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of China, the number of Chinese college graduates in 2023 reached 11.58 million. Following the number of numbers last year, it hit a record high. According to the "Dahe Daily" reported in January this year, Zhang Guowei, secretary of the Party Group and Director of the Department of Social Security of Henan Province, said that this year's graduates from Henan universities will reach 870,000, a record high. Coupled with previous graduates with unprecedented employment, China's employment continues to maintain a serious trend.
Wang Jian, a time -political critic in the United States, referred to Henan Province this action "inferior governance." He said: "In fact, we all know that including the Henan Provincial Party Committee and the Provincial Government, including the Provincial Party Secretary Lou Yangsheng, are very clear. Now college students cannot find a job because they cannot find a job, but they have no job at all. "
In addition, the plan requires that the disabled graduates with their willingness to employment and employment before August 31 have all implemented employment where they are employed; zero -employment families graduate and long -term unlimited graduates are "dynamically cleared". The term "dynamic clearing zero" has reappeared from external concerns.
In this regard, on the Weibo of China ’s social platform, some netizens said that“ dynamic clearance is here again ”and“ these four words make life and discomfort ”; some netizens commented that“ no graduation certificate does not issue employment agreements without signing an employment agreement. This is not Is it conventional? "" Can this use red -headed files to solve the problem? "
The "Plan" also pointed out that the province's universities in the province carried out a series of "2023 college graduates employment promotion week" activities, further implementing the "million position escort plan", broadening market -oriented employment channels, improving the effectiveness of campus recruitment, and organizing and implementing grassroots employment. project. These include strengthening the "selection of students", "special post teachers", "three branches and one support", "Western Plan", "Rural Revitalization Plan", "Medical College Special Admissions Graduate Program", "Special Program for University Student Rural Doctors", " The publicity of grass -roots employment projects such as the "Urban and Rural Community Plan" encourages graduates to get off the grassroots and enter the troops.
参加职业招聘会的中国大学生(美联社资料图) Henghe, a commentator from the United States, said that political mobilization reminds him of the employment in the middle of the last century.
"The local government is to complete a task. Because the current social instability of the Communist Party of China is a social problem, especially young people." He said: "This is the same as the Cultural Revolution. So that's what Mao Zedong proposed to go to the mountains and the countryside. "
Henghe analysis pointed out that private enterprises play an important role in providing employment, but due to the influence of the CCP, their employment capacity has further narrowed. In addition, the impact of the CCP's immune prevention policy in the past three years, the economic recession is directly reflected in the difficulty of employment.
The "Plan" clearly states that colleges and universities must focus on assisting the epidemic affected by the epidemic situation, less than less internships, failure to enter the school, "stabilizing" and "slow employment". Guide graduates to actively apply for jobs and employment as soon as possible.
The "Plan" specifically pointed out that colleges and universities have carried out three talks for each employment difficult group graduate graduate graduates, organized 3 online and offline employment promotion activities, and recommended 3 valid positions. During the "100 -day sprint" period, the Ministry of Education will implement a working week report system to supervise and monitor the work. All universities should strengthen data verification to ensure that employment data is true and accurate.
Wang Jian believes that this kind of administrative instruction cannot solve the problem of college students' employment, and will eventually only falsify the data in order to ensure the local government's political achievements. Beauty data to decorate the peace will only further intensify social contradictions.
Chen Chuangchuang, a member of the National Federation of Aesthetics, told this station that employment is not a short issue. In the next five years, the unemployment rate will become a foreseeable social problem. Political mobilization is not a solution.According to statistics released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China this month, the national urban survey unemployment rate was 5.2%in April this year. Among the labor forces 16 to 24, the unemployment rate is as high as 20.4%, which is the highest level since China announced this number since 2018.
Reporter: Jingwei Responsible Editor: 纬 网 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/jingmao/jw-06022023100721.html 
Indonesia will launch a golden visa to attract global digital herdsmen and entrepreneurs 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T15:49
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T16:52
Description: Indonesia plans to launch a "golden visa" to attract global talents through long -term residence permits and make Indonesia a more attractive residence and investment place. "Jakarta Post" reported that this was after the Sonko government launched the "Second Hometown" visa plan in October last year, ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['印度尼西亚', '签证', '外国人', '人才']
Indonesia plans to launch a "golden visa" to attract global talents through long -term residence permits and make Indonesia a more attractive residence and investment place.
"Jakarta Post" reported that this was the [the "Second Hometown Visa Plan] in October last year in October last year.(https://www.zaobao.com/news/sea/story20221027-1326829)Later, the second visa policy launched in just a few months.
The Indonesian Minister of Tourism and Creative Economy Sanddiaga Monday (May 29) attended the cabinet meeting: "Golden visa is a new policy we will soon launched, the purpose is to attract the excellent in digital, health care, research and technology fields Talent. "
He believes that the golden visa can not only attract more foreign talents and investment, but also create more employment opportunities for Indonesia.
"This policy will change the rules of the game and attract more foreign digital herdsmen and entrepreneurs to invest in and develop in Indonesia."
He said that foreigners who have obtained the Indonesian golden visa can obtain up to 10 years of residence, but the technical details of this policy remain to be finalized by the Migrant General Administration of the Ministry of Human Rights.
"We hope this can make Indonesia the center of economic growth and sustainable (development) in the future, because we are the largest islands countries that can absorb a large amount of carbon emissions."
The main target of Indonesia's second hometown visa plan is the wealthy foreigners who want to retire in Bali or other popular tourist destinations in Bali or Indonesia.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400599 
The June 4th leader of the June 4th Memorial Hall of New York reiterated to the pursuit of freedom China determination 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T15:54:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T16:39:23-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 In 1989, the Democratic Games leader Zhou Feng locked on the opening of the June 4th Memorial Museum of New York to show the column banner of the country's mirror Reporter Tang Yuanyuan Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaODao/renquanfazhi/tj-060220231911.html/@stream On Friday, the June 4th Memorial Museum, who prepared for more than two years, finally opened in Manhattan, New York on the eve of June 4th. Many leaders, scholars, and overseas democratic movements in the 1989 democratic movement participated in the opening ceremony. His Holiness Dalai Lama, former US ambassador to China WinstonLord, and Chris Smith, a member of the United States, also expressed support for the memorial.
Column: What does the June 4th Memorial Museum show the June 4th 34th Anniversary? * "June 4th" 34th Anniversary Memorial Hall condenses the spirit of the two generations of people's owners 
On June 2nd, the June 4th Memorial Hall in New York held the opening ceremony. In 1989, Democratic Movement leader Wang Dan, Zhou Fengsuo, Wei Junsheng, and Wang Juntao, supporter of overseas democratic movement, and Perrylink, a famous American sinologist, all participated in the ceremony.
The Chinese liaison officer of the Dalai Lama in the United States, TsultrimGyatso, read a written speech of the Dalai Lama at the meeting. The desire. Unfortunately, this peace movement was brutally cleaned by the Chinese government. However, the courage and determination of the participants of this group of democratic movements not only inspired the world, but also told the Chinese people that the truly powerful China not only needs economic wealth At the same time, we must respect the collective and personal rights and freedom. "
Wang Juntao: We must take back Tiananmen Square back 
At the meeting, Wang Juntao, co -chairman of the National Committee of the Democratic Party of China, also talked that although many people who participated in the democratic movement had died or gave up the pursuit of freedom and democracy, today's participants would not give up the ideal of pursuing freedom China: "Must surely definitely To take back Tiananmen Square. It is not for ourselves, for justice, for China, for our compatriots, and for the future of human beings. Today, the CCP has become the biggest threat of human peace and democracy. "
Lin Peirui, a famous American sinologist, talked about the importance of commemorating June 4th. He said that the Tiananmen incident in 1989 let the outside world see the nature of the Communist Party of China: "We remember June 4th because it was a massacre -not only it was not only it was not only a massacre -not only it was not only the helling A suppression; not an accident, incident or storm; not a counter -revolutionary riots, not a vague memory; unlike what a child in China can think of, it is blank. It is not something else, but a massacre. "
Chrissmith, a Republican Republican member of the United States Congress, sent representatives to express his support for the June 4th Memorial Hall, and at the same time, he also condemned China's detained political prisoners. Pierotozzi, director of Personnel, Personnel of the China Congress and the Executive authorities, said at the meeting: "We will not forget those brave human rights defenders who have been detained by the Chinese authorities. In fact, Member of Smith is about to launch a bill The U.S. State Department attaches importance to cases of heroes such as Gao Zhisheng, Ding Jiaxi, and Peng Lifa. "
The June 4th Memorial Hall of New York held the opening ceremony on June 2 (a reporter Tang Yuanyuan) Zhou Feng Suo: A Hong Kong female student was arrested for holding the June 4th banner 
At the meeting, Zhou Fengsuo said that on Thursday, a Hong Kong young man Zeng Yuxuan was arrested by the Hong Kong police for incitement because of his support for June 4th. When the New York Times Square and the world were displayed in many places, she asked me a banner. She knew that it was dangerous, and she was now arrested. Because there were young people like her, the hope of democracy 34 years ago has so far. Still existing. For showing this banner, I take all my responsibility, and I am willing to go to Hong Kong to take her all allegations for her. "
Comprehensive international media reports, Zeng Yuxuan was a doctoral student of the law, because the protesters who died in the Causeway Bay Police in Causeway Bay in Causeway Bay in Causeway Bay in Causeway Bay in Causeway Bay in Causeway Bay this year this year, they were arrested by the Hong Kong police on June 1st. During the search at home, I found the Pillar Poster of the National June 4th Movement.
The June 4th Memorial Hall will visit for free from mid -June 
The June 4th Memorial Museum will openly visit the general public in mid -June, and the people who want to visit must be registered on the website of the memorial hall. It does not need to be charged to visit the memorial hall, but the people welcomed the public donation. For the donation, the June 4th Memorial Hall said: "We need everyone's help. In the past year, everyone has helped for free when preparing the memorial hall. We don't mind without paying, because the results of the memorial hall are rewards. However, in order to continue the project of the memorial hall, we need to hire formal employees, so we welcome everyone's donations to assist. "
Reporter: Tang Yuanyuan Editor: 梒 梒 网 Editor: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/renquanfazhi/tj-06022023141911.html 
Special report on the 34th anniversary of the 64th: young women who take the microphone on the square 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:18:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:44:42-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Among the two boys, the birds wearing a pink jacket were particularly conspicuous, picked up the microphone and shouted. (Photo by Lu Xi)
On the occasion of the 34th anniversary of the 64th, overseas Chinese students standing out of the "White Paper Movement" will commemorate the "June 4th" in their way for the first time. In fact, during the "White Paper Movement", a large number of Chinese women at home and abroad bravely made a sound of resistance to totalitarity. What do they think of the "June 4th"? How do they connect the female leaders of the 89th Study Games of that year?
[How do I know the June 4th] Come on the Come on Wall Street Journal: White Paper Movement Participants Cao Yixin was released four months later in prison * Dialogue Zheng Churan: The success of feminism is a process Xi Jinping's Women's Day Wishes Human Rights Organization to Release Female Political Spechers 
"Freedom China!This is still our responsibility!The Communist Party stepped down!Xi Jinping stepped down!June 4th is not history!Instead of our political reality!" The Que's in the last year of the university undergraduate in the UK, stood on the special day in London. A corner of Lafaya Square. Among the two boys, she was particularly conspicuous in a pink jacket. She picked up the microphone and shouted loudly, introducing the "June 4th" to the passersby, and promoted the "June 4th" commemorative event she participated in the hosting one week later.
"White Paper Sports" female youth: I'm not a obedient little girl 
Even though she shouted her throat, she still worked hard to keep her voice. "What do you want to do on the street? Just shout loudly, you just want to grab the right to speak!It has always been that men are more likely to grab the right to speak. Why? Because women are ruled, let you not speak, and then men's voice I have never been a woman. Then I have realized this, so since then I have been talking loudly, I am not a obedient little girl. "
At the end of last year, inspired by Peng Zaizhou (named Peng Lifa), a "Sitong Bridge Warrior", Queshi began to participate in the "Poster Movement" in London, posted anti -sealing control and supporting free and democratic posters on campus, so as to know a group of like -minded Taoism and Chinese students And the non -profit organization "ChinaDeviants" (temporarily translated "Chinese Anti -Thief").
The non -profit organization "ChinaDeviants" (temporarily translated "Chinese Anti -Thief"), established in Britain and China, will hold the "June 4th" commemorative event. (Provided "China Deviants") As a backbone member, the bird's family actively hosted various activities and supported the "white paper movement" in Britain. "I think a feminist will do one thing, first of all, to do some leading actions. The second is to speak loudly and shout out their appeals loudly."
From feminist reflection of ritual power 
In China to grow up and receive education, Que's said that she had a blurred understanding of the "June 4th" in the past. She only knew that "very bad things" had happened in Tiananmen. Until I went to study in the UK, after being asked by local classmates, she was asked, and she was asked by local classmates. She was asked by local classmates. Search online to really understand what "June 4th" is. However, for her, the real political enlightenment is the feminist theory read in the UK, so that she doubts the Chinese system full of patriarchal color.
"I realize that feminism cannot be separated from politics, because when we have to reach our rights, we must have certain political impacts, and then get some political rights." Que's I think it is not only a totalitarian government, it is also a very patriarchal and patriarchal system. For example, some diplomatic methods made by Xi Jinping are like a 'strong man ideological', which is what he wants to be a strong man. In the party, women and ethnic groups are the same as vases. "
雀氏除了举办纪念“六四”的活动以外，也持续举办和女性议题相关的活动。 (“China Deviants”提供) 
The 89th Study Games dominated by men? 
On the other hand, she also re -reflected that the Eighth and Ninth Study Games, which is a precedent for the Chinese resistance movement. She believes that this movement is dominated by men, and women are more logistical. However, their contributions have been ignored in the past 30 years. "When I have learned some of the more familiar theories of feminist, such as power levels, inequality of power, and how women are exploited by invisible ways, and why women are always erased in history. In fact, this has certain June 4th. Related, many women are working hard during the June 4th period, but you will see the photos taken, as well as the documents left, and the like, which are actually men. "
In addition to hosting the "June 4th" activity, the Que's also continued to host activities related to women's issues. (Provided "China Deviants") "I think her observation is very sharp." During the 89th school movement, Wang Chaohua, who participated in the Beijing University Student Autonomous Federation (Gao Zilian), was a few female student leaders of the year. The Beijing Public Security Bureau released only two women two women and Chai Ling released by the 21 -person wanted list released after the "June 4th". Wang Chaohua recalled that at the end of April 1989, a few days after Hu Yaobang's memorial service, when she first went to Peking University to meet with the student leader, Chai Ling brought her to a boys' dormitory and introduced Feng Congde.
代表研究生参加北京高校学生自治联合会(高自联)的王超华，是当年少数女性学生领袖之一。 (王超华提供) She said that the common phenomenon of that year was the meeting of all student leaders, which were carried out in the boys' dormitory. The room was full of boys. The girls were more assisted from the side, so that she felt the gender difference: "For example, I from us from us When the school goes to Peking University and other schools, to see the status of sports, to understand and communicate, you must go to every school for a boys' dormitory. Yes, positive girls have basically become the secretary of active boys, and girls are basically auxiliary and supported characters. "
Wang Chaohua is 37 years old during the school movement. He is the older graduate student among the student leaders. Therefore, he has won the respect of other student leaders. It is comparable to women's identity and free voice. Looking back at that year, Wang Chaohua believed that she and Chai Ling played different roles in the academic movement, but they couldn't get out of gender: "I am a role that is much older than everyone, and then can play a balance. A weak, passionate, pure, and ideal image. From the beginning of the hunger strike to the end, there is a strong appeal image. "
代表研究生参加北京高校学生自治联合会(高自联)的王超华，是当年少数女性学生领袖之一。 (王超华提供) Like Que's, Wang Chaohua also believes that women's role in the 89th Study Games has been marginalized in the past 30 years. "Of course I have been there, I am a woman in myself, but my gender identity is basically marginalized, or wiped out. For more than 30 years, you are the first to find me. From a gender perspective, more than 30 years. Although as a woman, although they are commemorating each year, this gender role is erased in history. Or marginalized. "
The feminist voice absent from the 89th school movement **
From the perspective of Beijing citizen Lu Jinghua at that time, although there were not many female leaders in the school movement, many women participated in miscellaneous and supported work. At that time, she opened a clothing store in Beijing. She was infected with students' movement. She simply closed the door and did not do business. She pushed a bicycle to raise donations and send materials for students: "I watched a group of students holding donations boxes, and a group of students were in Tiananmen Square is on a hunger strike. Then many students are from other places. They do n’t eat or drink. We can support it if you can support it, because after all, it is a foreign child. We can give it a little help. "She said," Anyway At the time, the citizens came to support, and they were particularly actively given some supplies. The soda bought at home, a box of boxes and a box of buns and buns at home. "
Lu Jinghua also joined the Beijing Workers' Autonomous Federation (Workers' Union) to organize the workers' movement. She served as the latest news of the broadcasting campaign on Tiananmen Square, as well as the manuscripts of various masses to spread the voices of workers and different groups. Looking back at the time, she said that students and the masses had the demands of anti -corruption, fighting for the rights and interests of workers, and political reform, but they had hardly heard the voices of fighting for women's rights.
Lu Jinghua also joined the Beijing Workers' Autonomous Federation (Workers' Federation) to organize the workers' movement. She served as the latest news of the broadcasting campaign on Tiananmen Square. (Provided by Lu Jinghua) 
After the "June 4th", political reforms ended women into political vases 
Wang Chaohua also said that she participated in the Beijing university student dialogue delegation. When the student was preparing to talk to the government, the feminist appeal was never included in the agenda. However, in fact, she believes that the social status of women during the 1989 Studies Games retreats during the Cultural Revolution. The reason is that after the CCP has gone out of the Cultural Revolution and entered the economic reform, many social issues including men and women, including men and women, have been abandoned.
Mao Zedong advocated that "women can top half the sky" and encourage women to get out of their families and participate in the public domain. However, Wang Chaohua believes that with the end of the political reform in the "June 4th", the social status of Chinese women is getting lower and lower -the social tradition is increasingly required that women should be obedient; in the political system, women have become vases and become more than vases and become even more become more vases and become even more. The victims in the struggle of power and nobles: "The economic reform of the nearly two or 30 years, the bureaucrat is basically the noble, and at the same time, there is the right to and money. When it is black and greedy, it often comes out. In the political struggle, the role of sexual services. Not only the officialdom, including the big companies, all of them have become a matter of course and publicly accepted. So this is a social reality that is very unfriendly to women. "
Wang Chaohua believes that many professional women who have received higher education have come forward to participate in the "white paper movement" and admire them very much. (Provided by Wang Chaohua) The latest report released by the United Nations to the Women's Discrimination Commission recently pointed out that there are no women in the 7 Standing Committee of the 20 Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, and among the 24 Politburo members, there are no women for the first time in 20 years. Among the 14th China National People's Congress, the proportion of women is less than 27%. The committee is concerned about the lack of women in China's highest leadership, and urges the Chinese government to increase the number of women in decision -making and government departments. The committee also expressed concerns about the reports of Chinese women's human rights defenders' intimidation and harassment.
Lu Jinghua believes that it is the current system of China that there will be tragedies like the "iron chain girl". However, Xi Jinping's wife Peng Liyuan, although the title of "Women and Children's Special Envoy" of the UNESCO, did not say a word to the situation of the "iron chain woman": "What contribution of Peng Liyuan to Chinese women? Does a singer? Does she go to the grassroots level? Does she know the pain of Chinese women? If you really understand, you really represent Chinese women, and a 'iron chain woman' was exposed in March last year. Chinese women, who spoke at the International Women's Congress, I think it is a violation of the title of women's representatives, which is unacceptable. "
Chinese women who came out of the "White Paper Movement" from silence to explosion 
Lu Jinghua said that when she worked as an overseas Chinese human rights agency, many grass -roots women in China were overwhelmed and risked to her. Dissatisfaction with the system.
Wang Chaohua believes that the long -term oppression of Chinese society has made many professional women who have been educated from higher education to participate in the "White Paper Movement" and admire them very much: "White paper sports, we see that standing in front, most Some are girls. Including arrested, they are basically girls. It is really a very eye -catching social change. You can see that feminist consciousness is entering the new generation, and women who have been educated have a conscious consciousness. "
Wang Chaohua believes that many professional women who have received higher education have come forward to participate in the "white paper movement" and admire them very much. (Provided by Wang Chaohua) Cao Yixin, Li Yuanjing, Zhai Dengrui, and Li Siqi, four young girls who were arrested after participating in the "White Paper Movement" in Beijing Liangmaqiao, Beijing, became the representative of the new generation of feminist movements in China. And more and more Chinese women also make resistance in different forms at home and abroad.
Like Que's, in addition to commemorating the "June 4th" activities, she also strives to organize activities related to female issues: "By letting everyone know feminism, maybe they will slowly awaken some citizen consciousness, and then slowly will slowly slowly will slowly slowly will slowly slowly will slowly slowly wake up, and then they will slowly slowly will slowly slowly will slowly slowly wake up, and then they will slowly slowly will slowly slowly. To criticize the entire political system. So if you cut in through some theories of feminism, in fact, the impact on the mainland may have a greater impact. Including you see that the feminist movement has never stopped. "
The new generation of Chinese women is taking the microphone on Tiananmen Square and sparking loudly for their female compatriots around the world.
(Due to the safety principle, the bird's family in this article is a pseudony
Reporter: Lu Xi (London) Responsible Editor: Jiayuan.com editor: He Fu

News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/al-06022023095528.html 
Said the tap the tap Harry, Harry will become the first member of the royal family in more than a hundred years to testify 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:20
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:41
Description: 为了指控镜报报业集团（Mirror Group Newspapers，简称MGN）非法窃听电话，英国哈里王子将在下周与其他知名人士共同出席作证，这一举措使他成为130年来首位出庭作...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['英国', '哈里王子']
In order to accuse Mirror GroupNewspapers (MGN) illegal eavesdropping call, Prince Harry Harry will attend testimony with other well -known people next week. This initiative has made him the first senior British royal family member to testify in 130 years.
Reuters reported on Friday (June 2) that the objects that were eavesdropped include actors, sports stars, celebrities, and people who are related to high -known people, with more than 100 people. The prosecution pointed out that MGN's reporter and private detective commissioned by MGN conducted a "industrial scale" telephone eavesdropping on the above individuals, also obtained their personal information through fraud, and tapped more information through other illegal behaviors.
The prosecution lawyer David Sherborne said MGN's senior editors and managers knew that they also approved these eavesdropping behaviors.
MGN denied that these allegations did not recognize senior people in advance and allowed these illegal acts, arguing that the time for part of the lawsuit was a bit "too late".
However, MGN apologized to Harry in the court documents before the trial, and acknowledged that its "SundaypeOPLE" had illegally collected Harry's information, saying that he had the right to compensate for this matter, but rejected Harry other others in other Harry other Related allegations.
The analysis believes that Harry, as the fifth heir of the throne, will make this eavesdropping a lot of attention.
Harry said that in order to protect or improve his reputation, his family and their assistants were the same as the leakage of negative news. Buckingham Palace did not comment on this statement.
In March of this year, Harry and singer Elton John and several other high -known British high -profile people accused the media of the United Newspaper Corporation's illegal theft of information and attended the hearing in the London High Court.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400609 
US studies have confirmed that a dark galaxy is a typical galaxy in the early days of the universe 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:27
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T16:27
Description: A new study in the United States has confirmed that an unusually dim distant galaxy is the typical representative of the first batch of galaxies in the universe. It is the fog of "tearing" hydrogen atoms of this type of galaxy, ending the "dark era" of the universe. New discoveries help in -depth understanding is important to the evolution of the universe ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['太空']
A new study in the United States has confirmed that an unusually dim distant galaxy is the typical representative of the first batch of galaxies in the universe. It is the fog of "tearing" hydrogen atoms of this type of galaxy, ending the "dark era" of the universe.
New discoveries help in -depth understanding of the Reionization process that is vital to the evolution of the universe.
Xinhua News Agency reported on Friday (June 2) that the University of California Los Angeles issued a statement recently saying that the researcher at the university cooperated with international counterparts to use the James Wob Space Telescope to study the spectrum number "JD1" galaxy in detail, and and and and and and. It is calculated to calculate its accurate age, structural characteristics and heavy elements.
JD1 was first discovered in 2012. Behind a huge galaxy group, the gravitational lens effect of the galaxy group enlarged its brightness by 13 times, allowing people to discover it.
The new study published in the British "Nature" magazine shows that the shape of the JD1 galaxy is complicated, and the volume and quality are much smaller than that of the Milky Way. Its light presents a scene in which the universe is only 480 million years old. Judging from the actual brightness, it is the typical galaxy that ended the "Dark Age" of the universe.
Researchers pointed out that due to observation technology, most of the most distant galaxies discovered before were brighter and scarce. They were not representative in early galaxies. The theory believes that the main contribution to the universe is the main contribution of the universe, but they are wrapped in neutral hydrogen atoms and are difficult to observe.
After the Big Bang of the Universe, with the expansion and cooling of the universe, protons and electronics were combined into neutral hydrogen. At this time, the first batch of stars and galaxies had not yet been born, and the universe entered the "dark era" without light. Hundreds of millions of years later, the first batch of high -energy ultraviolet rays issued by the star and galaxy caused the hydrogen atom to ionize and opened the "reconstruction era", and the universe became more and more transparent.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400611 
Wang Dan's body harassment is accused of "Li Yuanjun" for the first time in an interview 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:28:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:39:34-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Wang Dan, the leader of the 89th Democratic Games (left), hosted the opening ceremony of the June 4th Memorial Hall in New York on June 2, 2023 Reporter Tang Yuanyuan Photography Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yatabaodao/zhengzhi/wy-06022023123844.html/@stream 
6月2日是纽约六四纪念馆正式开幕的日子。正在纽约主持开幕式的八九民运领袖王丹却忽然被台湾男子"李元钧"在社交媒体脸书上指控遭到了对方的性骚扰。本台在第一时间采访到了王丹和"李元钧"双方的说法。
纽约六四纪念馆开幕 六四领袖重申追求自由中国决心 At 9:40 on the morning of June 2nd, it was 20 minutes to officially open from the June 4th Memorial Hall of New York. The reporter from this station asked Wang Dan's response to sexual harassment at the scene. He said, "In a word, there is nothing at all, since there is nothing at all, I can't do anything, right?"
In the background of Wang Dan's voice, the noisy voice of the people at the commemorative hall.
Suddenly the allegations 
This allegations appeared on Facebook around 4 pm on June 2, Beijing time. The man named "Li Yuanjun" posted a picture on Facebook. The background was to mourn the fuzzy scene of the candlelight party of the 64th massacre in 1989. In the middle is the four eye -catching white Chinese characters "please apologize" Essence
In the post, "Li Yuanjun" detailed the process of kissing him in the room of a restaurant in Flushing, New York, and attempted attempt.
Then, "Li Yuanjun" told some other details.
"Li Yuanjun" also said in the post that Wang Dan has been harassing him in language a few days later. "In the next week, I continue to face his words of words, sexual harassment jokes, and continuous indicating me. I hope I will follow him with him. sleep together."
"Li Yuanjun" also told some backgrounds of the US trip to the United States. "In June 2014, I just met Wang Dan, and he invited me to the United States. At that time, I was less than 20 years old. For example, Wang Dan was a celebrity. I was very longing for him at the time. It was my honor to be invited by him to the United States. "But" Li Yuanjun "did not explain why Wang Dan invited him at the time.
Who is Xie Xie? 
"Li Yuanjun" said that at the time, there was an assistant named Xie Dan at that time, and his sexual harassment happened when the assistant Xie's departure. After the incident, "Li Yuanjun" told the assistant about the situation, but the assistant did not provide any help, but just said that Wang Dan was joking with him and was making trouble.
"Li Yuanjun" announced in a Facebook post later the screenshot of the SMS message he and Xie's assistant SMS. But who is the assistant to Xie, "Li Yuanjun" has not been announced, and this station cannot be verified.
"Li Yuanjun" returned to Taiwan after the trip. He said in the post that he was unfamiliar with his life in the United States and didn't know how to call the police. He didn't know what to do, so he had been patient. But this incident is one of his most afraid of the time in his life. He once kept himself in the rental house for several days, crying and fear, trying to forget this trip to the United States.
"Li Yuanjun" was frank as a homosexual identity, and said that he had told the Taipei City Councilor Lin Liangjun and Taipei City Councilor Qiu Weijie (Ji Ji) who had been working together at the time.
A "not surprised" one "is not unexpected" 
"Li Yuanjun" emphasized in the post that after that after that, after June 4, Wang Dan came forward to speak, and he felt nauseous and uneasy. What he looks like. "
Regarding the public before June 4th this year, "Li Yuanjun" told this station that he did not take advantage of this day, but because many political workers in Taiwan recently proposed the allegations of sexual harassment in the workplace. The matter has a great impact on me, and it has given me a lot of encouragement for me; I think it happens at this time. If I do n’t say it now, I do n’t know when I can have the courage to say this. "
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, Jian Liying, one of the screenwriters of the "candidate -the Creator", also published a long post on Facebook on June 2, accusing him of sexual harassment by Chinese poet Beiling during the university. But Beiling responded to the outside world that this was completely a fabrication.
For "Li Yuanjun" publicly before June 4th, Wang Dan told the station, "I let the outside world judge, and I don't want to say anything. I think everyone knows it, and I don't need to say anything."
After Wang Dan heard the allegations on the morning of June 2nd, Eastern time, he soon responded to Facebook that he was a bit helpless, but he was not surprised that the sexual harassment mentioned by the author did not exist at all. He also said that he was busy, and his political activities would not be affected by any. He also made a similar statement when he responded to others inquiring.
"Li Yuanjun" immediately posted on Facebook that he was not surprised by his response to Wang Dan, but disappointing. He questioned, "Is it difficult to talk about things and frank mistakes?"
"Li Yuanjun" told this station that in addition to the SMS records that have been announced with Assistant Xie, there are some evidence in his hands, "I have some other photos and recording left in the United States, but I still hope that the teacher can, hope that the teacher can, hope that Wang Dan can face my own fault. Don't wait for me to make these information disclosure, let's talk about more lying, and to circle more of this. "
The reporter of this station noticed that until the deadline, Wang Dan had deleted his response on Twitter.
Reporter: Wang Yun (Reporter Tang Yuanyuan, Huang Chunmei, and Xia Xiaohua contributed to reports) Edited: Editor of Qingqing.com: Hong Wei
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/yataibaodao/zhengzhi/wy-06022023123844.html 
Column | Tibet Observation: Human rights experts follow the forced labor of the Tibet Autonomous Region; Tibetans in the United States are committed to cultural heritage 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:37:43-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T16:37:43-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Students wearing traditional Tibetan costumes study Tibetan traditional dances in Tibetan schools. Screenshot of the official website of the Tibetan Association of the Capital area Audio-LLINK: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/xizangzonglan/tibet-06022023154826.html/@stream Hello everyone, my friends, I am Chen Aizheng, Tibet sends out to invite you to look at Tibet with me. Recently, the United Nations human rights experts have paid attention to the Tibet Autonomous Region's compulsory vocational training plan and forced labor, which is similar to the situation of Xinjiang Uighurs. According to UN experts, since 2015, hundreds of thousands of Tibetans have "shifted" from traditional rural life to low -skills and low -income jobs. The Tibetans living in the United States are working hard for the inheritance of Tibetan language, culture and religion. They also said, "Once you lose your language, it is easy to lose your culture." In this episode, let's find out together.
A UN human rights expert expressed concerns that allegations about the compulsory vocational training plan and labor transfer of the Tibet Autonomous Region in China may affect the human rights of Tibetans, similar to the situation of Xinjiang Uighurs.
The UN contemporary form slavery special reporter Tomoya Obokata and other United Nations experts said that these projects were used to destroy Tibet's religious, language and cultural identity, as well as supervising and political instillation of Tibetans.
In a press release issued by the UN High Commissioner's Office of Human Rights on April 27, Xiaobao Fangzhi also warned other people that these projects could cause forced labor.
Xiaobao Fangzhi also said that he was waiting for the translation that the Chinese government responded. The Chinese government had previously stated that participating in professional training programs was voluntary. Professor Xiaobao Fang Zhi, a professor at the International Human Rights Law, also told Liberty Asia on April 28th,
"But in practice, according to the information obtained from various channels, many times Tibetans have no choice, so they can only accept it. I don't say that all situations are unwilling because there is no clear evidence in this regard. ... but similar to Xinjiang's situation, there may be signs of some forced labor, so this is why we ask the Chinese government to provide clarification and reply at this stage. "
In 2017, after the Chinese authorities began to detain Uighurs in the "re -education" camp in Xinjiang, some Uighurs were forced to work and other rights. The Chinese government said that these camps are vocational training centers to prevent religious extremism and terrorism in turbulent areas.
In a 20 -page report released in August 2022, Xiaobao Fangzhi also said that Xinjiang's Uyghur, Kazakh and other ethnic minorities were used as agricultural and manufacturing departments under the stipulated systems stipulated by the two countries. Forced labor, ethnic minorities are detained and forced to accept work resettlement or become extra labor farmers.
According to the report, similar measures have also been adopted by neighboring Tibet. The extensive labor transfer plan has shifted Tibetan farmers, herders and other rural workers to low -skills and low -income jobs.
The Chinese government restricts Tibetans as a Buddhist political activity and peaceful expression culture and religious identity.
Tibetans often complain about the discrimination and human rights of Chinese authorities, as well as policies they mean to eliminate their nation and cultural identity.
UN experts said in the press release: "The Tibetans are traditionally have relatively advantageous sustainable livelihoods, such as wool and dairy products to turn to the low salary and low skills of manufacturing and construction."
They then pointed out that the Tibetans shifted directly from the training center to a new workplace, but they did not know whether they agreed with these tasks. However, experts said that due to the lack of supervision, it was impossible to determine whether the working conditions constituted forced labor.
Xiaobao Fangzhi is also worried about other people. The vocational training plan "aims to promote the development of non -diversified, single races, and single ethnic countries, which violates the provisions of the prohibition of racial discrimination by the International Human Rights Law."
They call on China to provide detailed information to explain measures taken for Tibetans to choose to withdraw from vocational training and labor transfer programs, supervise the working conditions of Tibetans at a new work place, and ensure that they respect the religion, language and cultural characteristics of Tibetans.
UN experts also submitted a letter to the Chinese government, expressing concerns about Xinjiang's mainly Muslim Uyeuristic ethnic minorities.
Xiaobao Fangzhi also said: "We have seen a similar model in treatment, so this is why we have to express concerns about Tibetans at this time."
In addition, Tibetans are committed to cultural heritage. Nine -year -old Tenzing Kunzang Gyanakwa stepped forward to pick up the microphone. He stood in front of about 60 students, teachers and parents gathered in the center of the community.
He told the crowd with a clear voice that the Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader Dalai Lama Dalai Lama was "simple and powerful" in a children's book. Dan Zeng wore a blue Tibetan shirt with golden border and tassel, telling about "seeds of compassion". He said,
"The Dalai Lama believes that cultivating compassion can make us happier and more fulfilling, and it can also have a positive impact on others."
Danzheng's Sunday afternoon lecture is part of the opening ceremony of the Tibetan school every week. The school is located in a community center in Vienna, northern Virginia, Washington. Volunteers teach Tibetan to children aged 3 to 18. Essence
This self -funded school is one of the 36 schools in North America, where about 36,000 Tibetans live — the largest Tibetan community outside India. About 400 families live in the Greater Washington area.
The goal of the school network is very simple, and it is becoming more and more important: in the face of the Chinese government's attempt to suppress it, it keeps Tibetan language and culture.
China forced the Tibetan Autonomous Region and other Tibetan children to separate from Tibetan children and family members into Chinese provinces (such as Sichuan and Qinghai), and then sent to boarding schools taught in Mandarin.
This is just one of the many measures that Chinese authorities try to erode Tibetan lifestyle.
The Chinese authorities prohibit the sending boys and girls under the age of eighteen to the temple and the nuns and close the religious school.
They implement strict surveillance on Tibetans while restricting their connection with overseas Tibetans. They forced collection of biometric data and drove the herdsmen out of their ancestors. The Beijing authorities even interfered the selection of the next Dalai Lama. The principal of the school and operating the school's "Capital Region Tibetan Association"(CATA)Member of the board of directors Gesang Dorji said,
在维也纳举行的开幕式上，在与会者齐唱美国和西藏国歌并诵念佛经后，50 多名学生根据年龄分散到三个教室学习两个小时的藏语。
在一节课上，二年级学生正在学习和背诵藏语中的颜色词。在另一场比赛中，学龄前儿童在学习身体部位词汇方面的功课做得很好，得到了老师用藏语的表扬。
高中学生在开始藏语课之前进行了两分钟的冥想。
课程在周日下午 3 点到 5 点举行，然后是一个小时的唱歌或跳舞。老师都是志愿者，学校向每个孩子收取大约每月 20 美元的象征性费用，用于支付中心的租金。
这所学校于 1997 年非正式成立，当时一名藏人在 1990 年代后期根据一项计划来到美国，该计划向居住在印度和尼泊尔的藏人提供 1,000份移民签证，这名藏人开始在他的地下室向五六名学生教授藏语。
学校遵循总部设在印度达兰萨拉的西藏流亡政府藏人行政中央教育部为在西方长大的藏人儿童设计的课程。课程指导是非政治性的，对中国政府在西藏的政策只字不提。
多吉说：“我们正在努力保存佛教教义，几千年前，我们的祖先费尽千辛万苦去印度把它带回给藏人。如果随着时间的推移我们失去了这种语言，我们将失去所有这些年来一直保存下来的教义。”
多吉估计，有 350 至 400 个西藏家庭居住在大华府地区，其中包括哥伦比亚特区以及马里兰州和弗吉尼亚州北部的部分地区，他们的成年人是 1990年代后期移民涌入的一部分。
但这些家庭也担心他们的孩子会融入美国文化，以至于忘记他们的文化身份和传统。
另一位首都地区藏族协会董事会成员，也是丹增根藏嘉瓦的爸爸丹增诺布说：“所有藏族家庭的恐惧和担忧之一是，我们担心下一代将无法遵循藏族文化和传统，尤其是现在他们更多地融入美国的生活方式和文化”。
在该校任教超过 15 年的次仁拉莫( Tsering Lhamo )对此表示赞同，他说 ， 
“一旦你失去了语言，就很容易失去你的文化”。
3 月中旬，该校的两名教师与来自类似学校的大约 80 名其他教育工作者一起在加利福尼亚州举办了为期三天的研讨会，学习如何将社交、情感和道德学习(SEE)Incorporate their education plan.
Social, emotional and moral learning (SEE) framework content mainly comes from the Dalai Lama's works on secular ethics- "Beyond Religion: Ethics of the entire World" and "New Thousands of Ethics".
The two teachers of the Tibetan Association of the Capital Region, and then held a seminar for the teachers and students of the school in Vienna. Doji talked about the teaching time of Tibetan schools,
"This is not limited to language. We are also trying to instill these values from children, so that when they go out, they will become a truly responsible citizen, full of compassion and empathy, making the world better."
The school hopes to incorporate Tibetan in the World Linguistics Sub -examination of the Public School System of Ferfax County, which evaluates foreign language reading and writing ability.
Students from grades to the twelfth grade can get up to three courses to meet the world language requirements of senior research diplomas. The test is also a recognition evaluation awarding the Bilingual Seal of the Education Department of Virginia.
However, Doji pointed out that the school must first increase the number of students enrolled in order to be considered to participate in the plan.
Writing, hosting, production: Chen Aizheng
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/xizangzonglan/tibet-06022023154826.html 
Column | Interpretation of Xinjiang: Uighurs seeking assistance from the United Nations to be imprisoned; Human Rights Organization criticized the Central Asian Summit to ignore the Xinjiang Human Rights Crisis 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:38:24-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T16:38:24-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 图马利斯.牙里坤手持父亲的照片，呼吁中国当局释放他。 TU Maris Ya Road Group Audio-Link: https: // Woohoo. Hair dye .org/mandarin/column/interpretation of Xinjiang/Xinjiang -06022023154759.html/@@ stream 
听众朋友大家好，我是陈爱祯，欢迎您与我一起解读新疆。在过去的一年里，为被关押在中国的亲人寻求正义的维吾尔人，向一个鲜为人知的联合国机构寻求帮助；联合国任意拘留问题工作组对总共八名维吾尔族被拘留者作出了三项裁决。在每一个案件中，它都对中国政府作出裁决，称北京当局通过监禁方式侵犯了他们的人权。裁决虽然不具有法律约束力，但提供了外交官在进行交涉时可以向中国政府提交的文件。此外，在中亚峰会上，北京与五个国家达成贸易和投资协议，但人权组织称，中国对维吾尔人的镇压被忽视了。本期节目中，我们就一起来进一步了解情况，相关人士的谈话由安克录音。
来自新疆的图马利斯.牙里坤说，“每个案例都是一个单独的故事，但更多地证明了中国政府试图将维吾尔人作为一个整体抹去”。图马利斯成功地向该组织请愿，要求对她父亲、作家兼教科书编辑牙里坤·肉孜作出裁决。
今年 3 月，这个由联合国人权事务高级专员任命的五人所组成的工作组要求中国当局立即释放企业家艾克拜尔·艾塞提( Ekpar Asat)、医生古丽仙·阿巴斯(Gulshan Abbas) 和新闻工作者库尔班.马木提( Qurban Mamut)。三人在美国都有家人，马木提是一名自由亚洲电台员工的父亲。
2022年，除牙里坤·肉孜外，工作组还裁定中国政府对喀什一家四口的拘留是任意的。
工作组的决定不具有法律约束力。但对于向该组织请愿裁决的海外家庭成员来说，它们代表了中国侵犯其亲人权利的重要官方确认。
他们还可以提供有用的第三方文件，供外国外交官在与中国交涉时引用。艾克拜尔·艾塞提的姐姐、国际法律师热伊汗·艾塞提(Rayhan offended)explain,
"The report of the working group is their recognition of the Chinese atrocities, and this is a big step forward."
Radio Free Asia called the Chinese delegation to China in New York and the Geneva United Nations.
The opinion pointed out that the Chinese government did not respond to the work group's inquiry about Esseti, Abbas, Mami, and Kashgar Abdullahid family, and added that the Chinese authorities failed to respond. main reason.
The opinion also said that the Chinese government told the working group that it strictly abide by the law when he tried the case of Kun Kun · Ji Zizi, but did not solve other problems.
The Chinese government did not disclose any judicial documents about the detention, but Chinese officials confirmed through sporadic exchanges that except for a detention person, everyone else was sentenced to long -term imprisonment.
In the response, the Chinese government told the working group that Yanyu Kun · Ji Zizi was sentenced to life imprisonment with "splitting the country and destroying the unity of the country".
Officials of the Chinese Consulate in Istanbul told Turkish residents Nurssman Abdullahid that her father Abdullahid Turpi was sentenced to nearly 17 years for "disrupting social order and preparing terrorist activities" for nearly 17 years. In prison, her mother, Taguri Cardir, was sentenced to 13 years in prison for "ready to carry out terrorist activities."
Abdullahid later learned that her brother Muhammad Ali was sentenced to 15 years in prison, but she had never heard of her other brother Aimai Titanjiang.
Gulian Abbas's daughter, Ziba Mulati(Ziba Murat)The words were quoted "a person who was exposed to sensitive information" said that in 2019, Abbas was sentenced to 20 years in prison for terrorism.
The Chinese Embassy in Washington was a senator Chris Kanes in 2020(Chris Coons)An email in the office stated that Ecbiel Esseti was sentenced to 15 years in prison. He was convicted of conviction. According to Xinjiang officials interviewed by Radio Free Asia last year, Kurban Mumimiti was sentenced to 15 years in prison for "political crime".
These rulings reflect the concerns of some family members, that is, the detainees may become the goal for their relationship with the United States.
Mami's son Bahram Sintash is a digital content producer of Radio Free Asia. In February 2017, shortly after Mumimi visited the United States, Bykramu lost contact with his father.
Acet disappeared three weeks after participating in the US State Department's leadership training program. Abbas's last contact with the outside world was in September 2018. A few days ago, her sister in the United States delivered a speech that accused the Uyghur infringement of human rights. "Uyghur intellectuals like my father who served Radio Free Asia," Uyghur intellectuals like my father are the first victims of the Chinese government to suppress the Uighurs. I strongly ask the Chinese government to respond to the call of the United Nations working group and release my father unconditionally. Let him and my mother live for the rest of his life. "
According to its website, the UN arbitrarily detention problem group held three meetings in Geneva each year and issued about 70-90 rulings each year. The working group said that the Chinese government has not approved its request to visit the country in 2015.
The working group determined that the Chinese authorities' detention of eight Uighurs violated Article 2, Article 3, Sixth, Seventh, Article 8, Article 9, Article 10, and No. 1 of the World Human Rights Declaration Declaration of the World Article 11 and Article 19. China helped draft the document and signed in 1948. Although the Chinese government continues to support the statement, it is not legal binding.
Uyghur activists have long demanded the United Nations to condemn the Chinese authorities' actions in the Uighur region, but slowed down in the Chinese government and opposition with their friendly countries.
In 2019, the United Nations representatives from more than 50 countries jointly issued a public letter to the Human Rights College to praise China's human rights records and China's "de -extremization" and "anti -terrorism" methods in Xinjiang.One month after the report was published, the UN Human Rights Council with 47 member states rejected a proposal to debate the region's violation of human rights in the region. As a protest, 50 UN General Assembly, including the United States, signed an open letter to support the report.
This functional disorder makes any UN ruling -even from a five -person working group -the Uighurs who seek justice for the family of the detention people are of profound significance. Nurssman. Abdullahid told Liberty Radio,
"I know my family is innocent, but others don't know -they may think that my family has committed these crimes. Therefore, when an international organization released a official report that the Chinese government should release my family, I am very happy. "
The UN arbitrarily detention problem group website said that any family or individual can submit complaints on any detention case to the working group. The Uyghur family in this report submits petitions, hires lawyers, or cooperates with non -governmental organizations to file a case.
After obtaining a positive verdict, Uighur families may be difficult to find the next step of justice for their loved ones.
Abdullahid said, "(After the ruling) I feel confused again because we cannot use this report to deal with the Chinese government. I can't find any organization or individual to use this document to take some actions against the Chinese government. "
However, racial extinction prevention consultant Hano Shadler(Have screen)It is said that the UN ruling can provide useful third -party documents for foreign diplomats in negotiations with China. He said,
"It allows various countries to mention an institution. Although it is not without problems, it is still very important in ensuring human rights."
At present, a spokesman for Senior Commissioner's Office of Human Rights, led by Forter Tilk, commented to Liberty Radio Radio in Radio Asia in the latest report of the working group of the Sales Devitice. It is consistent.
Human Rights Specialist spokesman Jerry Lawrence(Jeremy Laurence)In an email, "We have urged the Chinese authorities to provide information about the whereabouts and status of the detention person's whereabouts and the release of the person who was arbitrarily detained or imprisoned."
Ru Xian Abbas, the executive director of Gu Lixian and the executive director of the Uyghur Movement, said that she hopes that the United Nations has recently paid attention to the Uyghur region to promote the agency to issue a bold statement. She used the Uyghur's preferred name for their homeland,
"The next step they must take is to declare that China has committed racial extinction and harming human crimes in East Turkestan (known as Xinjiang)."
In addition, the Chinese government ended the first summit with the five Central Asian leaders on May 19, and reached several agreements to promote trade, investment and security relations.
Chinese President Xi Jinping promised to provide US $ 3.8 billion in initial financing support and gifts to the region, and said that his government would encourage Chinese enterprises to open enterprises in these five countries to create employment opportunities and development.
Xi Jinping said in his keynote speech: "China-Central Asian relations have a long history, driven by extensive and actual needs, and solid people. In the new era, our relationship is full of vitality and vitality."
In particular, China and neighboring Kyrgyzstan signed a comprehensive strategic partnership, promising to support Beijing to maintain Xinjiang's security and stability. There are 11 million -dimensional n -wers, most of which are Muslim Uyesical who lives under the control of China's increasingly oppressed control. They were detained in the "re -education" camp, tortured and forced labor.
China and Kyrgyzstan agreed to jointly crack down on the "three forces of terrorism, extremism and divisionism, including" East Turkestan Terrorist forces ".
Human Rights Organization and Uyghur Vitamin said that despite similar religious and cultural values, the leaders of five Central Asian countries are the Uighurs who live in the northwestern region of Xinjiang and Kazakhs, Kyrgyz, Uzbekistan, and Tajik people who live in northwestern Xinjiang. The suppression is gone.
The World Uyghur Congress stated that it strongly condemned priority to considering economic and trade relations to serve China's expansionist and influence in Central Asia, rather than curbing the continuous racial extinction of Uighurs and other Turkic people.
The Chinese government is eager to expand its influence in the region through trade, investment and diplomatic contact.
Writing, hosting, production: Chen Aizheng
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/jieduxinjiang/xinjiang-06022023154759.html 
"Asia Pacific Report" June 2, 2023 Audio 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:41:52-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T16:41:52-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Free Asia Radio Drawing Audio-Link: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Apr- Audio/YP 06022023124144.html/@stream The main content of this show:
1 . Straach on the spot: The June 4th Memorial Hall officially opened in New York on June 2
2 . 64th anniversary, Anbao is comparable to the 20th National Congress.
3 . "June Fourth" is difficult to adhere to the memorial service, members of the former Hong Kong branch association change the "June 4th"
4 . The Hong Kong movie theater was stopped on the evening of the September 4th charter screening. Is it a coincidence or intentional?
5 . September 4th anniversary special report: Pick up the fire handle and continue
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/apr-audio/yp-06022023124144.html 
拜登出席空军毕业典礼又摔倒 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:46
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:33
Description: US President Biden attended the graduation ceremony of the US Air Force Academy in Colorado on Thursday (June 1) and accidentally fell on the podium. In this regard, former US President Trump said that he hoped to be okay, and said, "Be careful." Reuters reported that Biden was on the podium ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国总统', '拜登', '特朗普']
US President Biden attended the graduation ceremony of the US Air Force Academy in Colorado on Thursday (June 1) and accidentally fell on the podium. In this regard, former US President Trump said that he hoped to be okay, and said, "Be careful."
Reuters reported that after Biden issued the last graduation certificate to a graduate on the podium, he suddenly fell forward to the ground and was lifted by the three people around him.
Biden quickly stood up and walked back to the seat by himself. When Biden was lifted, he pointed to a small black sandbag with a fixed litter behind him. After returning to the White House, Biden joked to reporters: "The sandbag hurts me."
The director of the White House Liaison Office Labert subsequently tweeted that Biden was tripped by a sandbag, saying that Biden was okay.
When Trump attended an event in Iowa, he was asked by a reporter about Biden's fall. Trump said, "Is he really falling? I hope he has not been injured."
Trump then said, "Be careful, even if you go downhill, you should be careful."
In June 2020, Trump, who was still president at the time, walked very slowly when he walked down a slope at the West Point Military Academy, and some observers questioned his agility. Trump said on Twitter, "I don't want to fall, so as not to let those fake news make articles."
On May 19th, Bayeng went to Japan Hiroshima to attend the Seventh Kingdom Group (G7) Summit , Almost fell down when the steps were down in Yandao Shrine. On June 18 last year, Biden also fell while riding a bicycle near the home of Tellahua. He then stood up immediately and said, "I'm okay."
In addition, Biden fell or almost fell when he boarded the Presidential Air Force No. 1.
80 -year -old Biden on April 25th Announced that the campaign is re -EMB President of the United States Essence 76 -year -old Trump in November last year Announced compete for president 。
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400616 
Column | Night Talk Zhongnanhai: Do not forget the Chiral 44 suppression, do not forget the Sandian massacre 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:49:52-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T16:49:52-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: [" @@stream "]
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The grand occasion of the Muslims of Muslims in Yunnan Network picture [Audio-Link: https: //www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/yehuazhongnanhao/gx 06022023164039.html/@stream]](https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/yehuazhongnanhai/gx-06022023164039.html/@@stream)On the 27th of last month, because the authorities ordered the Muslims to gather in the Muslims because they ordered the strong dismantling of the Najiaying Mosque in Tonghai County, Yuxi City, Yunnan Province, the Muslims resisted and conflicted with the police. The next day of the incident, our Liberty Asian website was reported on the topic of "The Largest Mosque in Yunnan or the Police Conflict Video Exposure".
As of now, the latest progress of the incident that can be found from public news channels can also be refer to our report yesterday report on Radio of Liberty Asia. Human networks are still interrupted from time to time. "
Although this incident also attracted a certain degree of attention from the outside world, the author did not see a media or the netizens who were concerned about the incident therefore thought of it in Yunnan 48 years ago. The so -called "Sandian Incident" or "Sandian tragedy".
According to Wikipedia, the Shatian incident was a large -scale uprising incident in the Cultural Revolution during the Cultural Revolution, and eventually ended with the slaughter of the PLA. The massacre occurred in 7 counties in Yunnan Province from July 29th to August 4th, 1975. Among them, Shadian Town, an old city of the Hani Hani and Yi Autonomous Prefecture of Honghe, caused a total of about 1,600 civilians ( 866 people are from Shadian), including 300 children, nearly 1,000 disabled, and damaging more than 4,400 houses.
As for the causes and endings of this incident, you can still find some of the articles that have been recorded on the Internet. After the author compares one by one, he believes that a memories article title "The Enemies of the Yunnan Hui -14 Army Blood Shadian Township" relative Reliable.
Liu Jiaju, the author of this article, was a propaganda cadre of the PLA at that time. He bluntly created this tragedy was a troops of the Chinese People's Liberation Army in the local 14th Army, and Deng Xiaoping, who issued the suppression of the suppression order.
The author said here that Xi Jinping, a member of the Central Political Bureau and the first vice chairman of the Central Military Commission of the Central Political Bureau and the first vice chairman of the Central Military Commission, was in this 14th Army. However, the author verified many parties and found that the number of troops who performed the Sandian slaughter mission should be a Army and an artillery regiment of the 42nd Division of the 142nd Division of the 14th Army of the PLA Army at the time. Leading Staff of the 119 League Command.
At that time, the author of Liu Jiaju went deep into the Kunming Military Region as the editor of the PLA Literature and looked for creative materials in the revolutionary literary and artistic creation learning class. The story he first heard was Liu Shaoqi's daughter's guilty rebellion and was captured by the China -Myanmar border. "The next time it was a division of artillery camps in Zhaoyuan's 14th Army, saying that he was" talking about a negative theme. "
The instructor of this artillery camp said: "Chairman Mao taught us that Chinese reactionaries, relying on us to organize the people to knock them down. If you are reactionary, you will not fell ... One month ago, our army dispatched it a month ago. Our army dispatched it. A infantry regiment and five artillery battalions suppressed a counter -revolutionary riots in Shadian, killed more than 1,300 enemies ... "
The artillery instructor was told by the host of the study class, saying that "the military region has greeted the military region long ago, and the incident is not allowed to be announced. Don't mention it again. "
Liu Jiaju recalled that in the past ten years, I walked south to the north. The instructor revealed that more than a thousand people were really horrified in the news. It not only shocked my soul, but even made me doubt its authenticity. After dinner, I asked him to take a walk outside the camp, and asked him to tell me the story he didn't tell:
Shadian is a production brigade of the Jiejie Commune in Montzi County, Yunnan Province. It is located in the hills. More than 7,200 people in more than 1,500 households are distributed in 8 natural villages. At the beginning of the Cultural Revolution, the rebels in the commune and county used the beliefs of the Hui people as the "Four Old" to break away, closed the mosque, and burned the Coco. Some of the Hui compatriots who insisted on worship were detained, humiliated, hanged or swept out of the house, 14 were died, and 160 were beaten. In order to survive, the Hui compatriots organized the rebellion.
As a result, the local and nearby rebels formed two major factions. One school advocates closed mosque, extinction of religious beliefs, and the other faction is opposite. The opposition between the two factions has developed into the fist, and the knife is moving, and the martial arts spread throughout the province. The people of the Shadian are all the Hui people, and 98 % of the masses have gone to defend the mosque. Essence
At that time, a few counties and cities in the counties and cities were chased by the local opponents without standing, and more than 500 people ran to Shadian to hide. The county revolutionary committee of Honghe Prefecture came forward. With the support of the army, the masses of Shadian surrendered these cadres. After being rejected, the 14th Army sent a camp to the village to search, captured the cadres, and tied more than 1,000 Hui compatriots in Shadian to a big "anti -revolutionary" sign on each person's neck and pulled it to the streets of the county.
Next, because the local people returned to the people, Zhou Xing, who had just become the director of the Provincial Revolutionary Commission at that time, asked the army to send a regiment to surround Sandian. The returning people of Shadian did not show weakness, building roads to confront the road, and the two sides shot shooting and set off the battlefield in nearby counties and cities ...
Next, under the intervention of the central government, the 14th Army executed the central government's instructions for the collection of weapons, and sent a camp to collect the weapons of the Sandian militia and was rejected. Thousands of people in Shadian bombed the PLA out of the village. Both sides were re -ignited.
At that time, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China urgently summoned the representatives of the Yunnan Provincial Revolutionary Committee and the two factions of the Yunnan Provincial and Municipal Revolutionary Committee and the martial arts. Workers, the PLA must enter the village. Ma Bohua, a member of the Communist Party of China, immediately expressed his decision to support the central government. However, more than a dozen people who represent more than a dozen people, including Aya, returned to the local area. Just as soon as they got off the cars, there were thousands of armed doctors surrounded them, and more than ten pig heads they prepared in advance were buckled all over to the top ten pig heads. On the head of the representative, pulling on the street ...At that time, Zhou Xing, the leader of the Provincial Revolutionary Committee, was seriously ill and was seriously ill. He did not forget the struggle. He sent a big member to watch it around Shatian for two days and hurriedly reported to the central government. The 14th Army destroyed this "political bandit".
Who is Zhou Xing? During the war, he and Deng Fa, Kang Sheng, Li Keong and others were listed as the main person in charge of the CCP's hidden front. Zhou Xing's life is killing. In the Central Soviet Area of the early 1930s, he served as the executive minister of the Jiangxi Provincial People's Defense Administration, together with the killing demon Li Shaojiu, and killed 100,000 "AB groups" unnecessary. In the Long March, he was the deputy director of the Legion (Luo Ruiqing), the deputy director of the Defense Bureau, and he was executed by him. For the army's action, he did not leak, and he was killed by him who could not act. When he arrived in Shaanxi and Gansu, he was the director of the security guard. In the rectification movement, he grabbed more than 5,000 people. After the four aspects of the army, dozens of senior generals wandered to security guards in northern Shaanxi. Under the instructions of Mao, he detained the interrogation of 17 people such as Xu Shiyou and Wang Jinan. After the CCP's establishment, he was compatible with Luo Ruiqing and served as the deputy minister of the Ministry of Public Security to clear his best. Some people say that the top of his head is blood red. At present, an organization that suppress a Hui -people -made villain is not only a piece of cake, but also a good name for him.
In July 1975, Zhou Xing sent the town's anti -report to the central government and was catching up with Deng Xiaoping. Deng received a report from Zhou Xing and did not need to discuss it, and immediately approved the 14th Army to send troops to attack the "Turbuko".
The author also read another memories article. The primitive author was the 42nd Division of the 14th Army and the 42nd Division of the combat department. He made it clear that the main attack mission was the 126 regiment.
Liu Jiaju's memories article records: On July 29, 1975, a infantry regiment entered the battle preparation position and surrounded eight natural villages such as Shadian. At the beginning they did not look at the "Huimin Detachment" of Xiaodiaidian at all. I did not expect that in order to defend the dignity of their religion, everyone in Shadian regarded death. After a modern infantry regiment forced a day, it was resisted by a special death, and the price of dozens of people had not yet entered the village. This was a heavy casualties they rarely encountered in the domestic war. The commander flushed his eyes and quickly transferred the artillery regiment to participate in the war. The cannon diameter was 122 grenade, 76 wild guns, and 120 heavy mortars. They were all Soviet -style equipment.
Liu Jiaju's memories article stated that the battlefield revenge started in the early morning of August 1. 48 cannons instantly emitted thunder and flashes. Thousands of ejaculation split through the night sky. In the past, the mountains on the periphery of the eight villages of Shadada were rolled up and rolled up. Smoke columns, dance in the air.
For the first time, it was 15 minutes, and the new earth of the shells flickered. As soon as the gunfire stopped, more than a dozen promotional vehicles sounded again, "Surveying quickly, wait for the death without surrender!"
Without much, fried bean -like guns sounded in the brown soil layer, and the back of the Hui people was resurrected again. It told the invaders that the people of Allah would not yield.
For the second time, for 10 minutes, on the plowing mountain, the dense bomb pits were like the puppets on the head, and the gunfire was dumb, but I did not see a white flag. The artillery began to move and shot towards the trenches and castles by various villages. The direct artillery aimed at the bunkers in the building in the village, one cannon, and the work was gone. The artillery stopped firing, and the infantry assault team began to move to the village.
The attacking infantry was not lucky on artillery, and the gunfire of sniper kept sounding in the village. For the first time, the soldiers fought. The offensive and combat formation on the training ground was gone. They shuddered behind the squad leader and never dared to move forward.
The attack was blocked. The commander of the army called the artillery fire again. The commander of the artillery hesitated and smashed thousands of cannon shells into the residential area. Seven thousand people would suddenly become a stall of meat. He asked, Zhou Xing pat: We are suppressing, even if the tile is not existed, we must not lean right!
As a result, thousands of villages in the six villages in the thousands of cannons, instantly collapsed the house, people cried and screamed in the sea of fire, calling for scolding to rush to the crops outside the village. The attacking infantry seemed to be hunting, and the fiery tongue of the machine gun rifle swept to the people who ran away like an ant.
There are more than 600 households in Shadian Village, and the most pop -ups are the most. There are only one or two hundred households in the nearby Tian Xin, Che Beni, Xinzhai, Dazhuang, Maochen, etc., and they are also a broken wall. ..
Liu Jiaju's article described: After the fire was calm, the troops poured into the village to start cleaning the battlefield. A surviving woman suddenly jumped out of the collapsed house and slapped a warrior's head with a brick ... A company's healthy staff rescued an eight or nine -year -old child from the drainage groove. On the way back to the patching house, the little guy pulled out a dagger from his body and inserted it into the neck of the health staff ... an old one ... Mrs., she was bloody, lying on her own broken threshold, closed her eyes tightly.
At that time, the captain of the Central Committee of the Central Committee and the Yunnan Provincial Revolutionary Committee entered the then deputy director of the Yunnan Provincial Ethnic Frontier Working Committee of the Yunnan Provincial National Frontier Working Committee, Li Changmeng, who said to his family in the future: the responsibility of the Shadian incident, the central government issued documents Zhong was blamed for the Gang of Four. In fact, Deng Xiaoping was the chief of staff at the time. At that time, he vigorously advocated "rectification" and "beating the soil", which was in line with his claims.
Li Changmeng also recalled to his family: Deng Xiaoping also said that "not enough to fight is not enough to be indignant", I all remember in the notebook.
In the British "Economist" magazine published on October 22, 2011, there is an article entitled "Deng Xiaoping's Heritage"(Deng xiaoping 'is leggacy)Article. The article mentioned that "Deng Xiaoping ordered the army to suppress a Muslim village in Yunnan Province in 1975. That operation caused more than 1,600 civilian deaths, of which 300 children. It can be seen that after 14 years, Deng Xiaoping responded to the student and workers' parades. (That is, the suppression of the June 4th) full of his character. "
It was after reading this text, Li Changmeng's son wrote a memories of the article "Father's Past: Sandian Incident". The article said: At that time, the last and largest controversy was concentrated in the closure of the mosque. And this matter is exactly the most concerned about the Sidadian people. Because the government did not promise the PLA after entering the village without closing the mosque, the people of the Sidian people did not let the army enter the village. Finally, the force was resolved.
It can be seen that 48 years ago in the Sandian returning compatriots, in fact, it was just a massacre to safeguard their religious rights and interests.
In the article of Li Changmeng's son, he also said: When it comes to the June 4th incident, my father often said: "I knew that there would be such an ending, you don’t know him(Deng), he dared to start, and he was very heavy. "" ".
Today, it is the June 4th anniversary, citing historical materials to write this article, reminding people not to forget the June 4th suppression 34 years ago, and also forgotten the Sandian massacre 58 years ago!(This episode is chaired and broadcast by high -tech)(The article only represents the personal position and point of view of the special commentator))
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/zhuanlan/yehuazhongnanhai/gx-06022023164039.html 
The daily privacy supervision agency warned the user data problem 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:50
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:48
Description: Japanese privacy regulatory agency issued a warning to OPENAI, an American company in the artificial intelligence chat robot ChatGPT, asking the company to not collect sensitive data without permission. Reuters reports that the Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission said on Friday (June 2) that O ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['日本', '人工智能', 'ChatGPT']
Japanese privacy regulatory agency issued a warning to OPENAI, an American company in the artificial intelligence chat robot ChatGPT, asking the company to not collect sensitive data without permission.
Reuters reports that the Japan Personal Information Protection Commission said on Friday (June 2) that OpenAI should minimize sensitive data to enhance the learning of ChatGPT. It means that if there are more hidden dangers using ChatGPT in the future, the committee will take further action.
Recently, regulators of many countries have strengthened the supervision of artificial intelligence technology, including data collection and usage.
Although Japan has been in a backward position in some advanced technology and technology trends in the near future, the country is considered to have a huge driving force to keep up with artificial intelligence and robotics, because Japan needs to maintain productivity when the population continues to decline.
The committee pointed out that it is necessary to balance privacy issues and potential benefits of generating artificial intelligence, including accelerating innovation and response to climate change.
According to the data released by Analysis Company Similarweb, Japan is the third largest source of traffic on the OpenAI website.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400617 
American cross -party member proposal: Mourning June 4th condemn the CCP to suppress human rights 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:52:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:26:20-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Young Kim, Chairman of the Indian Council of the US House of Representatives,(Picture left)And the group's chief member of the group Ami Bera. Wikipedia/RFA group diagram
On the occasion of the 34th anniversary of the June 4th Incident, the Chairman of the Indian Council of the US House of Representatives, Young Kim, and the chief member of the group, Amibra, proposed a cross -party resolution to commemorate the 1989 Tiananmen Square. The victims of the slaughter condemned the Communist Party of China to continue to suppress human rights and basic freedom in the mainland and Hong Kong.
Master Jin Yingyu said, "We will never forget those brave students who face the oppressing regime and face the face of the People's Liberation Army in Tiananmen Square. More than 30 years later, we are still trapped in the authoritarianism of the Communist Party of China. But people who love freedom to remember the victims and commemorate their legacy. "She emphasized that the resolution sent a consistent information to the outside world that the United States will continue to become a lighthouse on the world's stage of freedom, hope and opportunities.
It is reported that the above resolutions urged the Chinese authorities to stop commentary on the June 4th incident, undergo an independent investigation by the United Nations Human Rights College, and allow the June 4th participants in exile and overseas to return to China without facing the risk of revenge. The resolution also called on the Hong Kong government and Beijing authorities to respect the independence of Hong Kong people's rights, freedom, and the Hong Kong rule of law system, and restore Hong Kong's independence representatives in accordance with the "China -British Joint Statement" and "Basic Law" on the "one country, two systems".
The above proposal also received the support of the co -signed by 11 other Republic members of the United States.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/6-06022023165228.html 
"Vaccine Baby Home" sponsor Ho Fangmei was detained in a super -detained daughter to stay in the mental hospital 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:53:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:21:35-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 "Vaccine Baby House", He Fangmei He Fangmei Push special screenshot
According to the China Civil Rights Organization, Minsheng Observation was quoted on June 2nd, and people familiar with the matter disclosed that the initiator of the "Vaccine Baby House" of the rights protection group He Fangmei went to the gates of Huixian County Government of Henan Province on October 9, 2020, After the splashing paint protested, after being taken away by the police on the spot and sentenced, the case was still not sentenced. He Fangmei herself was detained by overdue, and her two daughters were still in a mental hospital.
According to reports, He Fangmei was paralyzed by viral spinal inflammation in March 2018 due to her daughter in October 2018 in Hui County, Henan Province in March 2018. After many complaints were rejected, the couples were treating their daughters in Beijing while visiting their daughters, and they visited their rights and defended their rights. Therefore, the authorities were repeatedly suppressed by the authorities.
Minsheng observation revealed that recently, Fang Mei wrote a letter to ask her sister to take care of her children, but the hospital and the police did not let her sister visit. The family members call on the authorities that children are innocent and they should live with their families. In addition, some netizens launched the "June 1 postcard operation, picking up the child home", and the human rights defenders He Fangmei through the Internet.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/7-06022023165330.html 
Japan's deployment of Patriot missiles in Okinawa: Considering the situation in China and the Taiwan Strait 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:54:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:17:00-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Japanese Self-Defense Force soldiers walked through a "Patriot" -3 missile launch unit Reuters information picture
In response to North Korea's launch of "military reconnaissance satellites" and possible flying objects scattered, the Japanese military has deployed Patriots on air -to -air -to -air -to -air off -missile missiles in multiple islands in Okinawa counties a few weeks ago. However, some Japanese media believe that this is a "preview" of the troops conducted by the mainland China, which is related to the sudden incident in Taiwan.
According to a report on June 2nd, the Japanese Defense Akihama Hama Yinjida answered the "South NU Bin" that was originally planned to launch the event on Ishigaki Island after answering the "satellite" of North Korea on the same day. Missiles such as missiles. Hamada Yichi only said, "Do not answer the details of the use."
According to reports, the Japanese Ministry of Defense has been transported into the "Patriot 3" missiles to Miyagaki, Ishigaki, and the Self -Defense Force facilities of the Three Islands of Natalum in late April. However, due to climatic reasons, Ishigaki Island did not deploy the missile system outside the facility, and the interception missile launchers on Miyagu Island and the island of that Guo Guo were in a state.
The Kyodo Society pointed out that the Japanese government is strengthening the defense capabilities of the Southwest islands in the Southwest islands due to concerns about the enhancement of Chinese military power and the emergencies of Taiwan. The cadre of the Self -Defense Force disclosed that the move was "an excuse for launching North Korea as an excuse, which actually moved the troops to envision in Taiwan."
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/8-06022023165445.html 
Shangri -La dialogue: China refuses to talk to Austin as "unfortunate" 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:56:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:02:39-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Before arriving in Singapore, Austin described the Chinese decision in a press conference in Tokyo Photo: RFA
According to the report from the English Department of this Taiwan, when the tension of the South China Sea and East Asia is upgraded, the "Shangri -La Dialogue" held by Singapore's important regional security forum was particularly noticeable. However, during the meeting, the door to face -to -face exchanges between the US and China Defense Ministers was still closed.
U.S. Defense Minister Austin had previously invited the Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu to hold bilateral talks during the During Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore, but was rejected by the Chinese Defense Minister. Before arriving in Singapore, Austin described the Chinese decision with "unfortunate". He said that it is important to talk to each other with strong abilities, so as to manage crisis and prevent the situation from getting out of control.
It is reported that the three -day "Shangri -La dialogue" has about 600 representatives from 49 countries.
According to the Taiwan Central News Agency, the US Defense Minister Austin and the Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu and others sat at the main table at the Singapore dinner on Friday. Austin, who arrived at the venue first, took the initiative to shake hands to pay forward after Li Shangfu arrived, but did not interact too much.
Responsible: He Ping
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/9-06022023165555.html 
沙利文：威慑中俄 美国无需更多核武 
Author: None
Publisher: Radio Free Asia (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T16:57:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T17:28:14-04:00
Description: None
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The picture shows the III intercontinental ballistic missile of the US Air Force's Vanguard III, which can be used to project nuclear warheads. 路透社资料图片
据路透社6月2日报道，美国国家安全顾问杰克·沙利文(JakeSullivan)当天向军备控制协会倡导组织发表讲话时表示，美国无需更多核武器来威慑俄罗斯与中国加在一起的武装力量，因为美国具有先进的军事能力。
沙利文还表示，只要莫斯科能保持一致，华盛顿将遵守2010年有关战略核武器限制条约的规定，直到该条约2026 年到期，并且美国希望与中俄两国举行军备控制谈判。
报道说，中国在扩大其核武库的同时，与美国在台湾问题上也处于紧张对峙状态。中方拒绝与华盛顿进行减少冲突风险的对话，本周更拒绝了两国防长在新加坡香格里拉对话会期间的会谈。根据五角大楼估算，到2035年，中国的核武库可能会增加两倍以上，达到1500枚核弹头。而威胁要在对乌克兰战争中使用核武器的俄罗斯，今年2月已宣布暂停参与上述战略核武器限制条约。
沙利文表示，美国不需要将核力量增加到超过竞争对手的总和才能成功威慑他们，也不需要部署更加危险的核武器来维持威慑，威慑意味着有“更好”的方法，而不是“更多”的方法。但他强调，上述战略核武器限制条约必须考虑到中国不断增长的核武库问题。
责编：何平
News Source: https://www.rfa.org/mandarin/Xinwen/10-06022023165710.html 
June 4th Memorial Hall New York opened special Hong Kong Democratic Games exhibition area 
Author: None (Language: zh)
Publisher: None
Time: 2023-06-02T17:05:00Z
Description: The June 4th Memorial Hall organized by the Leadership of the 1989 Democratic Games officially opened in New York, USA, and exhibited historical items of the June 4th incident 34 years ago. Hong Kong was once a concentrated land to support the Chinese democratic movement, and today it has also become a special element of the exhibition hall.
Videos: []
Images: []
Subject: 时政风云
Subjects: ['天安门', '六四事件', '专题报道：六四30周年']
Keywords: ['六四', '天安门', '六四纪念馆', '八九', '王丹', '周锋锁', '支联会', '于大海']
Id: 65811714
Exhibits in the June 4th Memorial Hall of New York
(Voice of Germany) on the June 4th Incident On the eve of the 34th anniversary, the "June 4th Memorial Hall", located in the city of Manhattan, New York, opened on June 2, USA, and became the only permanent exhibition in the world after the Hong Kong June 4th Memorial Hall was forced to close by the authorities. Wang Dan, the founder of the Memorial Hall and the leader of the 89th Academic Games, said at the opening press conference that he was determined to rebuild the Memorial Hall overseas due to the change of the situation in Hong Kong](https://www.dw.com/zh/zh/香港悼念六四难-王丹筹设纽约纪念馆/a-60384403)Essence
The disbanded branch association The June 4th Memorial Hall of Hong Kong was established in 2012, and it has been operating intermittently for about ten years. After the National Security Law came into effect, the Memorial Hall was searched and inspected a large number of cultural relics in 2021, and was forced to close it. Several leaders of the branch association were accused of inciting the crime of subverting the state power, and they were now waiting for trial.
Wang Dan said: "The Communist Party of China obviously tries to cover up history and makes the world forget that its regime is based on violence and lies. As a survivor, participants and witnesses of the 1989 democratic movement, we have the responsibility to protect the truth of history and compete with the CCP. The intention of memory, so we decided to set up this exhibition. "
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
One anniversary commemorative 
On June 4, 1990, the people of Hong Kong took the streets for the first time to commemorate the first anniversary of the Tiananmen Massacre. From this year, the Hong Kong Federation will organize large -scale mourning activities each year. As the democratic movement in 1989 was a taboo topic in mainland China, Hong Kong gradually became the center of various types of memories related to June 4th.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 

Since 1990, on the evening of June 4, the Victoria Park in Hong Kong has held a candlelight party to mourn the June 4th death and express freedom of democracy. The number of participants is tens of thousands, as many as 100,000 people (according to the number of the organization's branch association, generally higher than the public announced the number), it is the world's largest June 4th commemorative event. (2015 information picture)
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
The old man of Tiananmen 
In 2013, the Taipei people held a candlelight party to commemorate June 4th and support the Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo in the prison. Liu Xiaobo is one of the representatives of the 89 Democratic movement, and together with Zhou Ru, Gao Xin, and Hou Dejian, he became "the four gentlemen of Tiananmen".
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Taipei 
On the 30th anniversary of June 4th, Taipei held a special commemorative event. Earlier, the inflatable "tank man" art device was built by Taiwanese artist Shake in front of the Taipei Zhongzheng Memorial Hall. Democrats such as Wang Dan and Zhou Fengsuo who experienced June 4th attended the present.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Three places on both sides of the strait 
Taiwan's June 4th commemorative activities are far less than Hong Kong in scale and history, but in recent years, they have received more attention. In 2020, despite the impact of the epidemic, more than 3,000 people still participated in the candlelight mourning party in Taipei. As Hong Kong and Macau banned the June 4 rally on the grounds of prevention of epidemic prevention this year, Taiwan became the only place for three places on both sides of the strait to commemorate June 4th.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
June 4th Memorial Hall 
The June Fourth Memorial Hall of Hong Kong has been temporarily located in Jiulong since 2012, and has moved to urban universities and Tsim Sha Tsui. It has been repeatedly settled during the new hall site and was forced to close it many times. In 2018, the Branch Federation will purchase real estate in Mong Kok as the new site, and re -opened the museum in April 2019. After the renovation of the rest of the museum in April 2021, it was reopened at the end of May, but after a few days, it was closed again by the authorities on the grounds of "incomplete licenses".
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
殇 殇 
On the 30th anniversary of the June 4th of 2019, the work of Hong Kong college students cleaning Danish artist JensgalSchiøt "Pillar of Guo Yan". It has been exhibited at various universities in Hong Kong and is now standing on the Huangke Running platform of the University of Hong Kong. Traditionally, the branch association sends people to wash the sculpture on the eve of June 4th every year.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
Rebellion under the epidemic 
In 2020 under the new crown epidemic, the authorities have not approved the June 4th rally for the first time in 31 years due to epidemic prevention and restrictions. However, tens of thousands of Hong Kong people still came to Victoria Park to burn the candle.
*#
Hong Kong and Taiwan used to commemorate June 4th 
again banned again 
In 2021, the Hong Kong authorities banned the June 4th Memorial Party again. After the Hong Kong National Security Law came into effect a year ago, the space and free space for Hong Kong society were further squeezed. At the same time, Macau's folk June 4th commemorative activities have been banned for the second consecutive year.

Some exhibits are shipped out of China 
Anti -Repair Sports Cultural Propaganda in the June 4th Memorial Hall of New York
The Memorial Hall also exhibited reports from the Hong Kong media on the Repressiveness of the Democratic Games and June 4th, including newspapers in the newspapers of Wen Wei Po and Dagong. The Preparatory Committee also set up a exhibition area on the Hong Kong Democratic Movement, which tells about anti -repair demonstrations in 2019 and Hong Kong's long -term support for rehabilitation of June 4th. The exhibition hall is attached to the announcement of the anti -repair campaign and the screening of the anti -fighting film.
Hong Kong has been held for thirty consecutive years June Fourth Candlelight Gala There are tens of thousands of people participating every year, which is the only region in China that can legalize June 4th. After the implementation of the National Security Law in 2020, the Hong Kong Government has repeatedly banned rally in the name of epidemic prevention and blocking Victoria Park. In May of this year, the "Pillar of Guo Yan", which was originally placed in the University of Hong Kong for more than 20 years and commemorating June 4th, was investigated by the Hong Kong Police National Security Department for investigation.
in Berlin, Germany unveiled 
Fundable target to complete in advance 
The preparatory committee originally planned to spend two to three years to raise $ 500,000 funds for the first phase, and eventually reached the standard in less than one year. Then there will be another stage of fundraising, hoping to buy permanent exhibition venues. The Memorial Hall will be open to the public at the end of June. It is currently located in the city of Manhattan instead of Chinatown. It is hoped that they can reach more foreigners and deepen their understanding of the history and Chinese conditions of June 4th.
Some entity objects still need to be sorted out before it will be exhibited. In the future, the Preparatory Committee also plans to show more audiovisual projects and display historical photos of the democratic movement online. The museum grows from the sea and said that the opening of the Memorial Hall is just the beginning: "It is not only a museum here, it is a symbol of resistance and hope, representing the dreams of many people, pursuing a freedom and democracy."
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Democratic Goddess 
Under Tiananmen Morning Daxi, the protesters used plastic foam and gypsum to set up a democratic goddess about 10 meters high on the metal bracket. The goddess location is facing the statue of Mao Zedong on the building of Tiananmen City. In the early morning of June 4, soldiers used tanks and armed vehicles to push the statue.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Singing female police officer 
Before the Chinese government suppressed, the situation was tense, but citizens often sent things to soldiers and police. Sometimes, the entry into the city will sing patriotic songs with the demonstrators. The policewoman in the picture was singing on Tiananmen Square, and a few days later, the army entered, and the democratic movement was suppressed by force.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
struggle 
On June 3, 1989, a day before the June 4th suppression, a woman was sandwiched among the democratic demonstrators and the army near the Great Hall of the People. In the midnight of the day, the 38th Army fired to the non -incompetent people, and finally seized Tiananmen Square, which was occupied by the demonstrators for weeks.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
The weapon seized 
One day before the suppression, thousands of demonstrators were around a bus, and a weapon seized on the top of the car. After the government announced martial law, the soldiers and demonstrations had a subtle relationship. The demonstrators sometimes send gifts to the soldiers to condolences, and the troops have temporarily retired.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Fight for democracy 
In the middle of the night on June 3, a armored carrier car just broke through the roadblocks built by the demonstrator and were surrounded by the demonstrators in front of the party's party. At the same time, martial arts soldiers not far away are preparing to fire the demonstrators.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Burning soldiers 
On the evening of June 3, the demonstrators ignited a armored carrier on the Chang'an Street in Tiananmen. This is the last photo taken by photographer Jeffwidner that night. Soon after that, he was accidentally hit by a brick thrown by the demonstrator. Although suffering strenuous brain shocks, because the camera in the hand offset most of the impact, Wednel escaped the robbery and was not in danger of life.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
suppression 
On June 4, the first day after the democratic movement led by the student was bloody, a truck loaded with a soldier patrolled on the Changan Street in front of the Beijing Hotel. On the same day, a soldier similar to a truck fired at the tourists standing in the lobby of the Beijing Hotel.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
"Tank Man" 
On June 4, a lonely man holding a shopping bag stood in the middle of Changan Street, trying to block the way of tank formation. Twenty -five years later, this person's final fate is still unknown. This scene has become one of the most symbolic images of the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
dead hero 
On June 5th, a group of people showed a picture of a local native place on Chang'an Street. The deceased on the screen was allegedly a demonstrator who shot shot in the process of seizing Tiananmen Square. The huge wound on the deceased showed that soldiers used Dam. Amnesty International Organization believes that at least 300 civilians were killed.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Clean 
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
Defense Mao Zedong 
A few days after the suppression, soldiers and tanks were always guarded in front of Tiananmen Tower.
*#
June 4, Tiananmen — Memory that cannot be forgotten 
brother side by side 
In late May 1989, the Associated Press Photography reporter Weiderne (left) and Chinese photographer Liu Xiangcheng took a picture in front of the Forbidden City. At that time, they may not expect that a few days later, the Chinese government used force to suppress the Democratic Movement of Tiananmen.
Author: jeff widner/Shi Tao

News Source: https://www.dw.com/zh/六四紀念館紐約開幕-特設香港民運展區/a-65811714?maca=chi-rss-chi-all-1127-rdf 
The US Senate approves the upper limit of debt to avoid US default 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金谷)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T17:20:39+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 09:20:39Z
Description: The US Senate passed the two -party legislation supported by President Biden on Thursday evening (June 1). The legislation increased the government's $ 3.14 trillion debt limit and avoided the first default in history.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '美国'
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/congress-approves-debt-limit-suspension-averting-default-20230602/7119922.html 
China to and from the United States 4 new flights to avoid Russian airspace 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (杨安)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T17:33:14+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 09:33:14Z
Description: In early May, the United States agreed to increase the number of Chinese airlines to and from the United States to 12 times a week. According to data from Flightaware, the flight tracking website, these newly approved flights avoided Russia's lead. The officials of the United States and China did not explain whether flights were required to avoid Russian airspace, but it was affirmed to add direct flights between the two countries.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-china-flights-russia-20230602/7119928.html 
On the occasion of the US -China strategic competition, the Bank of China will set up the first branch in Pakistan 
Author: VOA
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T18:09:09+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 10:09:09Z
Description: Ge Haizheng, chairman of Bank of China, has gone to Babia New Guinea, Babia, the world's fourth largest bank in the South Pacific Island. Pakistan is seeking to promote trade with China and expand its defense relationship with the United States at the same time.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: '中国'
Type: None
NoneNone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/bank-of-china-chairman-visits-papua-new-guinea-amid-sino-us-strategic-rivalry-20230602/7119963.html 
布林肯：美国将为乌克兰寻求“公平持久的和平” 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T18:17
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T18:37
Description: 美国国务卿布林肯说，美国正在与其他盟国合作，以为乌克兰提供“公平和持久的和平”。路透社报道，布林肯星期五（6月2日）在芬兰首都赫尔辛基一场公开演说中表明，美国“将支持各种（能为乌克...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['俄乌战争', '乌克兰危机', '乌克兰', '俄罗斯', '美国', '布林肯']
U.S. Secretary of State Brillings said the United States is working with other allies to think Ukraine provides "fair and lasting peace."
Reuters reports that Brinken Friday (June 2) in a public speech in Helsinki, the capital of Finland, stated that the United States "will support all kinds of efforts (can achieve long -lasting peace for Ukraine), regardless of whether these efforts are from Brazil, China, China, China Or any other country. "
Washington also encourages other countries to take action to end Ukraine's conflict, as long as they maintain the "United Nations Charter" and Ukraine's sovereignty, territorial integrity and independence.
The United States promises to continue to aid Ukraine military, because Kiev must have the ability to curb and resist any foreign invasion before carrying out any meaningful diplomatic dialogue.
"(Russian President) Putin's aggression war on Ukraine was a strategic failure", saying that the United States would assist Kiev to establish a "future Ukrainian army."
This means that the United States will assist Ukraine to establish a "modern Air Force, and integrate the ability of air defense and missile defense, advanced tanks and armored vehicles, independently producing ammunition, and maintaining troops and equipment combat training and support."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400636 
Russia: Ukraine launched a night attack on western Russia 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T18:29
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T18:40
Description: According to Russian officials, several regions in western Russia were attacked by the Ukraine and drones on Friday (June 2), causing at least two to die and injured. Reuters reports that most of the attack sites are in the western border area bordering Russia and Ukraine, including Buliangsk ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['乌克兰危机', '俄乌战争', '袭击']
According to Russian officials, several regions in western Russia were attacked by the Ukraine and drones on Friday (June 2), causing at least two to die and injured.
Reuters reports that most of the attack sites are in the western border area bordering Russia and Ukraine, including Bryansk, Kursk, Smolensk, Belgorod, etc. Essence
Vyacheslav Gladkov, the governor of Belgo Rhodes, said the Ukraine artillery attacked the road near the town of the Ukraine border, causing the two to die, and the other were injured.
 The Ukrainian army has recently continued to fire in the Russian border area. (Reuters)
He said: "The fragments of the shells hit (on the trail) vehicles. One of them had two women on the car, and they died on the spot due to excessive injuries. The chest was cut by the shot, and another man was injured in his lower limbs. "
Russian officials recently reported that the Ukraine has increased its attack on the northern region; the Russian army has launched about 20 missiles and drones against Ukrainian cities since early May.
On the same day, another Russian -controlled official pointed out that the Ukrainian army also launched an attack on the Zapolo Nuclear area in the southern part of Russia. A local "medical camp" was hit, and the casualties were currently unclear.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400640 
The U.S. Limited Debt Limitation crisis and Economic Ledo European shares rose up 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T18:32:08+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T18:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse London, 2nd) The Federal Senate, by raising the upper limit of debt holdings, and strong employment data to alleviate the external concerns of the world's largest economy, inspire the European stock market to rise today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The London FTSE 100 Index rose 117.01 points or 1.56%to close at 7607.28 points.
The Frankfurt DAX Index rose 197.57 points or 1.25%to close at 16051.23 points.
The Paris CAC 40 index rose 133.26 points or 1.87%to 7270.69 points. (Translator: Xu Ruicheng)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230602-%E7%BE%8E%E8%A7%A3%E9%99%A4%E5%80%BA%E9%99%90%E5%8D%B1%E6%9C%BA%E5%92%8C%E7%BB%8F%E6%B5%8E%E5%88%A9%E5%A4%9A-%E6%AC%A7%E8%82%A1%E6%94%B6%E6%B6%A8 
At least 50 people in India's major train accidents were injured by more than 500 people 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T19:32:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T19:05:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New Delhi, 2nd) A major train collision occurred today in Odisha, eastern India. At least 50 people were killed and more than 500 people were injured.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 PradeepJena, a senior official in Orisa, India, told AFP: "About 50 people have been killed and more than 500 are injured. The most important job in our current job is to rescue (passengers) and provide medical care." (Translator: Xu Ruicheng)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E5%8D%B0%E5%BA%A6%E9%87%8D%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB%E8%BD%A6%E4%BA%8B%E6%95%85-%E8%87%B3%E5%B0%9150%E4%BA%BA%E4%B8%A7%E7%94%9F500%E5%A4%9A%E4%BA%BA%E5%8F%97%E4%BC%A4 
On Friday, the US market increased the performance of Lululemon's oversight performance. 
Author: 李可爱 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T20:02
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T20:07
Description: On Friday (June 2nd), the point: Senate approved an agreement to raise the debt limit overnight to drive the major stock index stock futures in the Wall Street stock market on Friday (June 2). At 7 o'clock, the standard and the Poole 500 index futures rose 21.00 points or 0.50 % ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: [" 000000.png ", " 000001.png "]
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国股市', '美市', '财经即时']
Friday (June 2): 
Before the trading focus: 
 Huang Renxun, CEO of Nvidia, may visit Shanghai on June 6. (Agence France -Presse)
 库存一直是Lululemon面对的一个问题。不过集团高管们坚称现有库存与销售增长速度一致，并表示他们对现有状况“感到满意”。(路透社)
Lululemon Athletica(纳斯达克证券交易所代码：LULU) 
运动服饰连锁集团Lululemon隔夜不仅公布了超标的业绩，而且也因为中国业务和集团货运成本显著改善，决定上调对全年业绩的预测，带动Lululemon股价在隔夜盘后飙升超过12％。
根据Lululemon截止于今年4月底的第一季度业绩报告，集团的营业增长24％至20亿美元，每股盈利则是2.28美元。而Refinitiv所搜集到的分析师平均预测是营业额19亿3000万美元，每股盈利1.98美元。以这两个上下线指标来看，Lululemon是双双超标的。
业绩报告也显示，集团单单是在中国市场取得的营业额就比去年同期增长了79％。Lululemon在中国总共有71家零售店。
除了业绩超标之外，Lululemon高管们在隔夜还上调了对2023财年的全年业绩预测。他们预计全年净营业额将会是在94亿4000万美元至95亿1000万美元之间，每股盈利则会在11.74美元至11.94美元的区域。
在这之前，高管们曾预测全年净营业额会介于93亿美元至94亿1000万美元，华尔街分析师也普遍预计Lululemon的营业额会是93亿7000万美元。
首席财务官弗兰克(MeghanFrank)就说：“我们产品在全球市场获得良好反应，支持第一季度的业绩表现强劲。再加上我们在中国的销售步伐明显加快，整体的空运费用也下降，使我们的业绩比预期中来得好。我们对第二季度和全年业绩的势头感到满意，这也反映在我们调整后的业绩数字上。”
不过库存一直是Lululemon所面对的一个问题。它的存库在第一季度末增长24％至15亿8000万美元，而且高管们还预计下一季度将增长20％。不过他们坚称集团库存与销售增长速度一致，并表示他们对现有状况“感到满意”。但是他们也承认Lululemon在这方面“仍有工作要做”。
在Tipranks的24名分析师当中，有18名给予Lululemon股“买进”的评级，三名给予“持守”的评级，三名给予“卖出”的评级，一年期限平均目标价是401.05美元。
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400668 
NATO Secretary -General intends to visit Türkiye to attend the presidential inauguration ceremony 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T20:29
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T20:29
Description: 北约秘书长斯托尔滕贝格重申，他将在本周访问土耳其出席总统埃尔多安的就职典礼期间，尽快推进瑞典入约进程。法新社报道，斯托尔滕贝格星期五（6月2日）发声明说，除了出席埃尔多安的就职典礼...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['北约', '瑞典', '土耳其']
NATO Secretary -General Stoltenberg reiterated that he would visit Turkey to attend the inauguration of President Erdogan this week to advance the Swedish contract process as soon as possible.
Agence France -Presse reported that Stoltenberg issued a statement on Friday (June 2) that in addition to attending Erdogan's inauguration ceremony, he also plans to hold bilateral talks with Erdogan and senior officials of Turkitist. The visit to the soil will last until Sunday (4th).
Stoltenberg participated in the two -day NATO Foreign Minister's meeting at Oslo, Norway on Thursday (1st) that he had talked to Turkish President Erdogan earlier this week and plans to visit Ankara in the near future. , Continue with Turkish Discussion on NATO in Sweden Essence
NATO member states have previously stated many times that they hope to see the military alliance in front of the NATO summit in Sweden from July 11th to 12th in the NATO Summit held in Lithuania.
Stoltenberg stated that Sweden entered the contract July It is "absolutely possible."
According to the regulations, NATO must absorb new members under the premise of "unanimous consent" in 30 member states. At present, Türkiye and Hungary have not yet officially approved Sweden to join NATO.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400673 
South Korea's representative of the North Korea emphasizes the necessity of blocking the North Korean capital chain 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T20:46
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T20:46
Description: When the South Korean and Korean Peninsula Peaceful Safety Affairs specially represented Kim Jian, when he attended the Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore, he emphasized the importance of cutting off the North Korean capital chain on the development of nuclear missiles to prevent the DPRK. Yonhap News Agency reported that Jin Jian special discussion on Friday (June 2) in the 20th Shangri -La dialogue ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['香格里拉对话会', '韩国', '朝鲜', '美国']
South Korea's Korean Peninsula Peaceful Safety Affairs Special Representative Kim Jian attended in Singapore Shangri -La Dialogue At that time, the importance of cutting off the North Korean capital chain on the development of nuclear missiles for the development of the North Korean capital.
The Yonhap News Agency reported that Jin Jian gave a speech on Friday (June 2) at the 20th Shangri -La Dialogue Special Forum, and emphasized that cutting off the nuclear guidance to cut off North Korea through overseas foreign exchange and illegal network activities to raise overseas foreign exchange and illegal network activities. The importance of developing funds.
Kim Jian introduced that North Korea hacked in 2022 invasion of Singapore game companies "SKYMAVIS" and stole cryptocurrencies worth 620 million US dollars (about S $ 835 million), which broke the historical record. He emphasized that North Korea is attacking the world, and the international community should strengthen close cooperation to respond.
On the other hand, Jin Jian met with the vice president of Google's foreign policy and privacy product management to discuss the plan for cooperation to deal with North Korean cyber criminal activities.
South Korea -American and Japan Defense Program plans to hold talks during the incense meeting, which is expected to discuss the exchange mechanism to build a warning data (Warning Data) in detail.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400675 
Looking forward to improving the Saudi -Saudi -Saudi U.S. Secretary of U.S. Blint to visit next week 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T21:02:07+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T20:35:03+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, Washington, 2nd) As the United States has a tight relations with the long -term Middle East Saudi Arabia, the State Department announced today that Secretary of State Antony Blinken will visit Saudi to visit Saudi next week for 3 days.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 Agence France -Presse reported that Brinken will visit Saudi Wells from 6th to 8th, and the two countries are seeking to promote the long -term ceasefire.
The State Department of the United States stated that Brins will "discuss the strategic cooperation between regional and global issues, and a series of bilateral issues such as economic and security."
Blinden will participate in the Gulf CooperationCouncil ministerial meeting on the 7th and will attend the National Alliance Conference against Islamic State (IS) on the 8th.
Not long ago, Blingken's trip, the White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan went to Saudi to visit. Nearly a year ago, US President Biden also visited Sha, but did not significantly improve relations between the two countries.
The relationship between the United States and the Saudi Di is complicated. In the United States, the kingdom has accused the kingdom infringement of human rights, and the United States is raging in the United States to collude with Russia to increase oil prices. Essence
However, Saudi plays a powerful role in the Middle East's political situation, and the United States continues to provide its weapons, and the United States looks forward to closer relationships. (Translator: Xu Ruicheng)
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E5%9B%BD%E9%99%85%E6%8A%A5%E9%81%93/20230602-%E7%9B%BC%E6%94%B9%E5%96%84%E4%B8%8E%E6%B2%99%E4%B9%8C%E5%9C%B0%E5%85%B3%E7%B3%BB-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E5%8A%A1%E5%8D%BF%E5%B8%83%E6%9E%97%E8%82%AF%E4%B8%8B%E5%91%A8%E5%BE%80%E8%AE%BF 
Zelei: Ukraine could not join NATO before the war ended 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T21:12
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T21:12
Description: Ukraine President Zernesky said that when the Russian and Ukraine War continued, Ukraine would not be able to join NATO. Reuters reported that Zeleiski said on Friday (June 2): "We are full people, understand that we will not pull any NATO country into war ... This is ... this is ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['乌克兰危机', '俄乌战争', '俄罗斯', '乌克兰', '北约', '北大西洋公约组织']
Ukraine President Zernesky said that when the Russian and Ukraine War continued, Ukraine would not be able to join NATO.
Reuters reported that Zelei Skyki said on Friday (June 2): "We are full people, understand that we will not pull any NATO country into the war ... This is why we understand that when this war is ongoing, we are ongoing. We will not become a member of NATO. It is not because we don't want, but because it is impossible. "
The Kremlin stated on the same day that if Ukraine joined NATO, it would cause problems in the future.
When asked about Ukraine's desire to join NATO, the Ke Palace spokesman Peskov said: "We regret that this shows that the Kiev government is not prepared, unwilling or unable to solve existing problems on the negotiating table."
"Ukraine (Hope to join) is of course one of the main stimulating factors, and it will become a potential problem for many years ... Many EU countries know this very well."
However, the Minister of Defense Wallace attended Singapore in Singapore [Shangri -La dialogue] on Friday Shangri -La dialogue It is said that Britain supports Ukraine to join NATO, and "this road is open for them", although political reality may slow down this process.
Wallace stated: "The best way we can help Ukraine is to help them defeat Russia, and then ensure that they are prepared, capable and adaptable."
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400683 
Human rights observation calls on Beijing to recognize the responsibility for the June 4th massacre 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T21:27:43+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 13:27:43Z
Description: The 34th anniversary of the 34th anniversary of the Anton suppression incident is coming. Human rights observation headquartered in New York, USA, calls on the Chinese government to acknowledge the historical responsibility that they should have in this historical tragedy, and provide the dead of the June 4th incident and their families. compensation.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '纪念六四']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-barred-34-years-after-bloody-tiananmen-massacre-20230602/7119991.html 
The 64th anniversary is approaching, and the Hong Kong people choose to commemorate privately under the Guoan Law. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T21:28:46+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 17:14:17Z
Description: The upcoming Sunday (June 4) will be the 34th anniversary of the bloody massacre incident of Tiananmenmen, but for many years, a large -scale commemorative event has been held on June 4th. Under the haze and prostitution, he was forced to choose to hold a mourning event in private.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['纪念六四', '港澳']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/amid-shrinking-freedoms-hong-kongers-commemorate-tiananmen-anniversary-privately-20230602/7119986.html 
The Minister of Defense in the United States and China did not carry out "substantive communication" in Xianghui 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T21:41
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T23:16
Description: US Defense Minister Austin and Chinese Minister of Defense Li Shangfu shook hands with each other during the Shangri -La dialogue in Singapore, but did not carry out "substantial exchanges". Reuters reported that the US Pentagon issued a statement on Friday (June 2) saying that the two countries' defense ministers had only a brief conversation ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美中关系', '香格里拉对话', '美国', '中国', '奥斯汀']
U.S. Defense Minister Austin and Chinese Minister of Defense Li Shangfu attended in Singapore Shangri -La Dialogue Shake hands with each other, but did not carry out "substantial communication".
Reuters reported that the US Pentagon issued a statement on Friday (June 2) that the two countries' defense ministers had only a brief conversation.
Pat Ryder, a spokesman for the Pentagon, said: "The Ministry of Defense of the United States believes that it has maintained a channel for military communication with China and will continue to seek meaningful military discussions at multiple levels to manage US -China relations responsibly."
Beijing earlier rejected a formal meeting with Austin during the Shangri -La Safety Summit Essence China demands that the United States cancels the sanctions on Li Shangfu promulgated in 2018 and states that if the sanctions are not canceled, the meeting between Li Shangfu and Austin is not equal.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400687 
Thirty -four years later, I looked back at the June 4th students "I didn't expect"? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (金哲, 平凡)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T22:26:45+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 20:00:09Z
Description: Due to the information blockade of the Communist Party of China, many young people in China do not know or even know. On June 4, 1989, 34 years ago, the CCP authorities had dispatched the army to have bloody for the students and citizens who gathered in Tiananmen Square. Suppress. The bloody young students of that year were also white hair. Thirty -four years ago and thirty -four years ago, what was the most surprising thing when looking back at the past?
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['纪念六四', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/tiananmen-massacre-student-leaders-recalling-what-surprised-them-20230602/7120197.html 
White House: The United States does not need to deter the nuclear arsenal to deter Russia and China 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T23:04
Modified Time: 2023-06-03T00:22
Description: The US White House National Security Counselor Shalvan said that the United States does not need to deter Russia, China, and the joint forces of Russia, China, and other opponents by increasing the scale of nuclear arsenal. Reuters reported that Shatin said on Friday (June 2) that if Russia complies with the "New Treatment of Strategic Weapons ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '中国', '俄罗斯', '白宫', '核武器', '沙利文']
The US White House National Security Counselor Shalvan said that the United States does not need to deter Russia, China, and the joint forces of Russia, China, and other opponents by increasing the scale of nuclear arsenal.
Reuters reports that Sarawin said on Friday (June 2) that if Russia complies with the nuclear weapons restrictions stipulated in the New Treatment of Strategic Weapons, the United States will also abide by this contract until it expires in 2026.
"The United States does not need to increase the nuclear force to the sum of competitors than competitors in order to defeat competitors."
From Thursday (1st) in the United States, Stop providing some data from the "New Treatment of Strategic Weapons" to Russia The positions of American missiles and launchers, in response to Moscow's "continuous violation" agreement.
Russia has not officially withdrawn from the "New Treatment of Strategic Weapons", but in February this year, Russian President Putin signed a law on Russia's suspension of the "New Treatment of Strategic Weapons" in Russia When the resumption of performance will be determined by Putin.
Immediately after, the US government announced at the end of March that Moscow had notified Moscow Stop some nuclear weapons data Essence This move was regarded as a response to Russia's announcement of the suspension of the suspension of the "New Treatment of Strategic Weapons".
The "New Treatment of Strategic Weapons" was signed by Russia and the United States in 2010 and took effect on February 5, 2011, with a valid period of 10 years. On February 3, 2021, Russia and the United States swapped diplomatic photos to complete the relevant internal procedures that extended the effective period of the "New Strategic Weapon Treaty". The validity period of the treaty was subsequently extended to February 5, 2026. After Russia and the United States' "Guide Treaty" failed in 2019, this approach became the only military control treaty between the two countries.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400710 
The United States imposes new sanctions on Iranian Internet technology companies 
Author: 联合早报 (Person)
Publisher: 联合早报 (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T23:13
Modified Time: 2023-06-03T00:28
Description: The U.S. Treasury Department announced that the authorities issued new sanctions related to Iran on Friday (June 2) to help Tehran's technical companies and related individuals who assist Tehran to review the Internet. Reuters reported that the Ministry of Finance issued a statement saying that the sanctioned network technology company "ARV ...
Videos: []
Audios: []
Images: []
Type: NewsArticle
Breadcrumbs: ['即时', '国际']
Keywords: ['美国', '伊朗', '伊朗制裁']
The U.S. Treasury Department announced that the authorities issued new sanctions related to Iran on Friday (June 2) to help Tehran's technical companies and related individuals who assist Tehran to review the Internet.
Reuters reports that the Ministry of Finance issued a statement saying that the sanctioned network technology company "Arvan Cloud" has a close relationship with the intelligence department of Iran, and the company's executives are exchanged from senior Iranian officials.
The statement said that the Iranian government often uses the Internet restrictions and controls the speed of the network to suppress the sound of dissidents, and monitor and punish Iranians who exercise speech and rally of freedom online.
The Ministry of Finance pointed out that the two individuals who were sanctioned were the co -founder of Arvan Cloud's co -founder Pouya Pirhosseinloo and Farhad Fatemi.
During the hostage crisis of the US Embassy in Iran more than 40 years ago, the United States began to impose sanctions on Iran. Since then, the scope of sanctions has gradually expanded and its strength has continued to increase. Over the past few decades, the U.S. Congress has successively passed and revised more than 10 related bills including the Sanctions on Iran, and has issued a total of at least 26 administrative orders related to sanctions on Iran.
Former Iranian President Rouhani has stated that the sanctions imposed by the US Trump alone have brought at least US $ 200 billion (about S $ 269.2 billion) in economic losses.
News Source: https://www.zaobao.com.sg/realtime/world/story20230602-1400711 
Political red offline search for space Hong Kong former district council members sent candles to evoke the memories of Hong Kong people in June 4th 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (高锋)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T23:40:56+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 17:13:39Z
Description: Under the influence of the Hong Kong version of the National Security Law and the epidemic, Hong Kong people have been unable to mourn June 4 in the past few years. Recently, Hong Kong Government officials have even mourned June 4th's statement, emphasizing that the behavior of Hong Kong people will enforce the law decisively if the law does not meet the law. While most Hong Kong people chose to remain silent, a former democratic district member of Hong Kong evoked the memories of Hong Kong people in June 4th under the political red line.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['纪念六四', '港澳']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/hong-kong-ex-democrat-politician-gives-out-candles-on-tiananmen-crackdown-anniversary-2-0230602/7120250.html 
Morgan Chase CEO Dimon was visited during the sensitive period of Dimon, and the official Taiwan official said that there was no meeting arrangement 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (木风)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-02T23:45:21+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 15:45:21Z
Description: Jimmy Dimon, CEO of US Investment Bank Morgan Chase, went to Taiwan on Friday after ending his visit to mainland China. This is his first visit to Taiwan for ten years.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '经济·金融·贸易', '台湾']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/jpmorgan-s-dimon-visits-taiwan-to-meet-staff-clients-20230602/7120017.html 
In May, non -agricultural employment in the United States is better than expected to rise in the US stock market in early trading 
Publisher: 法新社
Published Time: 2023-06-02T7:02:09+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02T14:35:02+00:00
Description: (Agence France -Presse, New York, 2nd) The US Federal Senate passed the debt limit bill, and the increase in the number of non -agricultural employment in the United States in May is better than expected. It shows that the US economy has continued to be strong. The main index of US stocks has risen early today.
Videos: []
Images: [" 000000.png "]
 The Dow Jones Industrial Index rose 395.45 points, or 1.20%, to 33457.02 points.
The S & P 500 index rose 32.38 points, or 0.77%, to 4253.40 points.
The Nasdaq comprehensive index rose 60.78 points, or 0.46%, to 13161.76 points.
News Source: https://www.rfi.fr/cn/%E8%B4%A2%E7%BB%8F%E5%BF%AB%E8%AE%AF/20230602-%E7%BE%8E5%E6%9C%88%E9%9D%9E%E5%86%9C%E5%B0%B1%E4%B8%9A%E4%BC%98%E4%BA%8E%E9%A2%84%E6%9C%9F-%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD%E8%82%A1%E5%B8%82%E6%97%A9%E7%9B%98%E8%B5%B0%E9%AB%98 
Return without merit. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T00:14:13+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 16:14:13Z
Description: Li Hui, a special envoy of Eurasia, who is responsible for mediation of Russia and Ukraine, said on Friday (June 2) that although he has not had an immediate effect on Russia and Ukraine and other European countries, Beijing is considering a new round of Promote and mission.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '乌克兰局势']
Type: None
NoneNone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-weighs-next-ukraine-peace-mission-after-first-yields-little-progress-20230602/7120028.html 
The Director of Zhongqing visited China in May and tried to improve the relationship when the high -level communication was not good. 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (松仁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T00:43:46+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 18:18:04Z
Description: 美国中央情报局长威廉·伯恩斯（William Burns）上个月曾经秘密前往中国访问，并与中方官员举行会谈。在美中高层沟通不畅的情况下，拜登总统派遣他最信赖的高层官员之一访问中国，表明了美国政府对美中关系急剧恶化的严重关切。
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '美国', '中国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/cia-chief-made-secret-visit-to-china-in-bid-to-thaw-relations-20230602/7120284.html 
There are signs of looseness in the relationship between the two armed forces of the United States and China: Austin and Li Shangfu talked briefly in Singapore 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (塞尔丁)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T01:07:05+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 17:11:42Z
Description: Li Shangfu, Minister of Defense, Chinese Defense on Friday (June 2), talked with US Secretary of Defense Lauda Austen in Singapore, which may mean that Beijing's relationship between the two parties has eased after many rejection of the US dialogue.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美中关系', '美国', '中国', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-chinese-defense-officials-talk-at-key-summit-20230602/7120243.html 
Brinken: Ukraine Peace Agreement must include Russia withdrawal 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (美国之音)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T03:14:30+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 19:14:30Z
Description: US Secretary of State Anthony Bollingken said on Friday (June 2) that to reach a "fair and durable" peace agreement in Ukraine, it must include Russia withdrawing from all the Ukrainian territories that has been controlled by it.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['乌克兰局势', '欧洲', '军事']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/blinken-says-peace-deal-in-ukraine-must-include-russia-s-withdrawal-20230602/7120812.html 
Commemorating the 34th anniversary of the June 4th incident, CECC chairman nominated Peng Lifa, Zhang Zhan, and Li Kangmeng competing for the Nobel Peace Prize 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (李逸华)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T04:00:19+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 20:01:48Z
Description: On the eve of the 34th anniversary of the Tiananmen incident, the leaders of the United States Congress and the China Committee (CECC) of the Administrative Authority (CECC) announced the addition of Peng Lifa, the protagonist of the Beijing Sitongqiao protest, Zhang Zhan, and Li Kangmeng, a student of Nanjing Media College, 2023. Candidate for award. "The courage of these heroes should receive awards from all over the world," said parliamentarians.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['国会报道', '美国', '人权', '中国', '美中关系', '纪念六四', '编辑推荐']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/us-cecc-china-tiananmen-34th-anniversary-20230602/7120834.html 
Biden will make speeches on the success of the United States to avoid debt defaults 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (维达库斯瓦拉)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T04:27:13+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 20:27:13Z
Description: US President Joe Biden will sign the "Financial Responsibility Act", which temporarily cancel the debt limit of the federal government to January 2025 and avoid possible catastrophic financial defaults.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['美国', '国会报道', '经济·金融·贸易']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/biden-to-deliver-remarks-on-us-avoiding-default-20230602/7120899.html 
Shenzhou 16th to complete the manned mission Chinese aerospace technology may be caught in the United States? 
Author: chinese@voanews.com (李贤)
Publisher: 美国之音中文网 (Type: NewsMediaOrganization)
Published Time: 2023-06-03T04:46:57+08:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-02 20:46:57Z
Description: After China successfully launched the Shenzhou No. 16 manned spacecraft, three astronauts have officially completed the transfer with the astronauts of the previous period at the Tiangong Space Station on June 2. Observer said that this means that China's manned space technology has made steadily progress, helping the CCP to further preach national strength and consolidate the legitimacy of its regime. Analysts said that although the United States still has technical leadership and experience advantages in the space sector, if the aerospace development is not continuously regarded as a priority policy, it may be caught up by China in the future.
Videos: []
Images: []
Categories: ['中国', '美国']
Type: None
Nonenone
News Source: https://www.voachinese.com/a/china-launches-shenzhou-16-mission/7120934.html 
